Cheers ! Here 's to you .|Is the wedding reception in the Parador ? Yes , it is .
One two three . Jump !|If I get out of here I 'm going to start speaking to my momma .
He left a lot of money in Prague . A bar , a trucking business . He never came back to pull out any of his cash ? I heard he was arrested by Russians . He 's probably in Siberian prison . Who knows ? Maybe somebody kill him .|No . He 's still alive . Free .
My friends are all so envious , and so is everyone in the company , right , Dad ?|I don 't know , Sonia , but I 'd say people in the company envy you more for your job and for being the boss 's daughter than for marrying Rosendo . Come on , Dad ! All the women are crazy about him .
I don 't know , Sonia , but I 'd say people in the company envy you more for your job and for being the boss 's daughter than for marrying Rosendo . Come on , Dad ! All the women are crazy about him .|He 's young , pleasant , a famous writer ... And he 's gorgeous !
You need to explain to me why the FBI is suddenly up my ass . It 's complicated .|I 've been passing you classified files . Do you know what could happen to me ? Introduce me to your contact in the Six . Why ? Because I 've got an idea that might help everybody . A couple of cocktails , the unfulfilled promise of sex , and look where you 've got me .
I 've been passing you classified files . Do you know what could happen to me ? Introduce me to your contact in the Six . Why ? Because I 've got an idea that might help everybody . A couple of cocktails , the unfulfilled promise of sex , and look where you 've got me .|Honestly , Simon , I had no idea this was anything more than a small favor for a friend . " A small favor . " Big enough to get me canned . Well , Rice , what 's your brilliant idea , then ? You need to get out ahead of this thing before your bosses find out you 've been passing classified files . And one thing we know ... we know that Martin was MI6 , right ? So , I convince him to surrender to you , then you both claim that you were looking into his files because you were trying to bring him in . Be a nice feather in your cap .
Honestly , Simon , I had no idea this was anything more than a small favor for a friend . " A small favor . " Big enough to get me canned . Well , Rice , what 's your brilliant idea , then ? You need to get out ahead of this thing before your bosses find out you 've been passing classified files . And one thing we know ... we know that Martin was MI6 , right ? So , I convince him to surrender to you , then you both claim that you were looking into his files because you were trying to bring him in . Be a nice feather in your cap .|It 's not the worst idea I ever heard . And in exchange , you protect Martin from the FBI . Call off the entire American government ? But that 's it ? He 's accused of a capital crime , okay , and unlike the U.K. , America has the death penalty .
Not yet , he isn 't !|You 're not being funny . Stop it ! This conversation is ridiculous . It 's all too rushed .
I found myself wishing I were as lucky as he .|People are always telling you that change is a good thing . All they 're saying is that something you didn ' t want to happen has happened .
People are always telling you that change is a good thing . All they 're saying is that something you didn ' t want to happen has happened .|My store is closing this week . I own a store . Did I ever tell you that ?
How do you know him ?|I don 't . He claimed he knew Dad . Does he remember him ? Well , you can ask him , but , uh , understand that his moments of lucidity are fewer and fewer .
But my friend Dmitry was a dirty bastard .|Do you know him ?
You shit , you didn 't invite me to your wedding !|No , I didn 't , Nacho ! And I don 't know why the hell you 're here ! How can you be such a bastard ?
No , I didn 't , Nacho ! And I don 't know why the hell you 're here ! How can you be such a bastard ?|You 've got the balls to say that ? I 've been looking for you for weeks !
You know I 've stayed on this boat after let 's see your mother .|Laurette , the ballet dancer .
The Czech police and the FBI are calling you ... or should I say Dmitry ... a person of interest . This whole thing could get very uncomfortable for Six . Look , I roughed him up a bit , I didn 't kill him . Even deep in legend , there are limits . You know these Chechens are ruthless , Terrence .|I 'm trying to earn their trust for Christ 's sake . You 're supposed to infiltrate them , not become one of them . Do we want the General or not ? Well , damn right we do . Home Office is getting rather impatient . Lots of ruffled feathers . So ?
Ah , so , you are interested in my girls after all ? Forget that . I have something else for you . Good business . Yeah ? I pay Chechens protection . Every Saturday , guy picks up 70,000 crowns . It 's too much . They 're animals . What can you do ? Get it back .|I split money with you .
It was always beautiful .|Yes . Why did you bring it ?
I have to get dressed .|You 've lost weight ! Yes , happiness slims you down !
Nacho !|What ?
Nanny Maureen ?|Gillian ran off with Nanny Maureen .
Why not find a lover to wear you out so you won 't need to come and annoy me ?|It must be ... that I like the way you wear me out . That 's why I wouldn 't miss this experience .
Son of a bitch !|It 's fantastic !
And take me to the zoo to see the baby elephant .|I was your friend , then ?
I used to call you " papa . "|I loved you ... and then you left us .
You 're gorgeous !|You look gorgeous , Mom ! That dress really suits you .
You look gorgeous , Mom ! That dress really suits you .|One does one 's best , love . It 's a long time since I was the age you are now . Don 't exaggerate , it wasn 't that long ago . And you look great . Lots of women would love to look as good as you . It 's a pity your father doesn 't think I look so good . I 'm sure he does , but he doesn 't say so . You know what he 's like . And he 's had a lot on his mind recently with the merger , and with a company as big as Hispania Publishing his responsibilities as president have multiplied .
Might jog my memory . I have a few , I guess .|I 've got to get my little brother from footy . Sorry . Would you meet me again and bring the photos ? Tomorrow , maybe ?
What are you doing here ?|May I please come up ? No , I don ' t ... No , I don ' t really think that that is a good idea , because I have a I have a terrible cold .
And I think I 'm contagious . So I would I would really appreciate it if you 'd just go away .|Just a second !
Yes , just a second .|What are you doing here ?
He looks good in tails . They 're still firm , eh ? And how are yours ?|The same .
Excuse me . I 'm looking for Kate .|I know who you are .
Where are those tickles now ?|Come on !
May the Lord confirm with His goodness the consent you have given and proclaimed before the Church .|Sonia , receive this ring as a token of my love and fidelity . In the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Spirit .
Couple of weeks ago .|Everyone is breaking up . You . Me . This other person broke up with someone in an elevator . Or after it , or just outside it , or ... It got stuck .
Everyone is breaking up . You . Me . This other person broke up with someone in an elevator . Or after it , or just outside it , or ... It got stuck .|When I saw you at the coffee place , I was waiting for him . And I was ... Charming .
Well , go on !|Like you mean it , boy !
Honey ?|I was the horrible one . Well , that 's true . But I have no excuse .
There 's plenty other clubs , all right ?|I 'll see you next week .
I 'll see you next week .|Give me the money .
The bride is charming and he 's a fine boy .|Yes , indeed . A wedding to be proud of , and a priest who can always rise to the occasion .
Yes , indeed . A wedding to be proud of , and a priest who can always rise to the occasion .|It 's very comforting to unite the children of friends in the holy sacrament .
Give me the money .|Do you know who I am ? Yeah , I know . You 're a Chechen asshole . Give me the money . Okay , okay .
Who ?|Elizabeth Bennet in Pride and Prejudice . She was too proud . I thought you hated Pride and Prejudice . Or was she too prejudiced and Mr. Darcy is too proud ? I can 't remember .
I can get you more . Much more . Just ...|On your knees . Do it .
On your knees . Do it .|Please .
Nothing . Whatever else anything is , it ought to begin by being personal .|My head is starting to get fuzzy .
My head is starting to get fuzzy .|Why did you stop by again ? I forget .
Better get this to your brother .|Thank you , my friend .
Gordon and Smith , right ? You are ? Let 's just say I 'm connected with the Home Office . You people haven 't been cleared to conduct operations within the U.K. We 're investigating our own agent . It 's none of your concern . Actually , he 's our asset . Your " asset " is wanted for murder in the U.S. Look , he 's our man , so you can sod off back to Kentucky before I file an official protest with the U.S. Embassy .|Clear ?
I knew it wasn 't possible .|Sometimes a guy just wants the impossible .
Allahu Akbar . Yeah , man .|Cheers .
Sit down . Come on .|Ilyana !
Yes , I am . Why don 't you run off with him ? What are you waiting for ?|I don 't actually know him .
Previously on " Legends " ... Martin 's been framed for murder . I convince him to surrender to you . You protect Martin from the FBI . But what about you , Curtis ? What brings you back to Prague ? How much did my brother and I pay you ? I will take care of it . Please , I beg you .|Dmitry just saved my life .
I only know him through ...|You won 't believe this . Let me guess .
Dmitry just saved my life .|I don 't remember my real father . You took care of me and my mum after he died . Do you mind carrying my backpack through ? Kate 's in trouble . She 's on her way to Paris with some kid who 's gonna martyr himself . Watch the bumps , eh ?
Xacinto , this is a very special day for me . I 've got no appetite . I 'm too worried about everything . You needn 't worry about anything anymore . It all worked out perfectly . Your daughter is happily married . What more do you want ?|Mom , Dad and Rosendo are taking a long time , aren 't they ? Yes , and I think it 's rude of both of them . They 've probably gone out for a cigarette .
I found out my parents were from Chechnya , but my Mum kept it secret . I realized my whole life was a lie . I make my own decisions now . What does your Mum think about the new path you 've chosen ? I don 't really care . Well , the Holy Quran says " You should be kind to your parents , say not a word to them of contempt , not repel them , but address them in terms of honor . "|Isn 't Ifti coming to breakfast ?
Although ...|Could I just make a suggestion ?
Do you regret what happened between us ? It 's useless to want to change the past . But it won 't happen again !|We should try to be reasonable and look for some way out . There is no way out . You 're my daughter 's husband !
Could I just make a suggestion ?|What ?
Ifti ? Just a sec .|What 's keeping you ? Nothing . I 'm ready now .
Show me why I 'm here .|I put hidden compartments in three trucks . More if you like .
Why would you meet somebody you 're crazy about ? I hardly think I need to take advice from a person who ...|I can see I bring out the worst in you . Let me help you to not say something you 'll torture yourself about for years to come .
Thank you for the daisies .|You take care .
You take care .|I will .
I will .|Goodbye .
Come on , let 's go home . Oh , my feet are killing me .|The hell with these people ! You shouldn 't say " hell . " 18 months of knocking on doors , pounding the pavement , and what do we have to show for it ? I think I need new insoles . 18 months , Hanson .
We haven 't baptise a single soul . What 's the point ? The work we 're doing is holy . Have faith . Hey , Bible boys .|Teach us how to pray . Yeah , we get down on our knees for you .
And we will meet .|But I 'm in the middle of a project that needs tweaking .
Am I married ? What kind of question is that ?|How can you ask me that ? Don ' t you know me at all ? Wait , I get it .
Ballard ?|Oh , I , uh , I told you , I don 't drink coffee . It 's a good thing I brought you cocoa .
Oh , I , uh , I told you , I don 't drink coffee . It 's a good thing I brought you cocoa .|All right .
You know there 's the slightest bit of caffeine in chocolate ?|Yeah . I walk on the wild side .
Yeah . I walk on the wild side .|He 's ready for you in two .
His address .|No , he would never do anything that prosaic .
No , he would never do anything that prosaic .|The only thing I really care about is that aside from the married thing and the jail thing is the boat thing .
I keep on bumping into you .|Hope your mango 's ripe .
That wasn 't all .|She 'd throw them out the window and then she 'd start screaming and crying .
She 'd throw them out the window and then she 'd start screaming and crying .|And when mom , your grandma , came to see what had happened , my little sister said that I 'd thrown the dolls out .
I 'm sorry , Nina , but I 'm gonna have to get my chief involved .|Let me talk to Tony . Give me 24 hours . If we don 't find Martin , then we go to our bosses with our hats in hand . But until then , man the hell up .
Over there ?|How about meeting Saturday ?
Great house , great job , and great husband .|I 'm sorry I didn 't warn you . Blazek wanted to tell you in person .
What happened ?|We 've got more important things to do than talk about her .
There it goes !|Today ?
Today ?|I know . In Riverside Park .
You 've been married to that guy for ten years . He never told you the truth ?|What else do you think he isn 't telling you ? He was following orders . Yeah , so were the Nazis .
You know , sometimes I wonder .|What ?
What ?|If I hadn 't been Fox Books and you hadn 't been The Shop Around The Corner and you and I had just met .
Would you boys like a drink ? Oh , um , no , thank you . Drinking is against our religion . I 'll have a drink .|Have you lost your mind ? I can 't take this anymore , Hanson . The preaching , the praying , the curfews , the rules ... We 're 19 years old . We should be in college . We should be going to parties . We should be getting laid . We should be leaving . I need this , Hanson . No , you don 't .
Why are you laughing ? Just wasn 't expecting you to eat my face off like that .|It 's okay .
Who fights about that ?|Some people .
How can you forgive this guy for standing you up and not forgive me for this tiny little thing of putting you out of business ?|How I wish you would .
This should be a happy day !|And what is it ?
And what is it ?|Nothing ! It 's shit !
Don 't cry .|I wanted it to be you .
You 're serious ?|Before the protest tomorrow . Let 's get married .
What can I do ?|We 'll fight to protect your marriage and clean Rosendo of that negative energy . We can do it !
You will wear your headscarf when you leave this house .|She 's our in . She wants to leave her husband . She 's perfect . But is she up to the task ? She 's ready to do anything to save her daughter .
The best whore ?|It isn 't like that . Beatriz is the matron of honor . It isn 't her fault . Matron of what ?
Hi , michael .|David .
Tamir ...|I want to help you . But first , you need to help us .
Come on , please ! I need to be alone ! I 'm not going to open the door !|You can 't sort things out like this .
.Good night . .See you tomorrow .|AII right .
These are the case files from the Dmitry investigation ... Everything we compiled back in 2001 . Surveillance photos and logs , arrest reports ... also , Krystof 's reports , and everything else that was gathered after we were off the case . I dug them out of storage last night . It was cold and smelly down there , so I hope you appreciate this .|Listen , I 'm sorry about yesterday . I was , um ... A prick ?
You know it isn 't that .|What is it , then ?
This one 's been wiped .|Let 's do an inventory , and find out what was in these drawers . harold , inventory of the drawer , please .
Don 't go on the defensive with me , it doesn 't work .|I know you , and I know what you 're going through .
I know you , and I know what you 're going through .|You don 't say ? So now the hack of the cultural press , or rather , of the gossip press , is my psychologist . You can joke all you want , but that won 't sole your problems . What problems ? I don 't have any problems . You 've got the problems .
I assume you drink coffee now ?|Oh , hell , yes .
Pretty fancy forensic work . Thank you , Stewart .|When Dick Tracy 's done in there , lock it up .
David , I found a candy bar . It 's a PayDay . No prints , but the bite mark 's not bad .|What ?
I 'm sorry .|Make sure it wasn 't all for nothing . And I 'm sorry if ... if I got you in trouble .
What the hell 's going on here ?|It isn 't easy to explain , but it isn 't what it seems .
It isn 't easy to explain , but it isn 't what it seems .|It might look like it , but ...
.AII right . .Thank you .|This is a photo from tonight 's pharmacy , and this is one from Mary 's office . Look .
You 're right . This one is considerably worse .|Get out before I lose control and beat the hell out of you !
It 's 4 : 30 in the fucking morning , and I 've been up for 18 hours . .What do you want me to do ? .I want you to question him about my wife .|That 's it ?
I 'm , uh , I 'm looking for Kate Crawford . Is she here ? Who are you ? Her stepfather . Kate 's not here right now . Would you like to come in ?|Thank you .
Kate ? Are you hurt ?|Hey , you 're bleeding . It 's all my fault .
Goodbye !|Have you seen my husband or Rosendo ?
But sometimes you just gotta let things go .|I can 't , Don .
Hey , you 're bleeding . It 's all my fault .|No . Come on ...
I 've been thinking .|I want to be an instrument for justice in this life .
I fell in the kitchen .|What 's her name ?
.Is that it , Daddy ? .Let me see .|Yes , that 's where I grew up . Right over here is where I went to high school , garfield High .
Don 't ever do that again , Rosendo !|Please !
I want to be a lawyer , just like Mommy . I thought you wanted to be a doctor , Iike me . No . Lawyers make more money .|.They do , do they ? .Yes , they do .
What about you , Cara ? What do you want to be ?|I don 't know . Can we go ? It 's cold up here .
I don 't know . Can we go ? It 's cold up here .|Okay .
Stop ! Kate ! You okay ? ! Get me out of here !|Kate !
It 's a tradition . The bride and groom always do that . Customs are changing now . Don 't you see the television ? What would you know ! Some things never change and that 's one of them .|And that 's all ? AII ? What more do you want ?
Look what Dad got me . .I get the front seat . .No , you don 't .|You get in the back , you get in the front .
I was thrown out , didn 't you see ?|Of course I 'm going !
So ... what 's all this about ?|Ah , the old coded message . That was Doku earlier today .
That was Friday .|And that was last Tuesday . We tailed Doku leaving the mosque today after prayers . He came straight home . So he 's getting the messages from someone at the mosque .
Forgive me .|You 've always been able to drive me crazy .
Of course , who wouldn 't want a piece of Einstein 's brain power .|To date I 've made successful transfers of neuroelectrical impulses .
And that was last Tuesday . We tailed Doku leaving the mosque today after prayers . He came straight home . So he 's getting the messages from someone at the mosque .|I think it 's time we gave our new friend her first task .
You 're not leaving . You 're staying here with us . It 's my wedding and I 'm taking the decisions .|You 're wearing the trousers .
Excuse me .|What are you having ?
Wife cannot look at her husband ? You love him . You smile .|I did love him . Once .
And you ?|I 'm actually very interested in your work . .ReaIIy ? .Yeah.
Detective Miskova .|Mr. Petrovich , do you have a license for this firearm ? Is not my gun .
We 're starting a new life today .|I love you , Rosendo .
I missed you .|Oh , Terrence .
Despite what happened , I 'm happy today and things look better now .|I love you too , Sonia .
.So you 've really transferred memory ? .In lab rats , yes .|.ReaIIy ? How ? .Excuse me .
Yes ? Okay , yes .|Well , it was a pleasure to meet you .
You Russian gangsters ... You talk a big game , but when it comes down to it , you 're all as gutless as schoolyard bullies .|You 're finished , Petrovich . Done . We got you .
I 've gotta go .|I 'd love to know more about your work . Can I call you ?
Our wedding .|Being happy . I don 't know .
You 're finished , Petrovich . Done . We got you .|Let 's dance .
But how can you feel guilty about things like that ? At times I feel that I hooked you , that we only got married because of me . That isn 't true .|You know I was scared of marriage , because of my character .
You know I was scared of marriage , because of my character .|And I told you about my problems with men . Yes , and I appreciate that .
And I told you about my problems with men . Yes , and I appreciate that .|Everything has worked between us up to now , and I 'm sure it 'll continue like that .
We 're supposed to be celebrating . We got our guy .|Tamir planted that gun . You know that , don 't you ? You think about work all the time . You need to relax .
It was very ... impressive .|Let 's get out of here .
Let 's get out of here .|It 's , um ... it 's late and , uh , I should ...
You saw this man here ? Hey , hey , hey , hey , hey . Who the hell are you ? Special Agent Ballard , FBI . All right , this witness says he saw this man here . Now , what are these witnesses saying ? He 's a priority Bureau target . All right .|This morning , six men took the girl , forced her into a Range Rover , drove away at high speed . Some witnesses heard them speaking ... English . What about the man who was with her ? The man with same description was forced into a car in Place Des Vosges last night . Also a Range Rover ? Driven at high speeds by men who were speaking English ? Exactement . Thank you . Will you excuse me ? Okay . Fiske . Ballard . I 'm just wondering . You located Martin Odum ? I told you to stay out of it . I know where he is . Where ? Where is he ? Well , I 'll tell you . Provided you get me authorization to make the arrest .
Thank you .|I think that last night
I felt something hard between my legs . Well , sort of hard !|I don 't know if it was real or if I was dreaming . I think it was real , but don 't think it was deliberate .
Ready ? animal rights people know about you ?|As you know , Dr. Krane , neuropeptides mediate .. David .
Yeah , fine . Uh ... I have to go to London . Now ? You just got home . Can 't it wait till the morning ? No , it bloody well can 't .|What the hell ? ! Don 't touch me ! Get out !
What the hell ? ! Don 't touch me ! Get out !|Get out !
How much did they pay you to seduce me ?|What are you talking about ?
How much , Angelo ?|How much ? !
I have a class in 10 minutes .|I 'd be willing to try it .
I 'd be willing to try it .|Excuse me .
Excuse me .|I 'm just as curious as the next scientist , but that would be completely irresponsible .
What will people say ? All of that is between you two . But I won 't wait another month . Either you both agree to a divorce , or you ask for a separation . Whatever . Otherwise , forget about me . I can 't do that . You know I love you . Don 't talk rubbish . If you can 't forget me , prove it to me ! You know I can 't forget you . You 're thinking what I am , aren 't you , " The Best " ? The same ! And it 'll be the last time until I see your separation papers . I 'll leave you satisfied until then . You 'll remember this . The great star , Loretta Young ! We 'll always have Paris ! Here I come .|I 'm your Quasimodo ! Your Hunchback of Notre Dame ! Where are you , little one ?
I 'm your Quasimodo ! Your Hunchback of Notre Dame ! Where are you , little one ?|Drive me crazy !
Tell it to a jury . Ah , we both know I 'll never get a fair trial . You deserve justice for what you 've done .|Putting me on that plane , sending me back for a crime I didn 't commit and that I 'll be executed for ... How is that justice ? What 's the FBI motto ?
Thanks a Iot for your time . I appreciate it , Dr. Briggs .|Good luck with everything .
.Good morning , George . .Morning , Dr. Krane . .How are you ? .Fine , thank you . .Is that from the pharmacy ? .Yeah. Nasty . I heard he shot a girl in the face . Is that true ?|A real model citizen .
.Dr. Krane ? .Yeah , George ?|I was just checking some numbers . .It 's cold in here . I couId lend you a coat . .No , I 'm done .
And I don 't give a shit either .|Agent Ballard . What ?
... that we 've exchanged this day .|Now , by the power that 's vested in me by the state and the church ... .
What kind of rubbish is that ? It isn 't rubbish . It 's what 's best for her , and for you too if you want the " Hispanic Writers " .|I don 't get it . It all sounds stupid to me .
I don 't get it . It all sounds stupid to me .|I 've known about you and my husband for a long time and I saw you last night on the terrace .
I suppose I should thank you . Suppose so .|I 'll help you with Kate on two conditions . Martin , you are in no position to negotiate ... I run her . I 'm her handler , nobody else . Second , you get Six to let me see all the files about who I am ... Dmitry , John Cameron , all the legends .
.Is that what I think it is ? .Yeah. I couId take a Iot of heat for that . only if somebody finds out . And they 're not going to find out unless you tell them . Come on , please .|I gotta visit the head .
And last night wasn 't what it seemed . I can 't believe you .|You aren 't being fair to Sonia , You 're just using her . That isn 't true .
There . Those are the eyes .|I didn 't know you could draw .
I didn 't know you could draw .|Donna Berman . seattle Art Institute .
Donna Berman . seattle Art Institute .|Thanks , Jeff .
No !|This is crazy !
Are you kidding ? I couId book him on the Queen Mary . Gone . Thanks .|I 'm missing a vial of my formula , and I know you have it . I was gonna call you . .Where is it ? .Just wait . .You 've had nosebleeds ? .Hi , Dr. Stratton .
You know how old your friend Angelo is ?|Seventeen . Your career , your family , your whole life , all gone .
It works .|It was the most amazing thing I ever experienced . I took the nitroglycerine orally to counter the side effects of the norepinephrine .
It was the most amazing thing I ever experienced . I took the nitroglycerine orally to counter the side effects of the norepinephrine .|Where is it ?
Where is it ?|I used it all . twelve cc 's ?
Come here .|I had a bad dream .
Yeah .|I trusted you . You had no right to take it from me ! You 're right . I took something , and I 'm sorry .
But you did it .|It 's always the same !
It 's always the same !|Sonia , what are you doing here ? You took so long I came to see what was wrong .
Like the past is present . Like I was actually there . Do you know murders can be solved ? Questions can be answered .|This is about your wife , isn 't it ?
Any news on General Arsanov ?|Is Six getting impatient ? Moscow is . We 're making progress . What are Six 's instructions when you find him ? They want the matter closed .
Send another taxi to the Parador .|Number ?
Is Six getting impatient ? Moscow is . We 're making progress . What are Six 's instructions when you find him ? They want the matter closed .|We want it left open .
I 'm telling you that your formula works , and you 're talking to me about rats .|Okay .
She doesn 't want to reconsider right now . She wants to be alone .|She 's got reasons to hate me .
And a brain scan wouldn 't be a bad idea , just to make sure you have one .|It 's not funny .
It 's my heart . It 's my experiment . If somebody finds out about this ... .|You 're right . I 'm sorry .
You 're right . I 'm sorry .|If there was another way , I would have done it . But what 's done is done .
I 'm so sorry , Curtis .|That night , in the bar ... before everything went to hell in Prague , I should have gone home with you .
But she couldn 't have been more fully armored .|We were all in love with her . She was seen with many men .
We were all in love with her . She was seen with many men .|We all boasted of having had her . But , since we couldn 't prove it ... our bragging soon stopped . Maybe she 's always been virtuous .
.Nobody will find out unless you tell them . .Or unless you die . I 'm not gonna die .|Even if I did , they 'd never link it to you . Most mes won 't find foreign matter unless they 're told to look for it .
Sorry , Loulou , Valmont is busy .|He 's in a meeting . Sure , I 'll tell him .
What should I say when he stops laughing ? Tell him you ID 'd him from the candy bar . But I haven 't . We 're waiting to hear . please , you 've gotta help me out . Look , that 's not confirmed . I can 't put my .. please , just do it for me .|AII right , David .
I gotta go . .No , you don 't . .I 've got work to do . You 're not leaving my sight for the next 48 hours . I can 't stay here .|Okay , I 'II go with you .
I 'd already thought of her . I 've even paved the way a little : " Here is Cecile , a real French girl . "|Too bad she 's so stupid . Even for Court .
No kidding !|Valmont has revealed the news .
But you 're still so naive . You don 't know what evil is .|You wrote so beautifully !
Shit .|What the fuck do you think you 're doing ? Get out of the fuckin ' truck .
What the fuck do you think you 're doing ? Get out of the fuckin ' truck .|.You fucked up my car . .I 'm sorry . It was just an accident . You can 't see a fuckin parked car on the street ? I said I was sorry . What do you want me to do ? .Are you okay ? .Get your fuckin ' wallet out of the car . .Martha Briggs . .Fuck you .
Do you really love me ?|Yes , I do . Won 't you kiss me ?
Nice , but too little closet space . There 's enough .|Not for my outfits !
And it 's how we react to this change ... .|Let him go !
What are you doing ?|Don 't you understand ? If I became your lover ... my parents would give us the money to avoid a scandal . No sex before the wedding !
I 'II fucking cut him like a fish .|Right through the guts , man . Back off . call the dogs off , man .
All of Paris is looking for you . Go get changed .|There is no more Katya .
Yeah , put the gun down . Come on , man .|Put the gun down now !
Well , thank you , Mr. Sedley . I want you to know that everything I have done was in preparation for this moment .|I know you 'll do me proud .
Yes , Jerry .|Sad ?
I wondered why you didn 't come over tonight .|He has some news for me .
He has some news for me .|Okay , tomorrow , then .
Put the kid down . I 'm gonna run this boy .|Eddie .
You were built for better things , Alex .|Possibly great things .
He 's kissing me .|Of course I 'm alone . I was just kidding .
Jesus , Krane ! What are you doing here ?|I was following a lead . Lead ?
I was following a lead . Lead ?|You 're way out of bounds , Krane . This isn 't the fucking Coroner 's Office . Get up ! tell me that again .
I told you what I saw at mosque .|When do Katya and I go to London ? There is one thing thing you must do first .
You must become close .|Close ? At the mosque , at market ... chitchat . Become good friends .
Who knows me better than you ?|Not in the mood ? I live by my principles . I won 't cheat on my current lover , even with you . Well , you 'll be free tonight . How proud he must be ! He came , he saw , he conquered .
First , a high official 's wife introduces him to French love ...|Finally , he conquers an innocent girl ... with a couple of million dollars ...
Finally , he conquers an innocent girl ... with a couple of million dollars ...|Enough to make her a perfect wife . Wait ! That 's the soft spot ! Instead of marrying virtue , he shall marry vice !
Most children cannot be still at prayers . Want to know my secret ?|Wise woman .
She 's different from you . But young enough to be molded .|The way you molded me .
And your husband , he attends mosque regularly , but you never once .|And now all of a sudden , here you are . I didn 't know if this was the right path for me , for my daughter . And what changed your mind ?
And now all of a sudden , here you are . I didn 't know if this was the right path for me , for my daughter . And what changed your mind ?|The story of first Muhammad 's wife , Khadijah .
The story of first Muhammad 's wife , Khadijah .|Knowing there is room in our faith for strong woman .
Jamilla is one who delivers messages to General Arsanov , not her husband . Now Doku thinks you two are friends ... He will believe you when you tell him . Tell him what ? That Jamilla told you about Arsanov , the messages . But she has not spoken of it . Why do I lie ? If Doku can 't trust Jamilla , he will send someone else to general . You must persuade him to send you .|Doku will hurt her . Convince him not to .
I promise .|I must go .
You 've learned how to ski ? I saw you going downhill . Not bad .|But watch your arms . They 're like a windmill !
I 'll figure it out . I know you very well .|This time , though , it 'll be hard to guess .
This time , though , it 'll be hard to guess .|Excuse me .
Something what makes her very proud .|How she 's honored that you choose her to bring your messages to General Arsanov .
Thanks , I really appreciate it . And I " II try to be back by Monday , okay ?|Okay . Thanks . Bye .
.Found it . .It " s not on yet ?|Are you ready ?
Stop there . You will need more than broom , little man .|It 's okay . Cigarettes . Go .
" Her name is Marianne .|" She 's married to a young civil servant ... " who 's now attending a conference abroad .
Where can I drop you off ?|How about your house ?
" She 's originally Danish .|" Her accent , slips of the tongue , and simplicity have enchanted me .
I need you to make a problem go away .|Who ? Her name is Jamilla . She 's a house cleaner .
Who ? Her name is Jamilla . She 's a house cleaner .|I don 't kill woman .
The nitro . Where " s the nitro ?|Open your mouth .
Do you know what it " s like to live with that ?|I can " t even take my kids to the store . people are whispering and staring at me .
I convinced Simon you can run Kate , but you have to stay out of sight .|I 'm an orphan .
No . But you do have someone who 's counting on you .|Katya .
Come on . I don 't bite .|Your mother and your father .
" You can only fail as an attacker .|" But I will triumph .
" It pays to have friends in the enemy camp . "|Worse and worse . Trouble , and a trial ... A trial ? Do you know how to calculate rents ? I own a small house in Paris . Two more cards , please . I must have made a mistake in my figures . I may get in trouble . It 's troublesome , an house . Marianne , I told you to say " a " house .
It was my fault .|My drinking was out of control .
But faith ... praise be Allah ... Has become my anchor .|Mine , too . You 're safe now . You 're home .
I apologized , but ... .|Things were never the same after that .
" Virtue is best conquered with the truth .|" I decided to cast off my mask ... " and tell her about my conquests . "
Things were never the same after that .|The day before she died she said that we had to talk .
She said we had to start taking responsibility for our relationship .|I figured she wanted a divorce so I went out and got drunk .
I liked you better before . So I 've lost .|I told myself , " If she knows me as I am ... " and still doesn 't lose hope ...
I told myself , " If she knows me as I am ... " and still doesn 't lose hope ...|" she may be able to help me . "
He 's screwing Doku Zakayev 's wife .|It 's good work . You can go .
I have all the equipment I need . No one needs to know . I couId do the tests myself . Do you know what you " re asking me to do here ?|He " s out of control . He " s not going to stop until he finds the man who killed his wife . I know that .
He " s out of control . He " s not going to stop until he finds the man who killed his wife . I know that .|You have to admit , it " s possible , right ?
A Muslim and married .|I guess they 're not as strict as the Mormons .
Some of things you said last night struck me as odd . Like the fact that Mary never told you she was pregnant .|I " ve been through a divorce , I know what can happen .
This comes from top , from Doku . He thinks you betrayed him . No ! No ! So , you must run .|I take off gag . You don 't scream . No ?
I 'll give you money .|I told you wait in car .
I " II be right back .|.What are you doing here ? .We need to talk .
What 's this called again ? Djepelgesh .|Shame on your mother for teaching you nothing of our traditions . You used to steal it from my plate .
.I " m not talking to you , I " m calling the cops . .Who was she seeing ?|I just came from a paternity test . That baby wasn " t mine . Why are you doing this ? kelly , if you don " t tell me what was going on .. Are you going to hit me the way you did Mary ? .I never hit her and you know it . .Do I ?
" She 'll feel remorse ... " and I won 't assuage it .|" She believes in chastity , but will sacrifice it for me .
I just came from a paternity test . That baby wasn " t mine . Why are you doing this ? kelly , if you don " t tell me what was going on .. Are you going to hit me the way you did Mary ? .I never hit her and you know it . .Do I ?|Did you ever stop and think for one moment that I might actually be innocent ? To be perfectly honest no .
My name 's Valmont . My husband has made a reservation for me . Certainly . I 'll have your bags brought up .|I owe you an explanation . Don 't bother . The explanation is charming . Congratulations . I should have ...
What are you doing here ?|I , uh ...
I , uh ...|Is this my father ?
Excuse me . Inspector Gabriela Miskova . You are MI6 , right ? I think you 've been reading too many spy novels , love . Where is Dmitry Petrovich ? I have no idea who that is . Bullshit .|I know for a fact that he was in the custody of FBI Special Agent Curtis Ballard in Paris . Then he was turned over to CIA . Petrovich was an asset to MI6 . CIA didn 't grab him without asking permission . Perhaps this ... Agent Ballard , is it ? He may be able to shine some light on the subject . He could ... but he blew his brains out .
I know for a fact that he was in the custody of FBI Special Agent Curtis Ballard in Paris . Then he was turned over to CIA . Petrovich was an asset to MI6 . CIA didn 't grab him without asking permission . Perhaps this ... Agent Ballard , is it ? He may be able to shine some light on the subject . He could ... but he blew his brains out .|I fail to see why any of this is relevant to the summit . In 2001 , Petrovich was a business associate of Doku Zakayev and his brother , Tamir . I know you have eyes on Tamir in relation to the summit . Did springing Petrovich have something to do with Tamir ?
I 'm sitting with Court and Cecile .|Bring Marianne over .
Bring Marianne over .|After what I confessed ?
This is not gonna get those girls back .|You were right .
You were right .|Come on , you guys . I got four stiffs .
You told her about me so introduce me .|You think it 'll work out ? All of us together ?
That 's not good .|Jesus . I 'm calling Hardy and Brenner . No . I 'll handle it .
My brothers . Why didn 't you come to me ?|You and Aunt Malika have been so kind .
I didn 't want to put you in any more danger than I already have .|I thought ... I 'll find a policeman . Leave you out of it .
I thought ... I 'll find a policeman . Leave you out of it .|But as soon as I was out the window , I knew I 'd made a terrible mistake .
I 'm so sorry .|It will never happen again , Uncle , I swear .
You know her parents are members of the Communist Party of Great Britain ? Well , their politics have nothing to do with her . The Service views it as a security risk .|You 've had your fun , boy . Now break it off . You can 't tell me how to live my life . You know that 's not true .
She was having an affair .|No . Cheating on a sweetheart like you . GIeick , don " t . I " m telling you , don " t .
Press the button .|My dearest Cecile ...
A recorded voice carries at night .|We 'll smother the sound .
We 'll smother the sound .|Turn it on now .
Because there " s no physical evidence . Somebody else came into that room and killed my wife .|It must have been her boyfriend , the detective .
It is not your concern .|I wish there was a way I could lift the weight you carry .
I wish there was a way I could lift the weight you carry .|Doku asked me to deliver message to general .
Doku asked me to deliver message to general .|When ? Tomorrow morning .
A man in love has dreadful secret thoughts .|How many times I 've undressed you in my mind !
You 're crying ?|Almost . Stay if you want . I 'll sleep in the armchair .
Are you certain ?|At your age ... one imagines that love comes suddenly ... like a disease .
At your age ... one imagines that love comes suddenly ... like a disease .|That isn 't true .
I know how to get her back ... without compromising his bloody operation . How ?|I 'll become Dmitry again .
Blood alcohol level , 2.5 .|That " s a Iot of booze there , Doc .
Pretty stressful job , cutting up bodies all day long .|You gotta unwind somehow . I understand . What 's it take with you , a pint ?
Luxembourg Radio .|And now , Name That Tune !
Daddy ! My girls .|Those are my girls !
A Jacques Benetin presentation ... of a Jacques Antoine program , brought to you by ...|Duff Shampoo !
Mm .|Petrovich .
What a storm ! My taxi got stuck twice .|It took some courage to come . I didn 't expect it to be this bad . How will you get back ? No chance for a cab tonight .
Scare your little girls . " Daddy , don 't ! "|" " Shut up , Mary ! Can you just shut up ? " " " " Oh , my God . What have I done ? " "
" " Shut up , Mary ! Can you just shut up ? " " " " Oh , my God . What have I done ? " "|Based on the physical evidence , we estimate the time of death at 10 : 00 p.m.
It doesn " t look good .|" I 'm sorry . I never meant to hurt you and the girls . " " " Sometimes , my temper overcomes me . " " " " I " m sorry . " "
Hi , Gabi . Thank you for coming .|My friend is dead ... because of you .
How are you feeling ?|.It " s the right thing to do . .No !
That job doesn 't come with a house .|Come and have a look .
Come and have a look .|Perfect for a nursery , right ?
Shapa ?|How do you know my name ? I 'm Ilyana , wife of Doku . I have a note from my husband for the man you work for .
I " m glad you " re here .|So am I.
I don 't drink . After your " expedition , " you need it . Here , drink . You found a room ? Yes , at the Mont Blanc . Valmont always gets what he wants . On which floor ?|I don 't know . It 's Room 19 .
Money ?|You 'll get the rest when the work is done in Prague .
Shall we dance ? I 'm not in the mood . Come on .|I promise to be amusing .
I promise to be amusing .|Valmont is very attracted to her .
Something happened at the lab . I have to go . What ? I don " t know . They told me to get there as soon as I couId . .Are you gonna be all right ? .Yeah , I " m fine .|Okay .
You 'll get the rest when the work is done in Prague .|Dmitry was a Renaissance man . Drug trafficking , extortion , suspect in three murders and the ... attempted murder of an FBI agent .
You 've got a problem .|What 's that ?
Tell me how to help you find Kate .|If I agreed to spy on my husband help find the general , you ...
I asked the nurse if it was okay to come in . I can come back later if you want .|No .
Midnight , Marianne .|Happy New Year .
What does the name Joseph Bodner mean to you ?|Nothing . You never met or heard of a Joseph Bodner ?
You don 't understand . I 'm sure I don 't .|But I obviously treated you very badly .
It 's our eleventh New Year . Almost all our friends are divorced .|We know how to love each other .
Not before you explain . You 're in your own room , but I still insist you leave .|I see .
I see .|There are no vacant rooms . I gave you mine . Is that a crime ? You lied to me . Get out .
So she " s this bigwig Assistant DA . She doesn " t make a Iot of friends in that job . I " ve been through all her cases . I never found anything . The only one who knows what happened is Joseph Bodner , and he " s not talking .|Why ?
If I find out anything else , I " II let you know .|I hate being wrong . And if I " m wrong about you , I wanna be the first to know .
You made me change .|You have no right to kick me out . I ask only this ... allow me to see you occasionally .
I don " t know . There was some kind of explosion .|They said maybe it was a gas leak or something . .Are you okay ? .No.
Leave me alone .|Go away . Do you hear me ? Get out !
Is that all you care about ?|A bullet passed through the cerebral hemisphere destroying the brain functions . unfortunately , there was enough left of the mid.brain to drive the heart and the lungs .
Pray for her that she won 't give in .|Are you jealous ?
Are you jealous ?|Just calculating .
We " d pull the plug if there was one , but technically he " s still alive .|He could outlive all of us and not even know it .
We 're people of honor , Valmont .|We don 't allow untruths , so destructive for other couples . I didn 't lie to you .
He could outlive all of us and not even know it .|It " s sad how many seIf.infIicted gunshot wounds end up just like this .
I gotta get back to my rounds .|.Thank you , Dr. Smoot , I appreciate it . .It " s a pleasure .
There was another man in tonight asking about Mr. Bodner . Detective GIeick ? He didn " t give his name . could have been a cop .|Thank you .
Thank you .|He knows everything .
He knows everything .|What are you thinking ?
Oh .|That 's beautiful , Katya . Did Mama make it for you ? No ?
Don 't worry .|I 'm going to make everything okay .
Don 't lose more time . Seduce her .|Then drop her in your usual manner ... without emotion . How much time do I have ?
Let me do it .|Why not ? My heart " s stronger .
Why not ? My heart " s stronger .|You just had a heart attack .
Backstopped the last 14 years . Detained in Belarus fall of ' 01 , French prison ' 04 to ' 09 . Minor violations Portugal , Holland . Think so we 're good to go there . What about you lot ? What 's the play for approaching Tamir ? You said Dmitry turning up would be too much of a coincidence . What if it wasn 't ? How do you mean ? I think I can use Ballard 's visit to convince Tamir that Dmitry 's turned up for a good reason .|If it works , your friend won 't have died for nothing .
Stick gun in his face . Ask him , " How did you find me ? "|And he said I told him ?
Last night meant nothing .|You know ?
I 'm sorry .|I have hot temper .
I don 't love him . I love Danceny . But you acted like you loved him .|I 'm ashamed . I cried . In love , you 're only ashamed once . It 's for Danceny . Instead of becoming wiser , you 're sillier .
Are you sure you wanna do this ?|Yes .
Yes .|I " m gonna tape you in for your own protection . Is that necessary ? I don " t know , but I " m not taking any chances . He committed suicide . It " s okay . Come on .
Ah . Spaseeba .|What about you ? I don 't drink anymore . Why ? No dope , no drink , no fun . It 's not so bad .
God 's will ... and a bit of monkey business .|Yeah ? I could use a little monkey business .
If Court found out ... he wouldn 't marry you . I don 't care .|Danceny wouldn 't either .
The CSF belongs to Joseph Bodner .|Okay .
Okay .|What are you doing ?
How complicated . Why do we need men at all ? We can 't help it , I 'm afraid .|Face the truth squarely .
Let me do it .|Don " t !
But you made a mistake .|To make love to a man and then shut the door in his face ? It 's bad manners , and dangerous .
He needs me and I wanna be with him . .I thought we had something . .We did .|I care about you very much . But I Iove David .
Stay here . talk to me . Look at me !|You have to untie me . I have to get him to a hospital . Hurry !
But now you make sure ... life moves on for him .|You understand ?
I have many ways of amusing myself .|No , Valmont , you 're mistaken .
What " s wrong with him ? You 're a good cop , Joey .|Any partner that lets his partner retire on a policeman " s pension is a sorry.ass son.of.a.bitch. I can " t let that happen to you .
The Service has asked about you .|They 're still willing to take you on . You mean now that my Commie wife is dead ? Look ... you 've had a blow . Crushing , really .
What did I do to deserve this ?|All right , I 'll be frank .
All right , I 'll be frank .|You 're intelligent and sensitive enough to comprehend . Marianne is married . Her husband is still away . Your company could compromise her .
You 're intelligent and sensitive enough to comprehend . Marianne is married . Her husband is still away . Your company could compromise her .|So she won 't see you anymore . And she 's correct .
So she won 't see you anymore . And she 's correct .|Please do not insist .
It might be your only choice .|Just help me out of here .
" She gave me everything .|" Let me tell you how I did it .
.Is this how he knew about Eddie Dutton ? .No , it " s a project I " m working on in my lab .|I know all about your lab , Professor . I " m the guy that made it go bye.bye.
Curtis !|Curtis ! Oh , my God . Dmitry ... took my car . It 's all right .
You must eat , Katya . You haven 't touched anything for days .|I 'd rather starve to death than marry that old man .
I asked for a post 7,000 miles from here ...|I 'm being sent to the island of Reunion . That 's crazy .
I 'm going to tell you a secret .|You will not have to marry him .
There " s our boy , Joey .|.Better take this . It " s clean . .I " m not killing anyone , Don .
To abandon your job and wife ? That doesn 't matter anymore . You may still change your mind . No . I 'm leaving this month . But let me clear my name first .|I 'm leaving France ... because I have no hope you 'll ever forgive me for hurting you . " I wasn 't wasting time .
I was smart enough to figure it out .|Jesus Christ .
Disgust .|You made me realize that .
Tamir found out who killed his brother . Russian pig called Dmitry . So Tamir went to kill him . But Dmitry came after me . The only way Dmitry is alive is if he killed Tamir .|My God . What do we do ? What do we do ?
Things got out of hand .|A fire gets started . Monster " s gonna kill me . You could turn state " s evidence . Both victims expire on the spot from smoke inhalation .
President Arsanov wishes to marry your cousin Katya .|Katya ? Why ? He will take a second wife .
It 's about being partners with Don Bresler .|So is this , Joey . You sold me out to that lawyer you " ve been fucking . Bye.bye , Joey .
How ?|I need to speak someone in charge .
Impressive .|You took care of Bodner while Eddie came over here to kill Mary .
" For my attack , I chose the theme 'to have you or to die . '|" Women imagine that their repudiated suitors would throw themselves ... " under a train for them .
Now , you listen to me , Krane , I was keeping an eye on Bodner . I thought I couId trust him . But he was gonna turn me in , and your wife was gonna help .|I " m sorry you got framed for your wife " s murder . I didn " t plan that . That just happened . And you wanna know something ? When GIeick fucked up and you walked , I was happy . And do you wanna know why I was happy ? Because I thought to myself , if this guy cleans up his act his kids will have a father . But you couldn " t do that , could you ? You couldn " t just walk away .
My uncle Tamir asked me to help two men , Chechens , get into the country . They are workers , he tells me , coming to Prague to get jobs . I give them passports , that 's all . But then I hear them talking .|They say they are here to kill President Arsanov .
He 's a great man .|I knew I had to stop this .
No , don " t .|The kids . help !
Thank you for informing us . Chechnya is new land of opportunity .|Excuse me , Mr. President .
Go away .|I don 't want you to be unhappy . I can 't stand it .
Are you all right ? Are you okay ?|Here . Take this . Thanks .
Please don 't cry .|Marianne , I 'm so happy .
What a shame . The guy 's been through the wringer .|Is he always like this ? The doctors are cautious , but they " re optimistic . The burns are pretty bad , but they said they " ve seen worse .
" I let her hold me tight .|" Then sank to my knees and vowed that I 'd love her forever .
" Then sank to my knees and vowed that I 'd love her forever .|" And I really meant it .
Is he always like this ? The doctors are cautious , but they " re optimistic . The burns are pretty bad , but they said they " ve seen worse .|They have stabilized his vital functions . Of course , they " re monitoring his heart .
" We decided to spend a few days at a hotel in Normandy .|" Juliette , why aren 't you in Paris ?
You there , Doc ?|Guess I was wrong about you .
You 're going to prison , Beslan . President will help me when he knows I 'm the one who saved his life . Whatever Tamir was planning , you were in on it . We 'll make sure Arsanov knows that . He 's not going to save you . He 's going to have you killed .|You want to stay alive ?
You want to stay alive ?|We need details . Who are these men ? What are they planning ? When will it happen ?
Where , his motorcade ?|Or his hotel .
Go . Go !|Police ! Hands in the air ! Hands in the air !
In vain . I begged , I threatened , but he just got upset .|He 's so serious .
Not yet .|But we 're looking .
But we 're looking .|My leg is killing me .
The doctors had no choice .|They had to remove your leg .
Give them a break ... the unusual hysterics ... the biker 's got the blonde . Nice couple ! Stop beating your kids ! Send letter to hysterical woman with phone can we change the channel ? No you scared me . Go back to bed .|Marie , join us at the cafe . Okay . Sorry , i didn 't see you . I noticed . Know what my name is ? Yes . Marie ... marie delumeau . How old am i ? You 're 20 . What else ? Didn 't you wear glasses ? I don 't put them on anymore . Except in class .
No , I can feel it .|They say it 's called phantom pain .
I can 't see anything but that 's okay . I do exercise on my eyes .|What else ? Your father works abroad . In denmark , i think . No , sweden . You quit school for a year to be with him . You know all that ? Fuck , you knock me out ! Why are you always on your own ? Think you are too good for us ? No , i just prefer being alone .
Do you really love me ?|Of course , I 'll be there .
Your mother 's so beautiful ... i love watching her .|Don 't you trust me ? What are you doing , marie ? You have to kiss me . How much did they bet ? 100 francs ? Is that all ? It has to last longer than that or they won 't buy it .
Fuck , karim .|No ... fuck ... karim benani fucks his history teacher .
Curtis ? What are you doing ?|Uh ... It 's nothing . Just ...
He was my Mormon mission companion when I was a kid .|He was murdered .
He was murdered .|I 'm sorry .
Is that dad 's sweater ?|Boring evening ? The corsons are a nightmare .
I 'm sorry .|It was my fault .
I 'll shoot only with my camera .|September in Calcutta . Monsoon ... fever , malaria ...
I 'm listening to you , okay .|Excuse me ... want anything else ? No thanks . Another beer , please .
Take it easy . It won 't be that bad .|Here 's to your mission !
Excuse me ... want anything else ? No thanks . Another beer , please .|I thought you 'd enjoy coming here ... having dinner in a china place ... i can 't stand this stuff . We came here for you .
You really don 't get it , do you ?|I don 't pity you , Curtis .
I 'm glad you came . We haven 't had a good talk in ages .|Mom 's very worried about you . She is ? That 's news to me . Did she tell you that ?
You didn 't keep your word ?|I don 't know how to tell her .
Mom 's very worried about you . She is ? That 's news to me . Did she tell you that ?|She says that she can 't communicate with you since dad died . Right , you don 't talk much .
It 's from Mr. Valmont .|Mrs. Tourvel ... Royal Inn , Deauville .
Mrs. Tourvel ... Royal Inn , Deauville .|" My sweet angel ...
" My sweet angel ...|" everything has its end ... " That 's the law of nature .
Marry me , Gabi .|What ? I can stay here and get a job . At Interpol , fine , I don 't care . We can start a family .
It 's just ...|I 'm not ... I 'm not the marrying type .
" That 's the way life goes .|" It 's not my fault . Valmont . "
" It 's not my fault . Valmont . "|I repeat ...
That means you knew someone was gonna kill him .|Maybe I should tell him that .
Arsanov 's people are denying any knowledge of Kate 's whereabouts . He 's already in the air , heading back to Chechnya .|CIA could send an extraction team . Martin , the U.S. government is about to sign an agreement of cooperation on global terror with the Russians . You think they 're gonna authorize an armed incursion into the sovereign territory of an ally ? So that 's it , then ?
After all the promises , you 're just gonna let her rot ?|Been going through that material you got us off Tamir 's computer .
Suffering ?|It 's none of your business . That 's vanity for you .
Sad ... i 'm not sad .|I 'm tired . I wasn 't in great shape the other night . You get that way too occasionally , don 't you ?
When I 'm with her and you ...|I feel it again .
To my new friends he 's been squatting here for a week . He can 't make a full sentence .|Marek 's not talkative but who cares about that ... i don 't get much of the rest . See you downstairs . Tom ! Tom !
Till then , Danceny .|Yes .
What are you playing at ? Another one . I know .|" Two men for one pretty neighbour . " " You seemed so happy . " What happened after ? " I don 't dare imagine . Call me next time . " Fucking jerk ! He 's pissing me off . I 'm sick of this crap !
Didn 't you love me ?|Very much .
Very much .|And now ?
You little thief ! Why were they in your room ? I looked everywhere for them . What the hell do you use them for ? Why do you need binoculars ? Answer me . Look at me . I 'm not kidding now ! You searched my room ? I do what i like here . Paying the rent gives me every right . I sleep with you mom . Learn to accept that and stop pissing me off ! Shut the fuck up !|You piss me off ! You piss us all off ! Ask mom what she thinks ! Take a look at this !
Poor girl .|Bleeding heart .
Sit down . Don 't stand there like a moron .|C 'mon ... i mean , nobody 's died .
Is that clear ?|The Valmont I loved was a gentleman .
My mom 's the opposite . She has these fits of hysterics ... it 'll all blow over .|You 're hiding something . You wouldn 't have turned up her otherwise . It 's not like you .
You know , my boss was right .|Nobody cares about Russian mobsters anymore . There 's a bigger threat now .
She 's right , you 're stubborn ... you 're stubborn , all right . Honey ? Where are you ? Come here , honey . Come on , babe .|What are you doing ? I wanna play with you . Get lost . I wanna play with you . Shut up . I wanna play with you . Shut your mouth ! What happened ? He 's mean , he pushed me . Who ? Eric ? Yes . He hurt you ? Yes . Where ? Here . You 're okay . Off you go to bed now .
Could you leave my bedroom , please ? I must change . Our friends await me . As you wish . But let me warn you . If you see him now ... there will be war .|Okay . Let there be war .
Nobody cares about Russian mobsters anymore . There 's a bigger threat now .|I have a duty to my country .
But what about Juliette ?|Just do as I told you .
I sought help to make you marry me . What did she tell you ?|That a student shouldn 't marry .
You need to loosen up , pal . You 're pretty aggressive . I mean , she 's your sister . Yeah , and i 'll do what i like ! She never listens . She couldn 't care less about us . She just wants to get laid by guys like you . Okay , that does it . Come back hen you grow up a bit ! Let go , asshole ! You 're the egoist , not me !|It won 't change till you do ! Sure ! And thanks for a great evening !
Egoist ... egoist yourself .|Fuck ... talk about a wild night ! You 've got no party spirit , that 's what i say . C 'mon , fabienne , you can 't even stand .
Anything happens to me , press get the other two .|So ... what do you want ?
A girl named Kate Crawford is being held against her will by Arsanov .|I want your people to help me get her out of Chechnya , so I can get her back home .
Those fags get on my fucking nerves . You 're not a fag , are you ? No , you don 't look it .|Got a cigarette ? Tom , toss me my ciggies , please .
You and I have a long history together ...|Alexei .
Want one ? Thanks .|Excuse me .
Read this .|Read it .
Eric what happened with rene ?|When i got home , he was here all alone in the dark .
The car 's here .|My one regret : I never got to see Mick Jones in the 53rd minute make a hard cross to Allan Clarke , the " Sniffer , " who headed the ball home . Sixth of May , 1972 . The only time Leeds United won the Cup . Thank you , Mr. Sedley .
Quiet interesting from the technical point of view . Good style .|He has talent . Don 't you think ? You 're even worse than he is .
He has talent . Don 't you think ? You 're even worse than he is .|It 's over !
He didn 't say a word to me i thought he was going to cry .|Your sister called . He left just then and i haven 't heard from him since .
Your sister called . He left just then and i haven 't heard from him since .|What happened exactly ? I 'd never seen him in such a state . He scared the hell cut of me .
That 's good . Yes , but not today . What if i meet my boss ? I don 't dare think about it . He 's filling in for you . He 's filling in for me . He 's filling in ... stop it , everyone 's looking . Thanks , bye . I forgot to buy some cream . At karim 's brother 's ? In a warehouse ? Where ? Okay , i know it . I 'll be early . I promise . Okay , see you . What ? I can 't talk right now . Me too . See you .|Each time it rings , i pray it 'll be rene .
Each time it rings , i pray it 'll be rene .|Why do you stay with him ?
But he 's dead .|He rented a little house ... with lots of flowers , roses .
I knew i 'd seen you before . Small world , isn 't it ? Having your hair cut ? What do you want ? Me ? I don 't ' want anything ... see you round ? See you round . Any time ... hello . I must have got the wrong floor ... bye . Who was that ? I don 't know .|Wow , he 's cut his hair ! Marie 's wild tonight .
Many roses ...|And there 's a little dog .
We 'll go by ship .|It 's on an island .
He 's not even 16 ! So ? He 's cute , isn 't he ?|You 're like that bitch chanvert ? Shithead ! Karim ! You hear that ? What 'd you say ? Got a problem . Forget it , karim . He 's an asshole . Get yourself laid , it 'd help .
You 're like that bitch chanvert ? Shithead ! Karim ! You hear that ? What 'd you say ? Got a problem . Forget it , karim . He 's an asshole . Get yourself laid , it 'd help .|Stop it ! Cut it out , karim ! Get out of here ! Come on . Let go of me ! Come on . Let go of me !
Leave her alone ! She 's still a child !|Look at her .
Hold on ! I want to talk to you . First , i don 't know why you provoked karim . He invited you because i asked him to . Second , i 'm realising what a dumb shit you are . You don 't know how cruel you can be .|You 're selfish . You don 't give a dawn about ... what goes on around you . That 's what i liked at first ... the idea that the world couldn 't touch you .
You 're selfish . You don 't give a dawn about ... what goes on around you . That 's what i liked at first ... the idea that the world couldn 't touch you .|I thought that if we were together , i 'd feel protected too .
What truth ?|What truth could you possibly tell that would help her to understand who you are and undo the fact that you 've been lying to her for the last three years ?
What truth could you possibly tell that would help her to understand who you are and undo the fact that you 've been lying to her for the last three years ?|Go home .
Yeah .|You 're a born Eagle pilot .
Why resign ?|I made up my mind .
Now you are no use to me .|She 's confused . She doesn 't understand what you 're offering her . To be your wife is a great honor . So she made up a story .
Maki , aren 't we selected people ?|Aren 't we special people that concentrate on ... flying fighters in tough conditions ?
Sorry to bother you , Hugh . What the bloody hell do you want , Terrence ? Can 't it wait ? Uh ...|A KGB major walked into our embassy in Ankara a few hours ago .
I assume they 'll want you for the interrogation . Well , best go get sorted then , hadn 't I ? Sorry , darling .|Fancy a spin ? She 's fully paid up .
I need a drink .|Tell me , eric ... the other morning ... did we meet in that bar by chance ? Pure chance . Shit ... i liked the idea of a troubled teenager following me all night . You think i 'm a troubled teenager ? No , that 's my fantasy . Don 't confuse things . You 're leaving ? Because of me ? What 's that to you ? It would be a shame if i chased you away . Isn 't that cute ? He 's worried about us . Anonymous letters would put anyone on edge . Not everyone gets them . Is it ? My brother got them too . That was different . That was out of boredom . So what was it with us ? You ... everything you did seemed to be so i could see .
A silver meteor ?|That determined my life .
Fancy a spin ? She 's fully paid up .|Oh , I , um ...
No one 's expecting me tonight . Can you understand that ? No one ! I like it here . I just want to spend some time with you . Is it too much to ask ?|Bravo . Great idea , bringing him here . You 're like the others . Shit scared if something happens . Tough shit that something is me and i don 't want to leave . I 'll get the bottle , i think we all need it .
Bravo . Great idea , bringing him here . You 're like the others . Shit scared if something happens . Tough shit that something is me and i don 't want to leave . I 'll get the bottle , i think we all need it .|It 's hot here , isn 't it ? I 'm stifling .
Is he that ill ?|The doctor clearly said that , if he got sick again , he won 't ... live more than a year .
You didn 't answer . Are you leaving because of me ? This is my brother 's apartment . You now , the " pretty biker " . He 'll be back in two days .|If i hadn 't come tonight , i 'd never have found you . You know where to find tom . What about me ? Have you followed me too ?
I 'm blown . Your joe in Ankara is going to name me . And what do you want me to do about it ? I want to defect .|There is no turning back . There never was .
No new flight intormation yet ? No , sir . It 's totally unknown .|The scramble plane 's taking off .
A fresh start .|We will help you get Kate out of Chechnya . We have assets at the airport and inside Arsanov 's compound . Surveillance as well .
But ... you must do something for us in return .|You and your friends at CIA and MI6 ruined our plan to kill Arsanov and blame it on the Chechens .
Where 's the medical examiner ? He should 've been here then minutes ago .|He 's always late .
Your history as an MI6 agent is perfect . They always wanted him dead .|And we need a patsy to blame publicly for the crime .
Radar contact ...|Is it really a plane ?
What 's wrong ?|The meters have gone crazy !
Sorry , Maki .|Perch position .
The year after I got back , I , uh ... mm , applied to go back in the field . They made me retake the field test , which ... I passed . That 's wonderful . But they kept me at the same desk job . The next year , I took the test again ... I aced it . They , uh , stuck me at a different desk job . They 're never gonna let me back in the field , but ... I 'd rather annoy them and keep reapplying than have them think I gave up .|Screw them , Curtis .
No news from the base yet ...|I had a scary dream ...
The Big Boss wants to go out ?|Yes . Please wait a moment .
Was it Grandma ? What 's wrong ?|Nothing 's wrong .
Nothing 's wrong .|I mean it .
Excuse me .|We 're in the middle of a war now .
A plane crashed in the mountains nearby . Can you see some fire out there , Yukie ?|What 's wrong ?
What 's wrong ?|Your phone ...
There 's no out from them , not for you , not for me . I won 't let a chance at life be taken away from me again , Terrence . You 'll be looking over your shoulder for the rest of your life . The Russians will hunt you down , and when they find you ... And have no doubt that they will ... They 'll put the screws on you all over again because that is what they do .|How do you do it , Terrence , live like this , with your family ?
Get out .|Please .
I 'm not myself with Ilyana and Kate . Not even close .|It 's not fair to them .
Any new girls ?|The same old faces . A pack of cigarettes .
Stay in bed .|I 'll call a nurse .
Then maybe you should let them go .|What can I tell her ? I can 't tell her the truth . And if I just disappear , it 'll only keep her wondering , won 't it ? Perhaps ... the kindest thing would be to ... make her hate you .
Tell me ...|What happened to me ?
I have another woman . There have always been other women .|That 's where I go .
I 'M sorry , Tsugumu ...|We checked thoroughly . We found nothing wrong .
I don 't love you .|I never loved you . Now , let go of me .
I never loved you . Now , let go of me .|Dmitry ... why are you doing this ? Why ? Everything I ever told you was a lie .
He says he 'll look after you .|Goddamit . This is a wake !
Give your name and rank .|Shunichi Maki , 1st Lt. 204th Flying Corps , 7th Air Force . Very well .
Shit happens .|Shit happens ?
Remember how the accident happened ?|Yes , sir .
Two minutes later , Captain Kurashima got an engine trouble . I don 't understand .|What about that red luminous body ?
You call yourself a Yakuza ?|He 's doing it for us . Please kill me instead ! Please , forgive us . Please . You stay out of this .
How are you , Jonesy ? I 'm doing all right , you know .|Getting by . What the hell are you doing here ? I thought you were in Boston . I was . And Chicago . New York . That 's the life , huh ?
But you 've returned alive .|I 'M glad at that .
Tell her the truth . As much of it as you can , anyway .|If she still loves me , she 'll get on the plane . And we 'll try to make a life together .
Could you leave the country ? I 'll take care of everything .|I could go to America . My kid brother 's there .
If she still loves me , she 'll get on the plane . And we 'll try to make a life together .|Will you do this for me ?
Hey , who the hell are you ?|Aniki .
No .|Take your clothes off ... before I rip them from your body .
One , two , three , four ... Let ' s go .|You 're supposed to be brothers , but you don 't look alike .
Isn 't that right , my brother ?|We were orphans , huh ?
Your flight plan is made . It 's a birthday gift for your boy .|Thank you , boss .
Thank you , boss .|See you later !
Is there anything you need , sir ? Do you have water ? I 'll get you some .|And what time will you be leaving tomorrow , sir ?
Denny , this is my big brother . He 's here from Japan .|Your brother didn 't run into me yesterday , did he ?
Your brother didn 't run into me yesterday , did he ?|He 's not the one who fucked my eye up , is he ? What ? Aniki , you didn 't meet him yesterday , right ?
Really ? A bank in the Caymans ? Perhaps in your perverted fantasy you wish to live out your days frolicking on a tropical island with a native boy ?|No , you 're en ... you 're entirely mistaken . If you suppose for a moment we will not expose you for the traitor that you are , you are the one who is mistaken , comrade .
The money 's not for me .|Who is it for , then ?
Y 'all gotta roll without me . This shit is hurting .|You can hang out with my brother . But he doesn 't speak English .
He loves them .|Let him go . Please .
At least tell me where we 're headed .|Go straight for 12 km . We 'll land on Cape Ryu . Wait a minute . There 's no runway there . We blocked off a highway tor 1 km . Landing on a highway ? Are you crazy ?
One child , twice the worry . It 's an old Russian saying .|You speak Russian , I believe .
Where am I ?|Why bring me here ?
Six .|Oh , you betting , too ? Alright . Well , if you win you get sixty dollars , you know . Let ' s see ...
Oh , you betting , too ? Alright . Well , if you win you get sixty dollars , you know . Let ' s see ...|Ain 't that a bitch ? Alright , alright . Let ' s do it one more time , alright ? This time I got two and four at three to one odds , alright ? So if I get one of them , it ' s three times , okay ? Alright , let ' s see what you got now , player . Come on , come on ...
Ain 't that a bitch ? Alright , alright . Let ' s do it one more time , alright ? This time I got two and four at three to one odds , alright ? So if I get one of them , it ' s three times , okay ? Alright , let ' s see what you got now , player . Come on , come on ...|What ? What ?
Sorry .|Boss ! Maki 's Cessna is back !
I 'm an intelligence officer . For MI6 . But I 'm a traitor .|A double agent . I work for the bloody Russians .
The son of a bitch !|A hole in the cup ! It ' s the oldest trick in the book , man !
A double agent . I work for the bloody Russians .|I 've ruined people 's lives . I have ... sent them to their deaths .
What the fuck is going on ? Ken 's brother just beat the shit out of Victor .|That ' s tight !
Show him that picture .|A week after Udo 's return , we took a picture of him at a lab . Look at him .
He evolves , taking in other creatures .|We let such a terrible monster get away .
Hey , ma , these are my friends .|Happy birthday , Mrs. Turner . This is for you ... from my brother . Oh , from your brother ? Thank you .
I 'm sorry , Curtis .|I couldn 't get Dmitry .
I couldn 't get Dmitry .|But I got another bad guy for you .
Don 't tell me ... Your senses become abnormally sharp .|It happened to Udo too .
But I got another bad guy for you .|So you can rest now .
Homosexual .|Listen , you can keep conducting swallow operations and honeypots , threatening , blackmailing the enemy , but ... what if there were another way entirely ?
That 's the monster 's code name ?|How will you call me , then ?
How will you call me , then ?|" Next " ... maybe .
Moose ! Moose !|Hey , come here . Come here . Hey , Higashiyama , come here . You 're out , because you won 't pass . Alright , Moose . You 're the helper .
Tell me . Where is my husband ? Due to ... a special reason , he 's at the Defense Agency .|" A special reason ? " I can 't explain yet , but it 's ... A national defense matter . No more questions . Do as we say . " A national detense ? " He 's no longer a soldier . He works here now . You can 't touch him . That 's right .
What if we take one of yours and raise him like he were one of theirs ?|If we 've done our job well , we 'll have created the perfect double agent . He 'll talk like one of them , walk like one of them , and they 'll accept him as one of their own because , but for the accident of his Russian birth , he is now , for all intents and purposes , one of them .
Alright , Moose !|Pass to me .
Tsugumu ...|Why doesn 't Dad come home ?
Why doesn 't Dad come home ?|Tsugumu ...
Welcome to your new home , boy .|From now on , you will be called Alex Reed .
He will return . I guarantee you .|Mr. Kurashima ...
Mr. Kurashima ...|Go home for tonight .
So I 'm free to go .|Of course .
Go in .|Why me ?
Love you . I have Sergeant Daniel Vega , sir . Send him in . And a cadet ... Martin Brown . The invitation wasn 't for two . Just the sergeant , then ? Let 's have them both .|Sit down .
Again !|That sense is ... coming up again .
Woman .|Woman .
And I guess you are my problem now .|When I have made my decision , you will be the 101st to know . Dismissed . Let 's go .
How much do they cost ? Well , like anything , you get what you pay for , but none of those are for free .|I thought there might be another way . Like ? Like , it 's a natural born right for a mom and dad to see their son . You gave your son up for adoption . The Rices have total control over what they choose is right for their son as long as he 's a minor .
It 's been tested . It 'll definitely kill him .|Good .
That was my piece until a little while ago . Well , once we take it , it ' s ours .|Oh ... I get it . Kinda like you .
Piss you off enough to maybe give up one of these ?|Look at it .
No !|Explain !
Hurry !|So ... you are here .
Keep your eyes open .|Don 't you think it is time for your brother to move ? He likes it here .
You are ... in my way . So ...|I 'll kill you .
He can 't swim straight anymore .|How 's that ? You can 't feel anything , can you ?
How 's that ? You can 't feel anything , can you ?|Do it .
Wait , man ! Wait , wait , wait , wait ! Wait , I 'll give it back , alright ? Just stop this shit ! Don 't cut my fucking ... God !|Get off me !
You turn into something inhuman .|That scares you .
Oh , shit ! You motherfuck ...|Who 's the boss of Little Tokyo ? We can expand , if he joins us .
I know that look . Well , not advice , exactly . More like caution . I think there 's such a thing as doing too much . I 'm sure there is . Like responding to a trespassing beef and then turning it into a custody case . I didn 't turn it into a case ; It was one . Your only case was the trespassing beef .|Now , I 'm sure you meant well , but I 'm not sure it 's professional . Professional would 've been to just walk away from the real beef there ? Yeah . I think there are boundaries . I know . You 're probably right . Well , you got me into this , so I felt like I had a right to say something . You do . But I got this thing . I 'm pretty sure when it 's all said and done , I 'm not gonna be kicking myself for jumping over some boundaries when I thought I could be of help .
You wait here .|Don 't give me that bullshit !
But I 'm sorry ... if I caused you any trouble .|Just think about it . I will . Night , sis .
Light ?|Yes .
Be Yamamoto 's henchman ?|What the fuck !
You really went to town here .|Look , if I was a little cranky the other day , I 'm sorry .
What 's so funny ?|It 'll be in the way .
Besides , why doesn 't Yamamoto come himself ... instead of a punk like you ? Who the fuck does he think he is ?|Aniki 's not good enough at things like this . This ? Fuck him !
Second of all , thank you for your service . The NYPD places great value in your experience .|So we 're gonna take a mulligan here .
I became a monster !|You going to kill me first ?
Let 's start with you . Yes , sir . How you doing , Martin ? I 'm great , sir , thank you . The truth , please .|I 'm sweating bullets , sir .
Lend me your gun .|Go ahead . Stake your life .
Well , we have our first honest answer .|Have you ever fired a weapon ...
Maybe " Next " is not our target to kill .|Not now , at least .
You know , we didn 't always use the collar . But the dogs would tear open the carotid artery . Next thing you know , it would be over too quickly ?|You know , it 's funny . You 're doing all this for your brother 's honor , when the truth is he had none .
You didn 't know my brother . I know he tried to sell you out . He was gonna give up Frontera , knowing that the DEA was gonna use him to bring down your entire organization . He betrayed you , Carlos .|Understand ... this is not just about Juan . Gabriel Waincroft was a friend .
I 'll take it .|How are you doing ? How 's brother Yamamoto ? I ve had troubles , but I have my own family now . I owe it all to him that I ve come this far as an outsider .
Come here .|Do you have to go ? I do . But I 'll see you again real soon , okay ? May I have a word with you , please ?
He is ?|I phoned the base many times .
But , boss ... since there 's an outsider among us , it ' s hard to tell what he 's hiding .|Matsumoto ... are you talking about me ?
Sorry .|At your colleague 's funeral , I finally realized I was a pilot 's wife .
He needs you .|Even while unconscious , he kept calling for you .
Even while unconscious , he kept calling for you .|Yet ...
Shouldn 't you take him home ?|He doesn 't want me to know where he lives .
You 're back . Yeah . How was your trip ?|Good . What 's going on ?
If I have to die , so be it .|Freeze !
Aniki ?|Are you okay ?
Good . What 's going on ?|Okay , here 's the deal . Ever since I moved out of Chin 's place , I 've been sort of homeless . So ... on occasion , I come and sleep in your office . But it 's only when I can 't find a couch to crash on . Jerry , you moved out of Chin 's place months ago . Why didn 't you say something ? Yeah , Jerry , you don 't have to sleep in an office . No , it 's cool . I 'm kind of digging the whole nomad thing . And it 's pretty comfy here . Look , I would sleep down in my bunker , but there are no windows , and I like to wake up to the natural light , so as not to mess with my circadian rhythms . You do realize it 's almost 10 : 00 in the morning , right ? Jerry , you got to get a place . You need somewhere to live . I 've been trying , but it 's hard when you don 't have a credit history . I 'll vouch for you , okay ? It 's ... What 's this ? What is this ?
Denny , run away .|What ? Where to ?
Do you believe this ? Mitch 's body 's still warm , and they 're already bringing in someone to replace him .|Ladies and gentlemen , please give a warm welcome to the newest member of the Pacific Auto team , Mr. Roy Watts . Yeah ! Morning , ladies and gentlemen . All right , who 's ready to move some metal ? Come on !
All I know is , we 're in a critical situation .|A poisonous gas case took place in Shinjuku . Details are not yet known . Some are still missing in the underground tunnel .
What is it ? I 'm busy . Pardon the interruption , but I got a customer here . He 's interested in a test drive .|Really ? It looks like the only thing he 's interested in is the free Danish tray . You know , it 's funny you should mention food . He does have a passion for it . The man is looking to expand his shrimp truck business , and he told me he 's gonna be needing about four or five new trucks .
We just killed Geppetti , so it ' s war .|You better be ready . The Mafia will torture you to death .
You better be ready . The Mafia will torture you to death .|If you get caught , take one of these .
Kosuke Aizawa ...|Is this a carpenter ?
What 's this plane ? F15J Eagle . Is that so ? Do you want to be a pilot like your dad ? Yeah .|Hiroko Shibuya ...
Let ' s go .|Aniki , you don 't have to do this , you know . This is my business .
Alright . Here 's how it works . Now , one of these five strings is attached to the trigger .|You get to choose three . If none of them pull ... we 'll let you go . Honestly . Alright ? Now , go ahead . Choose three .
Connect me to Captain Kurashima .|I must know if the wife and son are okay .
I must know if the wife and son are okay .|Tsugumu !
Go ahead . I said , the dead car buyer had traces of gamma radiation in his system . The only way that would be possible is if he was exposed to some sort of volatile radioactive materials . Possibly uranium . I have to finish putting the lab on lockdown . When I have more information , I will give you a call .|That car was being used to transport radioactive material . Namal could be looking to build a dirty bomb .
Mrs. Maki !|Over there .
My God . What 's that all over his face ? It 's radiation poisoning . McGarrett !|McGarrett , get in here ! I think we got it .
Commander , what a pleasant surprise . Hey . Please come in . Hey , thank you . Thanks , Max . What brings you around in the neighborhood ? I 'm ... here about the rental .|Yes ... well , I was just gauging the temperature of the local leasing market . Sabrina and I are thinking about upgrading to a bigger space . You know , Max , I hear your dollar goes a long way in Africa .
Thank you .|But ... my boy has a congenital blood disease .
But ... my boy has a congenital blood disease .|If it 's a case of that ...
If it 's a case of that ...|Mrs. Maki ... You must believe he 'll make it . That 's right . He 'll be okay . He sensed his son was ill , and fled .
Getting shot 's never easy .|Bullets tend to hurt , a lot .
But if they glance off a bone , get up in the ribcage , they tend to bounce around your insides like dice in a backgammon cup . Getting knifed isn 't any better .|Even if you 're dealing with a pro . Someone who severs a carotid artery . Punches one through the heart . You 'll be lucky if the lights go out inside three minutes .
What are you thinking ?|If I fight him ...
What the fuck is in this shit anyway ?|Oh , shit !
" Here 's the sixty dollars I owe you for cheating ... plus interest for you .|Your brother , Yamamoto . "
You don 't know what you 've got 'til it 's gone , Malone . If you weren 't so hardheaded , you 'd know that by now . Say it again , Ma . You 're hardheaded . It 's a family curse . Oh , no . Before that . You don 't know what you 've got ' til it 's gone ? Right now , I 've got it .|What the hell were those guys killing themselves over ? Don 't mumble , Malone . It makes you sound uneducated . What the hell would you throw yourself out a window for ? You threw yourself out a window ? No , Ma . A guy with a mustache . Oh , please don 't grow a mustache ! Your father did , and it looked like a rat curled up and died under his nostrils .
He 's still such a small kid .|Tsugumu ...
This guy got drunk and cooked to death .|Help me up . Who are you to be givin ' me orders ? Senior officer at the scene .
Men will work very hard for good money . But they will absolutely kill themselves for love .|I 'll find The Mauler .
Those are all excellent ideas .|Neighbor reported loud music . Local division sent some officers by . Found Mr. Pruitt here checkin out the bottom of his jacuzzi .
Will you promise ?|I promise .
I understand your neighbor was bothering ' you ?|Since the day he moved in . Wife and son are staying at her parents ' . They 've been there since yesterday .
It 's not uncommon . Guy drinks , passes out in the hot tub . His body temperature rises ... and his liver explodes . But this robe ... it 's soaking ' wet .|Chlorine . It 's been in and out of the water recently . The whole thing . And i doubt it climbed out on its own . Lieutenant Tao , could you follow up on this , please ? Detective Sanchez , i 'm gonna want to visit with the wife tomorrow . I think it 's odd she 's not around . I want an alibi . Detective Daniels , this portable CD player seems to have raised the roof . Let 's rush some prints on it . Lieutenant Flynn , could you do the honors at the morgue , please ? Wake someone ? And , lieutenant Provenza ... Yes , ma 'am . I need this hurried to S.I.D ... in about 2 shakes of a lamb 's tail .
Be careful .|I will .
I will .|Goodbye .
Thank you so very much .|And keep it taped off , ladies and gentlemen . Because until we understand things better ...
And keep it taped off , ladies and gentlemen . Because until we understand things better ...|Uh , this is a crime scene , y 'all .
Guess they left me here .|All by my lonesome .
This one turns on the sound . This one turns on the lights . And this one makes the horsies go up and down .|I thought that 's what this one was for .
I don 't know .|Just feels that way .
Thought i was bein ' funny . Just wanted to lighten the mood before i told you the other thing .|What other thing ?
About some calls we got at the FBI last night .|Look . First ... have a waffle .
Sammy !|I like to cut the soft ones . Please .
After i left .|An anonymous complaint against deputy chief Johnson .
An anonymous complaint against deputy chief Johnson .|" Conduct unbecoming an officer . " Man .
" Conduct unbecoming an officer . " Man .|The charges which come from somebody in the LAPD aren 't related to her effectiveness , but how she 's treated the D.A. and the FBI .
Sammy ! Sammy !|Shit !
Evelyn ? !|Malone ?
I mean , it 's unethical to even question people about whether they made an anonymous ... Complaint .|Right .
Look , um , I 'm sorry as hell about Sammy . But you can 't stay here .|I need Malone . If they killed Sammy , who do you think 's next ? Please , Murph . Where is he ? I can 't tell you where he is . You know , we have a simple formula around here . Don 't ask , don 't tell . Nobody 's the wiser .
Right . Well ... then i guess i 'm obligated to review these charges .|Correct me if i 'm wrong , but isn 't it also an ethical violation to contact potential witnesses in an internal affairs investigation and , uh , brief ' em ...
Correct me if i 'm wrong , but isn 't it also an ethical violation to contact potential witnesses in an internal affairs investigation and , uh , brief ' em ...|Coach ' em ... stuff like that ? That could trigger an I.A. investigation , too , i believe .
Malone .|No , he doesn 't knock . Upstairs .
He 's absorbed many creatures ... and developed himself .|What a grotesque form he must have ... I can 't even imagine .
I know that 's so .|I sure do hope i don 't find that 's what 's been going on .
So , the water saturation level in the skin indicates he was in the hot tub for 3 hours . At 8 : 30 , the neighbor ... Mr. Mitchell ... calls and says the music from the portable CD player 's too loud . Uh , maybe someone came into the backyard .|Someone Pruitt knew . Uh , he didn 't get outta the tub , saw no reason to .
What ?|I still have my conscience .
Uh , someone turned up the music on the CD player ...|Grabbed the robe , put it over his head , and held him there till he drowned . Sounds a lot like angry wife syndrome to me . Yeah , but she and her kid have been at her parents ' house for 2 days .
Next time , it 's your face . Now , me and Malone used to work together . Just like you do now . So , I 'm willing to bet you know where he is . Where is he ?|Huh ? What ?
Huh ? What ?|Where is he ? !
Where is he ? !|Unlike my genetically malfunctioned associate , I would like to take this opportunity not to wage war , but to play nice .
What was that , you say ?|It 's Jerry . He runs a hooker joint called The Trade Winds Motel . Okay ? He sent the money . He wrote your letter . Jerry ? I didn 't know he was literate .
Come on !|If somebody ever got to me or Murph , we had a plan . Give up the address of our neighbor , see ? That way , there 'd be time enough to even the odds . Put up the gun , doll . I 'm in a mood . Okay .
So , just work your case .|If i 'm in trouble , Will , I deserve to know about it .
I 'm here .|Tell me , what happened to me ?
It 's in my hands , and you 're fine .|Go solve your case .
You have to help me , Malone .|Scotch .
Good scotch like this you 're supposed to sip , but in light of the circumstances , I don 't think history will judge you too harshly if you shoot it .|The meaning of love . Murph said something about it before they burned him like a bad steak . What is it ?
That 's right .|You are ... already dead .
Yes , yes , they have argued before .|Why is that your business ? Because this last argument seems to have been pretty physical .
Bang . Bang .|It 's a cold world , Evelyn . But at least I know how to stay warm in it . Scotch is far easier , trust me .
It 's a cold world , Evelyn . But at least I know how to stay warm in it . Scotch is far easier , trust me .|I 'm powerless over alcohol . My life has become unmanageable .
At 7 : 00 , Alonso ?|Right before .
We have a very hard day to get through . Of course .|No , no . Thank you .
No , no . Thank you .|Thank you very much .
Piercing through the air .|It 's like I 'm a light now .
Come on .|Go ahead . Go ahead . You gonna shoot ? Shoot . Go . Go . Go ahead . You gonna shoot ? Shoot me . Yeah . I would , but I 'm all out of bullets .
Why ?|Your merger ... isn 't perfect .
And then he tells me , in regards to my participation , the studio has decided to go a different direction .|So , where did Mr. Pruitt tell you that you 'd been unattached ?
So , where did Mr. Pruitt tell you that you 'd been unattached ?|In a hot tub , maybe ? Ok , you know what ?
If I die ... what 'll happen to you ?|Probably ...
Here ! Come on ! Come on !|Oh , shit . Shit !
I shall die with you .|What about the evil ?
Come on , Malone ! Come on !|Malone ! Who put out the reward on the case , who wants it ? Go blow , Malone . Why do they want it ? ! Goddamn it ! Go blow , Malone ! Come on ! I 'll be back for that thing in your chest . Why aren 't you at the hotel ? You didn 't notice , they were about to kill you . When I tell you to do something , you do it .
I can 't fall yet .|No !
I have a ... promise to keep .|I 'll kill that evi .
Hey , I can see you 've got needs , and you 're in luck ! I got the best room in the house . Complete with complimentary prophylactics and earplugs .|What 's my ol ' pal from the neighborhood doing packing his dirty laundry ? Does he know Eddie the Cheese got pinched ? If Eddie got pinched , then he might rat him out about a letter sent to a girl named Evelyn . Huh ? Whose payroll are you on , Jerry ? Whitmore . Okay ? Christ ! I got paid to write the letter by Whitmore ! Whitmore .
How quiet .|Will I die this time ?
Maki ...|I needed your life ... to fulfill my mission .
Start again .|Ok ! Ok ! God !
Not necessary . Thank you very much . All right , so the wife and girlfriend are back on the list , yes ?|Yeah , uh , chief , neighbor 's on the phone . You want to talk to him ? No , thank you . I 'd like to visit him at his house . Sergea ...
Where 's sergeant Gabriel ?|Uh , he 's busy .
Well , good night , ladies|That 's right Ladies , good night
Ladies , good night|It 's times like these I 'd much rather be drowning in a sea of sex .
So ...|I have no regrets .
It 's times like these I 'd much rather be drowning in a sea of sex .|Look at those happy shmucks . Three hundred dollars , and they 're king for an hour .
David , i get that this internal affairs investigation is going to be hard on your boss and on your squad , but there 's really no reason for you to get involved at all .|Allow the system to handle this anonymous complaint in its own way .
Just one .|I couldn 't keep my promise to my son .
Allow the system to handle this anonymous complaint in its own way .|Except this anonymous complaint , it 's not that anonymous , sir . Len 's already talked about it . Everybody knows who filed it .
Let 's suppose i have no specific knowledge as to who filed the complaint . Suppose i were just to discuss the charge of conduct unbecoming an officer on its merits , because internal affairs is gonna ask me about it , and i 'm gonna answer them .|And your response will be ?
He killed the monster and left .|Who on earth was he ?
If you 'll excuse me , I 'm investigating a murder , sir .|I really don 't pay that much attention to their arguments , but it wasn 't his wife he was fighting with . It was his girlfriend . Oh , this is the night before he died .
Will he appear before us again someday ?|Hoping for his return , children call out to him : " Ultraman . "
Hoping for his return , children call out to him : " Ultraman . "|See you later !
Yeah . She drives a silver BMW X5 and parks it about 5 feet away from the curb .|So , after that , the girlfriend left , the wife stayed gone , and no one else came or went ? Nope . Except the gardener .
The Mauler found it at the amusement park , but it was empty .|Well , then , go find Malone . Bring him back to me . We 'll beat it out of him .
What time did you see him ? I didn 't , but his truck was still parked out front when i walked the dog by around , uh ... 7 : 30 .|Excuse me .
Excuse me .|So , you both work for the Pruitts ?
Enough with the lights !|Deaf motherfucker .
Yes .|And were you working at the Pruitts ' house 2 evenings ago ?
A friend of mine who went back to the sky .|A friend ?
Deaf motherfucker .|FRANKIE : Okay , let 's get this going . Which way ?
And did you climb mount Everest in your undershorts ?|Yes .
Ultraman .|I like my dad as a pilot .
Yes .|Maybe this would go a little quicker if i handled it , chief .
FRANKIE : So , let 's swap pills . Crank up the oxygen . Let 's get down . And let 's get ... sexy .|Well , good night , ladies Oh ! Oh ! Are you feeling it ? Ladies , good night Ha , ha ! How !
I speak german , russian , and am fully conversant in czech , and i have to move to the one city where half the people are from Latin America ?|He 's asking them what specific problems they have with Mr. Pruitt .
What 's the matter with you ? It 's a special day . Not that you 'd remember .|Oh .
Oh .|You shouldn 't have . I didn 't . That 's the sweetest , nicest thing that anybody ever did for me .
Special Effects Director : YUICHI KIKUCHI|Directed by KAZUYA KONAKA
Abogado .|Yes . Did he just say , " avocado " ? No . Abogado . What does that mean ? Attorney .
Put your turban on , Madame Le Main , and read my tea leaves . Okay .|Ramona , thank Patrick for the cookie .
Are you all right ?|Start the car ! Start the fucking car ! Okay ! Okay , let 's go ! Go ! Go !
Worst , you 're given leave , paid or unpaid , depending , while the charges against you are investigated for up to 2 years .|Next worst , you remain on duty here while you 're being investigated and somebody from internal affairs hounds you constantly . That , of course , could also take ages .
Come on .|You know Poco Rio , about 60 miles south of here . Here . Poco Rio ? ! I don 't want to go to some place I 've never heard of ! Ma , here . Find a nice spa . Treat yourself like a queen . I 'll see you in a week .
You 're so clever at math , Inez .|You share it out .
All right , then .|I 'll talk to ' em .
I 'll talk to ' em .|Ok , and , uh , you think you know what to say ? Yes , well , i 'll get it .
You have to give the money back .|Dust thou art , and to dust thou shalt return . Amen .
Ok , and , uh , you think you know what to say ? Yes , well , i 'll get it .|What time ?
8 : 45 .|All right , then . I 'll be there .
I 'll talk !|Whitmore ! All right ? Whitmore ! God ! Unbelievable ! You know , I gotta tell you , Malone , there is a lot of money out there on that case , all right ? And I hate to bruise your ego , but it 's not even about that anymore . I mean , Whitmore is up to his gills in shit water from his own guys , stolen visas , lieutenants skimming off the top . All right , it is unreasonable . So he called a meeting at the carnival tonight . But the fucked up thing is , is that Pencil , they 're gonna double cross him .
I was certain I was doing the right thing ... Theresa , spare me the details . I 'll probably hear them soon enough .|Frankly , I don 't know what to do with you . Nobody doubts your goodness ... but you don 't consider the consequences of your actions . I want you to use this penitential season to make amends .
Frankly , I don 't know what to do with you . Nobody doubts your goodness ... but you don 't consider the consequences of your actions . I want you to use this penitential season to make amends .|You mean I have till Easter ?
Thanks for working everything out .|Ok . Thank you .
There , there . That 's sloppy .|Excuse me .
You lying to me , Frankie ?|Let me tell you something . Whitmore only travels one way , in style . You can see his limo coming from a mile away . If it don 't cross over that bridge , you come back and kill me . All right , you know where I sing , and you keep the princess away from me . Uh , oh , it must be a hell of a thing to be an only child , ooh , every day is yours . She 's not an only child . Whitmore killed her brother , Sammy Smalls .
What ?|I played at every one of his birthdays for the past ten years . He sure as shit ain 't got no sister .
What did he say ?|What are you doing ?
You guys are really obvious , you know that ?|I stay for dinner almost every time i 'm here . He wasn 't actually trying to put together an alibi for Amelia . So y 'all had dinner together ?
It 's an emergency .|Flight 777 from Miami to Buffalo . Those with small children , or needing extra time may board now .
Come on , Bunny . Come on . We 'll get lots of pillows and blankets .|Yeah , good .
Come clean !|Come clean !
Dottie , lady barber .|I 'll give Helen a ride .
I 'm pregnant !|Okay , lady , spill .
Whitmore 's baby .|Sammy Small wasn 't my brother . He was my lover . When Whitmore kicked me out , Sammy took me in . Whitmore didn 't know . So Sammy 's working for Whitmore ?
I wonder if the timing would work .|Never ridden the subway before . Something about going underground in a city that shakes that freaks me out a bit . Sergeant , i need to ask you a question .
Why did you do it ?|To meet you . Like it or not , you 've got a reputation . No , I mean , really , why ?
Now I realize it was only a loan . It must be paid back . You sound just like your mother .|May she rest in peace .
That was special .|I 'd go with you , but your seat belt 's broken . I couldn 't live with myself if you get a traffic violation .
It 's neat , Stanley , but it 's not quite right . How about this one ?|Bad boy .
Bad boy .|This is a beaut .
It 's too tight . It hurts .|What if I have to go to the bathroom ? Fertilize . Come on !
What if I have to go to the bathroom ? Fertilize . Come on !|Quiet .
I just wanna say that there 's been a complaint lodged against me , an anonymous complaint with internal affairs , and there 's a meeting about it tomorrow , and i don 't know what 's going to happen .|Interrogating people , getting to the truth , and , um , knowing the right thing to do politically , are two very different things .
Check it out !|Whitmore wants to have a talk about how we 're running our operations . Might help if he made an appearance . Well , maybe he 's still miffed about you losing that case to Malone .
Hey ! Whitmore !|Where the hell 's Whitmore ?
Where the hell 's Whitmore ?|Okay , first of all , let me just say that I didn 't want to double cross you . He caught me with the visas . Okay , he made me . He ... I don 't like violence . I 'm a singer . Sure you are , Frankie . Where the hell is he ?
Y 'all are just ... just really great people .|Ok .
Bad enough I messed up my own life .|Rita had to mess up hers , and make me pick up the pieces ... while she 's gallivanting all around the world . She and Tony have done okay , haven 't they ? Tony .
You went to Stone Mountain for the Lazerama ?|Did you have a picnic ?
Do you think it 's my personality ? Nah , it 's probably your face .|Girls ...
Oh , i wish i 'd been there .|No , i 'm fine , it 's just ...
Burn in hell , you fucker .|Shit .
You 're going on a long trip . Bunny , I 've never been anyplace . And I 'm not going there . Hush . I 'm getting something .|Bougainvillea . Palm trees .
Bougainvillea . Palm trees .|You lucky duck . A sky so blue that it breaks your heart ... with the sheer joy of being alive . My heart broke a long time ago .
You lucky duck . A sky so blue that it breaks your heart ... with the sheer joy of being alive . My heart broke a long time ago .|Helen , unless you get out and around , you 're going to end up like that fellow .
So , this is it , huh ? You were Whitmore 's pigeon all along .|What did he promise you ? Castle in the sand ? Something more permanent . Uh . Not bad for someone who started off as his trick .
What did he promise you ? Castle in the sand ? Something more permanent . Uh . Not bad for someone who started off as his trick .|Come on , baby . Put the gun down . You came to kill Whitmore , not me . Where is he ? Buying flowers .
You know , it 's not like i start out wanting ' the FBI and the D.A. ' s office to hate my guts . Just happens .|Well , what am i supposed to do , tell ' em they 're right when they 're wrong ? I 'm not paid to be agreeable . You certainly aren 't .
I should quit is what .|Well ...
Well ...|If you wanna resign ... I have a mortgage .
You 're a hard man to kill .|My family . Your family doesn 't want anything to do with you . But you already know that . Don 't you , Malone ? Malone 's family 's dead , Boss .
Maxed .|Maxed .
You know ...|I put a little money away .
Maxed . Don 't call me Max . You know I hate it when you call me Max .|We 're out of the woods , Bunny baby . Easy Me came home to Papa today . It 's amazing what those drugs can do . 600 smackeroos . Put it away for the gas for our new Lincoln .
Nobody 's worth that much to me .|Wrap him up , Boulder .
You see , you 've now murdered everyone who 's ever worked for me , which means I 'm finally free to take my business legit .|Fuck ! You can 't buy respectability , but you can kill everyone who knows you 've ever been bad .
Blackmailing son of a bitch .|Well ...
Well ...|To not being dead .
The dance impresario . Yeah .|Really ?
Thank you , lieutenant .|That means a lot .
So you never really ripped anyone 's heart out ?|Let 's hope you never find out , Boulder .
Could you do my nails today ?|Sure , hon .
Let 's hope you never find out , Boulder .|Please insert 25 cents for another minute . We 're sorry , your call cannot be completed as dialed . Please check the number and dial again or call your operator to help you .
I don 't know . Someplace warm .|I 'd have to learn how to drive . You think I 'm too old to learn how to drive ? I 'm 72 ... and I 'll be 73 next year .
Guys , let 's go ! Proceed , I don 't want to delay you . You didn 't see me here !|Hello , Mother . Ciao . No , everything is fine . I couldn 't find them . Quit going ballistic , the train was late ! I know , but ... I have a wicked idea ! I can get an Inter Rail ticket . I 'll travel Europe and have my own experiences .
Hello , Mother . Ciao . No , everything is fine . I couldn 't find them . Quit going ballistic , the train was late ! I know , but ... I have a wicked idea ! I can get an Inter Rail ticket . I 'll travel Europe and have my own experiences .|I won 't ruin your vacation !
And i hope you do much better in the future .|Captain Taylor , I suppose i should apologize to you for not having been born in Los Angeles , but having seen you work up close now for several months , I can honestly say that try as i might , I can 't think of any fair and reasonable system on earth where i wouldn 't outrank you .
I could use your little hooligans .|Lenten special ? Free dance lessons ? Monsignor , you want to buy a raffle ticket for a vintage car ?
You don 't trust me . Sibilla Balzarro went to the States by herself when she was 13 !|Yes , I would jump off a bridge if she did ! All teenagers copy each other . We lack major equilibrium , I didn 't choose to be your daughter ! You chose to be my mother ! Your daughter needs to go on vacation with her friends . If you won 't take her because you 're selfish , then I 'll take my niece . Why ? Why can 't I go to scout camp ?
I hope that clears everything up . well , excuse me .|I mean , uh , I have to go .
Close your eyes . And when you hear the music ... dance in your minds , until I can get this thing straightened out .|You 've gone too far this time , Burns . I 'm calling the cops .
Can you not see that ? My wife , my wife is incapable of murder . She could help plan one , if , in her mind , the murder was justified .|You see , i can break this alibi of yours . I can prove you don 't know where Amelia was when this murder was committed . Amelia was here . She was here . Dennis saw her . My wife saw her . You cannot prove otherwise . My daughter was here ! I know she was , but where were you ?
I 'd never dream of asking except for the contest . I do a pretty good job ... but I need to look great . I need a pro . I can 't believe you jogged the whole way here . Well , I 'm in training . I 'll have to pay you later , okay ? Don 't tell Tony . Get out of here . I don 't charge family . You 're doing me a favor . I 've got these terrific new products I 've been dying to try out . You come in every couple of days until the contest . I know my hair looks like hell .|I 'll be keeping strict accounts , and I swear to God , Dot ... I 'll make it up to you when my ship comes in .
Diamond necklace ?|Trip to Paris ?
That is not me .|I was here , playing the entire time .
I knew it ! It 's exactly like Andrea 's cake ! Some secret ! They make it here . It 's really good , though . Not as good as his .|What are you doing ? My head has to be in the North or I can 't sleep . Get up , I need to move the bed .
Andrea , it 's me . Was being free a problem with us ? I don 't think it was . You went to Lucca in 1997 and I let you sleep there .|And something else ... if we had had children , what would we have been like ? Being parents is a pain !
God , I never said that .|He knows we can win . I 'm sure he does .
I tell you , I haven 't seen turns that crisp since I left the Army .|Rita 's got her heart set on winning . She and Helen , two chips off the same block . What 'll it be ? Home Box Office , Showtime , what ?
Unless ...|Unless ?
Great turnout today , you guys . Matthew , can you run to Jane 's Electric and see if she can help us with the wiring ? Have you ever seen anything so beautiful ?|Tammy , there 's a tailor shop down on Delaware . Could you run down and see if they can spare a little fabric for the chairs ? Tell them I sent you .
Because if you do , it 's possible you could tell me that your wife was surprised not to find you in this room when she brought you dinner .|She could visit you in prison .
Don 't you need raffle tickets ? Really , if you made more of an effort to keep up ... you 'd know it 's called creative accounting .|Here you go .
She could visit you in prison .|Do you understand what i 'm saying , Mr. Lopez ?
Yes .|I do waive my right to an attorney .
We 'll see the tomb another time . It 's not a tomb , it 's a cenotaph . All this way and it 's not even a tomb . Cenotaph , an empty tomb !|Oh , it was a joke .
Okay .|There you go . Okay ?
My wife and daughter are not involved .|I murdered that filth who beat my daughter .
Wait ! You 're always running . Not existing just sucks ! I don 't exist for him . I 'm invisible !|He called me " Potato Head " ! So ? It 's a term of endearment . Know what he talked about ? Cartoons ! What will his next topic be ? Barbie ? I gave up cartoons a whole year ago ! What 's wrong with cartoons ? Guys grow up slower . I don 't even know his cartoons ! Who 's the Hair Bear Bunch ? The three bears on an invisible motorcycle ! It was on when I was little . That was years ago ! I used to watch it .
Helen Madden .|My first raffle ticket .
What really matters is the internal part of the complaint . Well , i disagree ! And it is my strong , and , frankly , unswerving position , that this department is best served when we review all legitimate grievances , and i don 't think i 'm alone on this one .|Really ?
Really ?|Well , do you think , uh ...
Say you 're my cousin . No , say you 're my friend .|No , stand over there and scope him out . Then tell me what you think later .
Gabriel is with you ?|Or Daniels ?
Do you know what this means ? We 're definitely not going to get any favoritism ? It means Ed is going to feel at home .|There you go . It 's great . Lordy , this is a wonderful charity . We can franchise this .
If , on the other hand , this complaint were to suddenly disappear , loath as i am to suggest it , there is a promotion available .|Commander Scott 's position . One rank below deputy chief .
Don 't tell me you 're getting soft on me now , Bunny . Of course not . It 's just that Theresa 's depending on us so ... and Helen thinks she has a chance to win the car . I just think the whole thing is getting out of hand .|Thank you .
Are all guys like this ? They 're all : " I 'll be there " , then they never show up ? Guys will promise anything . They 'll take you places , take the trash out ... Once they get what they want ... see ya ! I 'm a loser ! I didn 't get to enjoy the first part .|Are we sure this Aeneas really exists ?
Listen , there 's a special on TV tonight . Siegfried Roy . That 's Bunny 's favorite . I wonder if we could watch it on your console ?|I 'll make popcorn .
Sorry about what I said last night . You 're right . I do everything backwards .|But I still think you 're anal .
We used to watch the same TV shows .|" Little House on the Prairie " .
When I was 16 , you promised me we 'd be champions .|Was I a fool to believe you ?
No , I never got around to it . You ?|No , not me .
No , not me .|My job doesn 't leave room for one life .
My job doesn 't leave room for one life .|Living alone is okay . You can suit yourself . Yeah .
Lieutenant Flynn .|Fill out the conclusion section .
Fill out the conclusion section .|Let 's have that out to the D.A. ' s office . Make the charges murder one .
I write them in here . You never know . I might need them someday . How about this one ...|I could open a store ... No , not this one .
Come to my office , Theresa .|For all these years ... Mother has told me that age would temper your youthful impetuousness . I can explain . Agent Baker has released you into my custody . Until this matter is straightened out ... you 're confined to the convent and to Sacred Heart . You 're not to take in any new boarders . Sacred Heart is a convalescent home with health and insurance regulations . It is not a homeless shelter . These people have nowhere else to go . It 's one thing to give up your bed , and your clothes .
And then , i think it might be appropriate , well , chief Pope tells me that sometimes , at the conclusion of a successful case , y 'all gather at O 'Malley 's to celebrate .|And i thought , under the circumstances , I 'd ...
And i thought , under the circumstances , I 'd ...|I 'd like to buy y 'all drinks .
Knock it off !|I can 't believe you sleep all day and I sleep at night . You should have come with someone your own age !
Okay . You put the pea under the shell .|Really ? Thanks .
I can 't believe you sleep all day and I sleep at night . You should have come with someone your own age !|Get moving !
Thank you .|You 're welcome , chief .
Goodnight .|Goodnight ? What 's this ?
So Werther ... doesn 't kill himself because of love , but because of lack of love . It even says it in the preface ! Anyway , it has a bad ending ! At least he found love . There are more important things than books .|Help , I can 't hold back ! Something is taking control of me ! I have to dance !
Look at this . I can 't find a thing .|You and your dad ought to be getting along . I 've got work to do .
The Mirror Room .|I will if you will .
Ramona , you going to come ... see your dad and me win the competition on Saturday ? You 've got a sprained ankle , Ma . We 're going to win .|What does that look mean ?
It 's too hot to touch , at least with my hands .|You okay ?
Wish me happy birthday .|I 'm 15 today !
Jean . Oh , wow . I ...|I know . Look , you 'd better split .
Sweetheart .|It 's never over till it 's over .
It 's never over till it 's over .|Who 's up for a mint julep ?
I know . Look , you 'd better split .|Take it easy , son . Try not to move . What happened here ? My head . Can 't remember . Concussion . He 's been hit hard .
It looks to me like ...|Of course . Must 've been a leak in that propane tank . Duncan , are you all right ? Hey , Jean . Yeah , you know me . Skull like concrete .
Of course . Must 've been a leak in that propane tank . Duncan , are you all right ? Hey , Jean . Yeah , you know me . Skull like concrete .|You poor baby .
Do you want a cake ? Chocolate , ginger and cinnamon okay ?|What 's wrong ? Being 15 trips me out .
What 's wrong ? Being 15 trips me out .|I 'm like halfway to being you !
Bottle of water too . Cold . Warm weather we 're having for this time of year .|Recycle that , will you ?
But we totally ruined her !|I 'm totally wasting time with you . You 're probably anal too ! I bet you fold your clothes before you have sex !
Great party . Nothing like family . It 's time to turn in .|Tony , bring the car around at 9 : 00 . You know , Ed , you 're a prince of a fellow .
We 're heading out , professor . Just a moment , you two . Come here . I 'd like you to meet someone .|This is Kurt Wagner . He arrived late last night . Hey , Kurt . This is Jean . I 'm Scott . How you doing ? Kurt , you 're among friends here .
Hotel Panorama . You can call collect .|Are you not answering because you 're screwing Silvia ?
Come on , pigeon .|We 've been tossed out of better joints than this .
You look cool in the shirt I got you !|I 'm Pippo .
I 'd forgotten about how cozy it was down here .|You know , if Helen doesn 't win that car , she 'll die . I mean , die , like drop over dead with a broken heart . She thinks it 's God 's will . Then she 's got a big surprise coming . That Lincoln 's got our name on it .
I have a surprise for you , Kurt . Put this on .|I don 't believe it !
Look at all the stars .|They 're millions of light years away . We sure are insignificant in this universe .
It 's true I made a pile of money .|But I 'd trade it all , to take care of a woman like you .
It doesn 't matter .|I have a question and I want an honest answer . What is this , honesty night ? If you hadn 't fallen asleep that night , would you have made love to me ?
Just chill , I wouldn 't have done it !|Your first time can 't be with someone you like .
Late again !|Miss Darkholme !
Good morning , Mrs. Dannreuther ! Good morning , Billy boy ! Care to join us in the stove ? Stir up the liver , sweat out the toxins , help nature to help you ? Wouldn 't dream of it .|Really , Billy . You mustn 't be so frank with Mr. Peterson . If I were to treat him with more than common politeness , he 'd misunderstand and try to push me around . Mr. Petersen is a bully . Billy , Did you see this ? That man in London has been killed . What man ? Paul Vanmeer , a high ranking official in the Colonial Office , was stabbed to death early this morning by an unknown assailant outside a club in Soho . This is the third crime of violence to occur in that vicinity within the past month .
Don 't sing that song ! That song ruined my life ! Don 't sing that song ! Don 't ! A little help in here . Somebody !|If I had to play one more game of old maid ... I don 't know what she sees in these deadbeats . Sr. Theresa !
Wake up , Tony , we got a date with destiny .|Oh , God .
You coming ?|Hit it !
Hit it !|Riley , check the Kitty pity party .
Now , don 't get mad . Just hear me out .|Somebody gave me a tip and I borrowed against the house . It 's fine , Bunny , it 's fine .
Luggage is in there .|Bring it up .
I take it his mission was accomplished ? Yes , but it 's getting on for lunchtime , gentlemen . I 'll see you later , Billy .|Your move , Gwendolen .
I only asked you for two things our whole life .|You never even gave me those .
You can run , but you can 't hide because I 'm gonna rock your world .|And one , two ...
Hello . Oh , hello . No , I 'm afraid we can 't . Harry has this wretched chill ... Now give me the telephone .|Chelm here . Yes . Quite . Absolutely . A hot water bottle . That 's very , very good of you , old boy . Look here , Dannreuther . Would you mind very much if my wife went alone ? She enjoys this sightseeing sort of stuff , you know . Splendid . Splendid , I 'll send her along .
Violations , permits ... What are they talking about ? We 've got the permits . I gave the applications to Ed .|Monsignor Dailey , Detective Dubrinski .
Oh , Gwendolen . Don 't forget to send one to Aunt Beatrice .|Can 't understand it . Gwendolen distinctly said she 'd join me on the beach and I come back and find her sitting there in that cafe . Extraordinary creatures , women . Well , let 's drink to them . Pernod . Scotch . Come on , you tiny little wreck , have a drink . We 're drinking to women .
Kitty , wait !|Piece of advice , red . I 'm the only friend that girl 's gonna need . And I 'll be teaching her what 's what . So you just back yourself off .
Sr. Theresa ...|I believe you know Detective Dubrinski . Yes . Her daughters sing in the choir .
Can 't understand it . Gwendolen distinctly said she 'd join me on the beach and I come back and find her sitting there in that cafe . Extraordinary creatures , women . Well , let 's drink to them . Pernod . Scotch . Come on , you tiny little wreck , have a drink . We 're drinking to women .|Take the drink , but won 't join you in the toast . Glass of Irish . Women . Hitler had the right idea . Keep them in their place . Kleine Kinder Kirche . Babies and the kitchen .
More than anything , I want Billy to make a grand success out there . As you care so much about money , I should have thought you would have left Billy for some rich man . I shouldn 't think Billy would mind , really . I mean , neither of you are in love or anything . Gee , you are a strange girl . Of course I love Billy . Actually , I adore him . And Billy loves me very , very , but very much . That 's why I trust him with his little unimportant amours . And what does he say about yours ? But darling , all husbands like their wives to seem attractive to other men .|Be sure you explain that to Harry . I 'm going back to the hotel .
You called your gift a curse . If you go with him , I guarantee you it will be . Please , Kitty . Listen to her ! Sweetheart , we love you . They 're too late ! You 're with me now !|No ! I 'm not !
Mr. Chelm ? This is very important for you as well as for myself . Yes , well , get on with it . There is now an opportunity for you to secure enormous profits with virtually no risk . I won 't beat about the bush . Our purpose ... For you , as Billy 's widow , it will be very easy to persuade his friend in British East . And for capital , we have Chelm . I do think you have been misinformed as to my interests .|What 's the matter with all of you ? Somebody dead ? Your car . It went over a cliff . We thought you 'd both been killed . Dannreuther , I 'm delighted to see you 're alive , but your wife is in a fainting condition . You mean you 're not dead at all ? Obviously I 'm not dead .
But this is too important , Monsignor . So many people are involved . It 's up to you .|It 's either them ... or you .
No ! Don 't touch him !|Oh , my dear child .
Oh , my dear child .|Get closer . Make your move .
I am so proud of all of you .|I so appreciate all your hard work , all your coming together . You couldn 't have given more of yourselves . It sounds like a swan song to me . You 're going to throw in the towel because we came up short ? Don 't you think that 's being a little rigid ? I always think I 'm doing what God wants me to do ... but I 'm always causing problems for someone else . I don 't understand . I seem to hear God 's voice so clearly . You hear your own voice , that 's all , just like your mother . God bless that woman . She always knew the right thing to do .
The sea air . Ozone . What a pity we can 't bottle it , gentlemen . What a fortune we 'd make . Neptune 's mixture . Now , breathe deeply . Remember every breath is a guinea in the bank of health .|Good morning , Chelm . Why , that 's good . Very good , indeed . I didn 't know you were an artist , Mrs. Dannreuther . I 'd hardly call myself that . I only dabble . The nose is not enough long . The ears are too small . He only has one eye . Now come along , gentlemen . We must not dawdle . Blow the man down , bully , blow the man down . Blow , blow , blow the man down . Blow the man down , bully , blow the man down . Good morning , Mrs. Chelm ! Let 's hope she breaks her neck . Blow the man down , bully . Blow the man down . Blow the man down , bully . Blow the man down . Blow , blow , blow the man down . Blow the man down , bully . Blow the man down . Give me some time to blow the man down . Mr. Peterson ? Mr. Peterson . A radiogram .
Cody ? Cody , what 's wrong ? What did you do to him ?|I thought only Cody had moves like that .
Way to go !|There 's something wrong with Theresa . I 've never seen her like that . She seemed sad .
But she 's a teenage girl . I couldn 't keep her in isolation .|Of course you 're coming . I know . And the others , Xavier 's team , they 're coming too .
But I don 't lend money to friends .|It 's an emergency .
Then let 's warm you up .|Gotta connect first . Got any other party tricks ?
I suppose you think we should keep up appearances . The loyal wife at her husband 's side . No , Billy . I 'm experiencing something that is rare and beautiful and I shall not deny it either by word or by deed . I love you . Let the whole world know it . I love you , I love you . Keeping up appearances isn 't exactly what I meant .|Then why do you want to send me tagging after Harry ? He 's been such a deadly bore tonight . Deadly , but not dead . Not yet . What do you mean ? They killed one man just because they thought he might try to get in their way . Now handsome Harry here is certain to blow the whole thing wide open . They killed a man ? Really ? Who ? Just a man .
I 'll take care of the fines .|You know , Inez , there 's something I want to tell you .
Oh , right . It 's just me ? Great . Relax , Kitty . You 'll be fine .|We 're right beside you . Popcorn ? Sorry .
I like the way you act like you don 't know me at the casino . Yeah ? Why 's that ?|I don 't know . It 's almost like we share a secret .
Stealth mode stable . Leveling off at 10,000 feet . Steady . Now hold it right there . And you 've got it ! Nice job , Kurt . You 'll make a pilot yet .|Thanks .
Scum ! Mongrels ! I 'll bring you to book , every one of you ! Every man jack of you !|After all , it was the only solution . Harry is safely locked in his cabin where those beastly men can 't do him any harm . On the other hand , he can 't say or do anything now to interfere with your making that fortune in Africa . I mean , the authorities would hardly listen to the ravings of a lunatic , would they ? They won 't even let him off the boat . Well , in that case , he 'll just have to stay shut up for a few weeks . It 's a bit hard on the old boy , don 't you think ? Yes , but after you 've amassed all those African millions , we 'll make it up to him . We 'll buy him a country place in Gloucestershire with some rough shooting and a trout stream like he 's always wanted . Maria will marry him , perhaps . She seems to have a very real feeling for English country life . And everybody lives happily ever after . Especially us , Billy .
We simply can 't leave without finding out what 's happened to Harry . Maybe we 'll run across him out there . He 's a strong swimmer , isn 't he ? Do you really think ... I don 't say we will , but it 's possible . Anything 's possible .|Harry !
You passed counterfeit money .|Spare me the explanations , okay ? I 've heard them all .
All this is me ?|Mine ?
Stay away ! Stay away from my ship ! If you try to get my boat , I will shoot you ! I will shoot you ! Get my gun ! Get my gun !|Give it to him . Maybe he 'll shoot himself .
One more turn of the screw and you will come running into my arms .|So does this , like , bite , or what ? The prof says the girl 's mind is confused and difficult to pinpoint so keep looking .
That 's gotta be her !|Please leave me be !
They were going to deliver it to her down there . Third year , a priest won the car .|I believe his name was ... I 've done plenty of penance for those raffles . If it hadn 't been for them , I 'd be a bishop now .
I believe his name was ... I 've done plenty of penance for those raffles . If it hadn 't been for them , I 'd be a bishop now .|Maybe even a cardinal . We 're not interested in raffles , Monsignor . We 're interested in your plans for Sr. Theresa . You say you 're worried about scandal . Let 's talk about some counterfeit money ... that surfaced in the poor box here a number of years ago .
Maybe even a cardinal . We 're not interested in raffles , Monsignor . We 're interested in your plans for Sr. Theresa . You say you 're worried about scandal . Let 's talk about some counterfeit money ... that surfaced in the poor box here a number of years ago .|Too bad they don 't give a prize for the most raffle tickets sold . I don 't need a second prize .
Too bad they don 't give a prize for the most raffle tickets sold . I don 't need a second prize .|Maybe I 'll drive down and visit you and Ed in Florida .
Nightcrawler ? !|Nightcrawler ! Kurt ! Kurt !
What just happened ? Where am I ?|I can speak German ? The fuzzy one , Kurt . I 'm him . Like I was Cody . I think I 'm catching on now .
How are you ? Well , I 'm flattered .|No . No . That 's more . Come over to our new house , and we 'll barbecue . Let 's celebrate this . Sure . Ribs , fish . I don 't care . Anything . Did you ever barbec ... Yeah ? What are you doing ? Nothing . I 'm meeting Mr. taft in 20 minutes . I can 't pick tile out this morning . This is the biggest day of my life . We said we 'd do this together . It 's important . You 're in the kitchen more than I am . I don 't think about anything in the kitchen . It 's your kitchen . All right . Fine . All right . Now we 're angry . No , I 'm not . You 'll get your promotion . Think about this . Good luck .
Good morning . Yes . I 'll connect you . Morning , Sylvia . Morning .|Hi . Are you Bob ? Bob ? No . Sorry .
I 'm being buzzed . Hold on . Yeah ? It 's time for your meeting . OK . I got hans on the phone coming in for the kill . Want to help me out ? No . OK .|He 'll call you back . Good luck . You got it . This is it . I understand , but it 's really impossible right now .
Do you have any idea how much parochial schools cost these days ?|I can see you 're feeling more peaceful , Mr. Doyle .
They were jacking me off . I was on the road to nowhere . Do you know the road ? It 's a nowhere road . It goes nowhere . You 're on it . You don 't know it ? It 's a nowhere road . It 's the carrot on the stick and the watch when you 're 70 . Who was made senior vice president ?|You ? I don 't care anymore about senior vice president . I 'm sick of being programmed like a stupid robot . Phil shabano ! Why ? Phil shabano ! I don 't know why the underqualified son of a bitch ! Why ? Because life isn 't fair . But it 'll balance out . He 'll buy that boat I saw in the catalog , crash in Catalina , and seals will eat him ! You like Phil . So what ? Fine , he won 't be eaten , but he won 't get back to the mainland . Linda , quit . I 'll wait right here . I can 't quit now . Yes , you can . I did . No one 's here I can quit to . Get out ! We have to touch Indians . We have to see the mountains and the prairies and the whole rest of that song . Let 's make love right now . I want to have sex right here , right now . Please , we can do it later at home . Later , OK ? We don 't have any spontaneity . Two responsible people that can 't have sex here ? Why not ? It 's a room with a ceiling . There are some people you fuck in front of ... We 'll find them and fuck in front of them ! Linda , we 're free ! Quit right now . I can 't quit my job . Fine . I 'll wait outside . Look , my boss isn 't here . Let 's talk about this tonight . I 'm hyper . I 'm on this high . It 's real ! Go home . Now , I 've got things to do . I love you . One last chance for a quickie ! Come on !
You 're strangling on your inability to forgive . No .|You got it all wrong .
Linda ?|Linda ?
Sure .|Thank you .
How are you feeling ? Can I talk to you privately ? Come on upstairs . All right .|How are you ? I 'm fine . I 've heard a lot about you . Who were you talking to ? I meant nice things . You have a good reputation . You run a great casino . Is your wife feeling better ? Much better . I 'll present an idea , but first let me fill you in on my credentials . I was creative director for Ross McMahon . You 're familiar with them ? No . One of the biggest advertising agencies in the whole world , and I was creative director , so when I say I have an idea , I 'm not a jerk who walked in off the street . It 's my business . My wife and I have dropped out of society . We 're going to roam the country and find ourselves . Like they did in easy rider . Easy what ? Easy rider . The film ? I didn 't see that film . You got to see it . It 's historic . Anyway , my wife and I liquidated . We put everything into this nest egg . We were going to spend the rest of our lives roaming the country finding ourselves ... just being . We lost our nest egg here . I realize you lost a lot of money . Your room and your food , comped ... free . No , no . I didn 't mean that . That 's not what I meant . All right . I 'll tell you this idea , and please be secretive . If another hotel hears , they 'll take it . This is my business . As the boldest experiment in advertising history , you give us our money back . I beg your pardon ? Give us our money back . Think of the publicity ! The Hilton hotel has billboards all over Los Angeles where the winners of these slot machine jackpots , they 're faces are all over L.A. , and I know that works . I 've seen people say , " maybe I 'll go there . " Well , you give us our money back . If we had a visual where the desert inn handed us our nest egg back , this gives the desert inn , really ... Vegas is not associated with feeling . First , those people on those signs won . You lost . But that 's it . That 's ... That 's the campaign . What 's the campaign ? You gave us our money back because you reviewed our situation and you realized we dropped out of society and we ... we weren 't just gamblers . We made a mistake , you returned our money . You couldn 't get a room in this place for 10 years . Then all the gamblers would want to get their money back . Not gamblers . You 'd keep the money . It 's just , my wife and I aren 't gamblers . That 's the distinction . My wife and I represent the few people ... And there 's probably nobody else that 's going to come and have this happen . We represent the people who have taken the chance . We made a mistake , and the desert inn corrects it . There 's a warm feeling here . Everybody won 't want it ? No , no , no , no . You make a distinction between the bold and all the schmucks here for Wayne Newton . I like Wayne Newton . I said Wayne Newton ? I heard you say " schmucks see Wayne Newton . " Liking him makes me a schmuck ? No . No . I 'm stupid to use an entertainer as a dividing point . I meant people coming to see a show , and my wife and I who , if you knew us , believe me ... You 're bold . Yes . So what do you think ? I don 't think the sign works ... The sign is wrong . A jingle , a television campaign .
The money was counterfeit ?|I can 't hear your voice .
All right . Let 's hear a big cheer for the lady of monster trucks , Charlie Ray !|And now , ladies and gentlemen , the main attraction of the evening let 's give it up for the world 's strongest teenager Fred " The Blob " Dukes !
For the first time in my life ...|I feel uncertain .
I feel uncertain .|I feel ... alone .
And now , ladies and gentlemen , the main attraction of the evening let 's give it up for the world 's strongest teenager Fred " The Blob " Dukes !|All right , Fred .
Don 't you make fun of me !|Hey . Hey . Whoa ! Oh , hi . You must be new here .
What should I do ?|Give me a sign .
Give me a sign .|Please . Give me a sign .
Hey . Hey . Whoa ! Oh , hi . You must be new here .|I 'm Jean Grey .
I 'm counting to three . Then I want you out of here . Don 't count . We 'll both leave . Honey , let 's go . 1 , 2 , 3 . Come on , pal . We got some fightin ' to do . I don 't want to fight . He 'll kill me . Come on , you and me . This is my wife .|Thank you for the ride . I appreciate it .
Thank you for the ride . I appreciate it .|God . You remind me of everything I hate . I believe you ! I understand ! No . Look ... It 's not between you and me , lady . Call the police ! I 'll kill him . Help ! Police ! You don 't understand ! Somebody call the police ! Call the police ! Call the police ? If I wasn 't wanted , I 'd kick your ass . He 's wanted . When things cool down , I 'll be back . You 're dead . You 're history , buddy . You 're dead , pal . I 'm dead , pal .
Fred . Fred , please calm down .|Fred , stop !
Rita . Honey .|Listen .
Pretty sweet , huh ?|This can 't be happening . Professor , I need help . Please help me .
Isn 't this wonderful ? I haven 't been out for years .|I can explain . Theresa , I was going to suggest you join a cloister .
Wolverine has the location . I 'm transmitting coordinates .|Got it , professor . Be there in three .
You look nice . Good morning .|Last night was amazing .
Now , while our six finalist couples catch their breath ... I want to know who out there brought their rabbit 's foot tonight ?|I hope you brought your rabbit 's foot .
I got too much power , even for you ! You can 't hurt me ! I 'm the Blob ! No . You 're just garbage that wanted a date . Now , tell you what . I 'm taking you out !|Stop laughing at me !
I 'm glad I could be your morning 's entertainment . I want to tell you something . I made a statement . A statement ? Yes . Did you see easy rider ? No . I saw easy money . Rodney dangerfield . I like him . That no respect bit is funny . I know who he is .|It 's under the sink . Hi , honey !
But there 's no way you could 've made it down the court in time for a shot . Hey , dude , I got moves you can 't even imagine . And I 'm through holding back just to make guys like you look good .|It seems like that boy has been competing with you since you were babies . Hey , Auntie O , what 's up ? Where 's Dad and Mom ? Waiting outside . I think the boys locker room makes your mother nervous . Right . Some game , huh ? It 's tight that you showed . And miss my favorite nephew 's big game ? Not a chance . Thanks again for coming , Auntie . Evan , are you all right ? I 've been concerned about you lately you know , about the things we 've discussed before .
I can 't believe it !|And now , ladies and gentlemen , by your applause ... you , the audience , will determine who will be the Grand Waltz Champions ... of the Niagara Frontier . Are the finalists ready ?
And now , ladies and gentlemen , by your applause ... you , the audience , will determine who will be the Grand Waltz Champions ... of the Niagara Frontier . Are the finalists ready ?|I 'm ready . Are you ready ?
I have waited for just the right moment to approach this young man . And now is the time . Then we shall extend the hand of friendship to the boy . It will not be that easy . He believes he needs no one . However , there may be a way . Yes ? Young Pietro has long had a grudge rivalry against Evan Daniels . The new student Xavier enrolled here last week . Yes . Pietro has recently taken the advantage in that competition . And I believe Mr. Daniels would like to settle the score .|Well then , I know just how to bring them together .
You aren 't going to tell me anything , are you ?|Nice pyjamas .
Excellent . Then I will take it from there .|This is your fifth run . You want to take a break ? No time for breaks , man . You got me here to train , so let 's train .
And your choice for the winner of the Grand Waltz Championship is ... 177 !|Folks , it seems pretty clear . The winners are Couple Number 177 ! Tony and Rita Annunciata of Buffalo , New York .
Folks , it seems pretty clear . The winners are Couple Number 177 ! Tony and Rita Annunciata of Buffalo , New York .|My God !
That sounds like a challenge . Come on , Daniels . Let 's see what you got .|Trust me , man , you 're gonna find out .
We were a lot better than that couple who took fourth place .|I completely agree , sweetheart .
Birds of a feather Always together We have everything Some like chatting or gallivanting With a millionaire or a king But I 'm hobnobbing with my old friend Robin And singing the song of spring|This is the best birthday I ever had . I still don 't get why we have to give back real money for counterfeit . It doesn 't matter that the money was counterfeit . We all thought it was real . These theological distinctions always elude me . Let 's go dancing . How much of the money did you put in ? All of it .
Hey , what 's going on ?|I can 't hold him .
Well .|Me too .
Come with me .|Look out . Cannonball !
Whatever this stuff was , it 's thrashed now .|Except for this .
I saw your things .|Why did you hold on to the keys ?
Why did you hold on to the keys ?|Well , I don 't know . I wasn 't going to throw them away , was I ?
You left the space for her school blank .|Where my daughter goes to school has no connection with whether or not you can help me to quit smoking , Mr. Donatti .
Well , I don 't know . I wasn 't going to throw them away , was I ?|Do you want supper ?
PRIVATE FRENCH CLASSES|Alright , ladies ... Now we 're going to do exercises to strengthen the pelvic floor .
Our methods here at Quitters Incorporated are rather radical .|As a treatment , Mr. Donatti , they suck . There 's a newsstand down in the lobby , they sell all brands . availability is only part of the problem .
Out of the way !|My lunch !
Here 's something that might interest you .|Watch closely , Mr. Morrison . Nothing up either sleeve and you will notice at no time does my hand leave my wrist .
Jeez , what is this , Abuse the Toad Day ?|Cool .
Okay . Wherever this is , I can 't teleport out ! This is just way too freaky !|It 's raining furniture !
After he died of lung cancer , we realized there were techniques he had developed in the family business that we can now use to stop people from smoking . actually , this is a very nice tax gimmick but mainly we 're interested in helping our fellow man .|For the first month our operatives will have you under constant supervision . You may see some of them all of the time . You may see all of them some of the time , but believe me , Mr. Morrison you 'II never see all of them all of the time .
You get to watch .|I 'm a man of medicine . I 'm expected to save lives and ease suffering , and I love people .
And we breathe ... Not really .|You 're staying at Diego 's . You will bring forth life . This is the greatest thing you can do on earth . Bringing forth life , okay ?
In the meantime content yourself knowing that only 2 percent of our clients ever fall from grace a fourth time .|And if they do ?
If you all want to find blue boy , you better let him go .|This is where it happened .
I 'm looking for work as a French teacher for children .|Ah .
In Berlin ?|No .
Want some coffee ? Jesus ! I assume that 's a " yes . " talk about aversion therapy .|That 's it . That 's it .
Tuesdays ... Thursdays ... Well , I 'll let you know . And the occasional Saturday , if you don 't mind . No , whenever you 'd like really . I 'm available . I have to go .|I 'll be back in three hours . Alright . Don 't worry .
Scott , you 're never to stop a simulation unless you 're hurt . Trust me , that hurt . Why is Rogue in this mockup ? She was not part of the briefing . Simply the element of surprise . It 's part of life . So expect it on every exercise . Well , we 're finished . Better get to school .|Come on , Jean . We got to help Rudetsky load for the field trip .
Magneto , why are you here ? I 've come to pay you a compliment . Your young charges , they seem to be flourishing under your tutelage . Yes . They 're doing quite well . I 'm referring to the development of their mutant powers . I 'm very proud of them . " Proud . " Yet you don 't trust them . But I do trust them , with my life . But not with the truth !|Give that back .
Blue ?|'Blue ' is English . Bleu .
'Blue ' is English . Bleu .|Noir .
Lean in ! Lean in !|Man , that girl is wiggy . She didn 't care what happened to us . Yeah . Where did that come from ?
Let 's go outside . My mother told us to stay here . Yeah , but you don 't want to study . So , we can 't study wherever we want .|Allez , allez . On y Va !
Okay , we 're stuck here . Might as well make the best of it . So in review , metamorphic rock . Question : What has altered it from its original state ? Answer : Heat , pressure or chemical change . It was one thing , now it 's another . A mutation . Okay , over here . Somebody point out examples of other igneous rock formations . How about that , Mr. Rudetsky ? Exactly . Rock forms from very hot molten material . It 's deformation usually a result of stress not weather , in this part of the cave . And here you 'll see indications of ...|Wow .
Oh , Scott ! I 'm sorry .|Got you !
I really thought she cared about me .|Hey , she probably does . Just sometimes it 's really hard to understand adults . They never seem to trust us . Scott , don 't pass out . Come on . Wake up !
Sandwich ?|No .
They can 't find us . Figures .|Then we 'll give them something they can find . Open your eyes , Scott . Now !
Can I test it on you ?|Okay . Let 's see .
No throwing the glasses in the fireplace , we don 't want to wake the kids . The ladies are entitled to break their glasses .|To Quitters Incorporated . To Quitters Incorporated .
To Quitters Incorporated .|To Quitters Incorporated .
What do you want , Tolansky ? Look , I 'm busy here . I heard about your movie . Check me out .|Style , charisma , the Toad 's got it all , yo . So start shooting already . Take a hike , Tolansky . I got too much respect for my craft .
You 're my only chance .|Lucky night , Mr. Cressner . Don 't jump to any conclusions . The night ain 't over .
Not bad , Logan . But not good enough !|Logan , I thought you had prevented Sabretooth from following you here . I did last time , Charles , but this time , he had help .
Does it ? Yeah . It 's like a joke , you know ? close the door !|I 've set you up , Mr. Norris . In 10 minutes , Albert will call the police and tell them a tale of heroin , 1970 Mustangs aging tennis pros with drug records . You 'II be eagerly sought after , Mr. Norris . unless I tell you where Marcia is .
You 're mine !|Been expecting you . You gotta be sharp if you 're gonna mess with the Spyke .
Been expecting you . You gotta be sharp if you 're gonna mess with the Spyke .|Then I 'll take you ! Right . I am so sure .
Back off , ugly !|Big mistake .
Diego , do you want supper ?|Are you going to come out ?
AII little nooks and crannies weird wind comes around .|You walk all the way around the scag will be removed from the car . You get the money and you get my wife . You 're crazy .
I leave his fate in your capable hands .|You are , after all , the unstoppable Juggernaut . Now , I have a plane waiting . It will take you ...
That 's the bet , Mr. Norris . You get the girl , get the gold watch , you get everything !|Or you get a Iot of straight time in Rahway Prison .
There it is ! Victory !|Earthquake !
I mean it .|Get on a plane and go .
Get on a plane and go .|It could be nice .
It could be nice .|Nice ?
Nice ?|Like in stories ? No .
Like in stories ? No .|Better than in stories .
Buzz off .|Shove off !
They 're really good , dad . And the sausage is great .|I 'll go get the cheese .
Mr. Norris !|What do you think , Mr. Norris ? Is this more fun than human beings should be allowed to have or what ?
What do you think , Mr. Norris ? Is this more fun than human beings should be allowed to have or what ?|I 'II kill you ! No , Mr. Norris . But I will most assuredly kill you if you don 't get moving in 30 seconds !
I 'll go get the cheese .|Oh !
I 'II kill you .|Wait and see .
AII right , all right , Mr. Norris .|I told you I don 't welsh .
Yeah . Well , ready ? Repairs on Cerebro are waiting .|Yes .
Can you pass me the screwdriver ?|What 's that ?
Come on , hold me .|Pass me the light bulb .
No ! No !|No !
Let 's see .|No .
Something 's missing here .|The thingy !
I got an idea .|I 'II make you a little bet . It 's not a wager because I 'm not a big fancy hood like you .
The next one might be a Iot closer .|Move !
Let 's go .|Diego !
Come on , you two . Lunchtime .|A cat !
Amanda , wait until I get a broom . Wait a minute !|Amanda , don 't touch that cat . It could bite you . He 's won 't bite me , it likes me . I want to keep him . No , don 't . Amanda , we can 't keep every single stray that comes into this house . It could have a disease . But what if we have the vet check him ? If the vet checks him out and says there 's nothing wrong with him and no one comes to get him , then can we please have him ? please ? Pretty please ? With sugar on top ?
Get out ! Get out now !|Just in case you 're curious , he turned out to be a very fine lad .
Yo , Kurt . Professor X says he may have some info ... Kurt ?|Kurt ?
Go ahead , Nico .|Give me your hand .
So when are you gonna tell Kurt about all this ? I 'm not so sure the elf needs to know . At least , not yet . Some of this stuff could be pretty damaging .|I still can 't believe it . Mystique is my mother ? Listen , Kurt . Who really knows ? I mean , that 's one seriously disturbed lady . Maybe she 's just messing with you . I guess . But there is a certain resemblance . Hey , look . That doesn 't mean anything . Let 's just wait till the prof finds more answers for you . Then you 'll know for sure . Somehow I think he already knows more than he 's willing to tell us . Maybe . But if he does , he 's probably got good reasons for not telling you . Yeah , sure .
Can I ask you a question , even though you won 't like it ?|I don 't know .
How long has it been since you 've seen your mother ?|I don 't think that 's any of your concern . I would love to see my mother .
I knew it !|I knew it !
Why don 't we talk about you ?|Look at me .
Don 't be so dramatic . Hey , man , what 's happening ?|Is this seat taken ? Sorry , my mistake .
Because you left .|Right after your mother died .
Who did that to you ?|Hey , the cat has a wound on his shoulder . So what ?
You gotta get away . Something in my head .|I can 't control it . Can 't be trusted .
Also , it 's organic . Oh really ? How nice !|All done .
You 've aged remarkably well , Logan , if at all . Your recuperative powers have served you well . Now it 's time they serve me . Especially since your enhancements represent quite the financial investment .|Who ... ? Who ordered it ? What ? That Adamantium skeleton of yours ? I can hardly believe you haven 't figured that out by now .
So what 's up with Diego ? It 's been a long time since I 've seen him .|Not much .
Last night he said some harsh things .|Were they true ?
Do you think Diego would come with me to Berlin ?|Do you what me to tell you what I think ?
Oh , no !|Don 't let him get away !
Faster , they 're gaining on us !|Kitty !
They 're just stories .|They 're your stories .
Hugh , what is wrong ? Why won 't this door open ?|Come on , general . Get him !
Come on , general . Get him !|Come on , get him !
I know you 're not yourself , but at least you recognize me . We 've always been friends .|Okay , maybe not friends , but close enough .
Later , dude .|Kitty .
Aren 't you missing a story ?|You took it , right ?
Listen , I know it by heart .|Really ?
Amanda ! general 's fighting the monster !|Amanda ! play it faster ! play it faster ! general ! Amanda !
It wasn 't general that wanted to take my breath . It was the monster , and general fixed him .|You 've got to believe me !
You 've got to believe me !|Amanda , where did it go ? general played him on the record player and swoosh zoom , into the fan and he got smushed .
It 's about to get totally hot around here .|You caged the wrong animal , bub .
Let 's see .|A sigh ...
Nico ! Nico , come here . Ane , I don 't want to go . Let 's go anywhere else . I don 't feel like going up . Ane , I mean it . He 's going to get angry . He doesn 't want people over .|Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you
Come On , Heads Up .|There 's allot you can learn from a defeat .
Kitty , are you climbing trees again ?|Evan , is that you ?
You were right . It 's starting to rain .|When are we going to Berlin ?
And wich coverment is that ? We will inform your embassy .|I thought Franco was in charge there . Or are we really that stupid here ?
Too much .|I miss her so much .
Oh , and Logan , let 's be prepared for trouble . I doubt we 're the only ones who have an interest in this young man .|Man . What is going on with me ?
Man . What is going on with me ?|I know the kind of pain you 're feeling , Alex . I once had it myself .
Howcome ?|A Year later , a Spanish guy walkes into my office .
Hello , Pili . Diego is feeling better . Don 't you worry .|What happened ? Nothing . He has strep throat , but he 's fine .
I know you 're here , Magneto . I can sense it . Show yourself .|It 's him !
What 's that for ?|For Berlin .
Put this on , and see how it looks on you .|Oh my god ...
For Berlin .|You were serious , right ?
Yes , Wolverine . The man with the adamantium claws . Of course , Adamantium is a metal .|And I 'm sure he must realize that I am the master of magnetism .
He 's suffering acute amnesia .|It 's a honer that i may meet you . It 's my pleasure .
Logan ?|Well , look what the cat dragged in .
Okay .|I 'm sorry .
You are a coward .|You 're running away from a man to man fight . You 're trying it from a distance , with just words . So , what do you have to say ?
Come here often ?|Let 's party .
I 've been robbed of my freedom on an illigal way .|I 've been tortured and i 'm going to be killed soon .
I 've been tortured and i 'm going to be killed soon .|You say thats becaus i wrote wrote that book .
You say thats becaus i wrote wrote that book .|But that ain 't true .
You look tired . Hard to stay afloat with metal bones , huh ? Why do I get the feeling I wasn 't dropped here by accident ?|You got that right , bub .
I 'm going to die for the only thing my life was usefull for .|My freedom .
Once gathered here , this place of solitude they can then fully realize their mutant abilities safe from those who might mistreat them . Magnus , don 't do this . We can introduce ourselves to mankind as friends , not enemies .|You are an idealist , Charles . I am a realist . It 's a dark future that rushes towards us . And we must face it prepared .
You are an idealist , Charles . I am a realist . It 's a dark future that rushes towards us . And we must face it prepared .|Hey , man . That didn 't take too long at all .
I 'm going to get some milk .|Does it hurt ?
Thats the only thing i had left .|It 's too late be play the hero . Espaillat , you know what to do .
Hey , how did you decide to become a dentist ? Well ...|Life takes you where you desire most .
Repeat after me . We 're going fishing ! We 're going fishing ! Hey Nico , you speak French quite well , don 't you ?|Nico , you 're test is pretty soon , right ? I 'm not going .
It certainly wasn 't suicide . And a graphologist has confirmed that he did wrote the letter himself .|Official documents from Trujillo 's time aren 't worth shit , you know that . But it 's everything we have .
I have come to offer you sanctuary .|It 's Lance Alvers and his buddies !
Nico , you 're test is pretty soon , right ? I 'm not going .|No ? Why not ?
Wait here .|You can come now .
That 's a lie !|I still can 't believe you caught this .
What happens to the winners ?|Scott , I don 't understand . Professor , wait . We 're just here to listen . That 's all . What about them ? Are they here to listen as well ?
Scott , I don 't understand . Professor , wait . We 're just here to listen . That 's all . What about them ? Are they here to listen as well ?|Hey ! What is this ? ! Simply a precaution , Scott . Not everyone has the maturity to accept the need for change as you do . Not yet . Let them out . Now ! I will . We just need to proceed cautiously . Trust me . They are perfectly safe . Are they safe , Scott ? Are any of us safe ? I know this man well . His motives cannot be trusted . He 's bitter ...
In a few moments , he 'll emerge reborn .|Oh , yeah ! This thing cooks .
Yes .|Of course .
And ' The RazorBlade ' , Arturo Espaillat , planned everything with his companion , Oscar Moral .|And what did John Frank do ? He was the only one who was convicted .
And now for an appreciative audience .|Scott ! No , don 't ! Scott , I know what Magneto is doing . This thing will alter your mind . Get out of there , please .
Come . The world awaits you .|The pain 's gone . And you shall be called Havok .
Hi , Diego . Ane is in labor .|See you at the hospital ?
You tell me that the people that are guilty in this case , all happen to be dead .|Stop waysting my time then .
Why would they kidnap him ? He was a traitor to them , and my husband was a mulatto .|Can i read the letters ? Just read them .
The CIA ? The American goverment ?|Go away , or i will call the police .
No metal !|Boys , defend us .
You never showed up at the hospital . I couldn 't make it . Then why did you say we 'd meet at the hospital ?|Just tell me one thing .
Really , Scott ? Are you the future ? Because if you are , I don 't want any part of it .|You 're right . Mutants shouldn 't be divided . But we didn 't draw the line . Magneto did . And it 's still there . You 've just crossed over it .
So he took corinne with him .|Why am i here ?
Hi , Diego .|What ? What 's wrong ?
Look , i know what you 're thinking . She 's 25 , a trophy wife . I didn 't do this .|Can you think of anyone who might have a grudge against you ? Anyone your wife mentioned ? No .
Didn 't think you 'd be in .|It 's been awhile .
What ? What 's wrong ?|What does the letter say ?
Man , you can 't just give up .|A dancer should dance . The hell you doing ? What brings you here ? How 's your leg ?
There 's something in the matted hair . I think it 's blue paint . I sent samples to the lab .|What kind of knife did he use ? Serrated . And he 's strong . He stabs with tremendous force .
I didn 't hear you come in .|I was just taking a quick shower .
I got it . Stop nagging . Make sure you get her picture taken and file her entry right away . Got it ?|Okay . Hang up now ! Idiot
I 'm sorry i didn 't come home last night . Yeah , well , martha and i spent some quality time .|Really ? Yeah . And now that you 're here , maybe we can have some .
Assuming that that 's what this is all about .|You think i 'm running away because you 're leaving . I think you 're running away 'cause i 'm leaving .
Miss , we can 't admit insects like these .|Mista sir ! They 're not any harm . So please give ' em back , sir . Miss , we need to get rid of them under quarantine laws . I can 't let you take them in .
I 'm really happy and honored . Thank you .|And now , it 's time for the grand prize .
And now , it 's time for the grand prize .|The first prize goes to ...
I can 't . Of course you can , Diego . Come on . Just go up , get it and we 'll go .|Diego ?
Let 's see if there 's anything to eat .|Nope .
No , I 'm dandy fine . This would only be like fall weather back in Yunbyun .|This is the bathroom . This is your hanger and bookshelves ... Is this you mista in the picture ?
Okay , well let 's continue then .|Wait , somebody 's coming up . Let 's have big round of applause .
But since I 'm already here ...|How embarrassing !
How was it ? Don 't be daft .|How long do you think we could live in Berlin with 4000 euros ?
Well , gee . I was here . We 're open till 9 : 00 . I have the surveillance tapes . Great . We 'll take those and the list of customers and employees .|Right away .
One of the cops was your dad .|Where 'd they find her body ? It was five years ago . Her remains were dug up in a park near san mateo .
Must be pretty big for you to come see the old man .|We speak twice in the last seven years , And suddenly i 'm your new best friend . Can i come in ? Always welcome here .
I can send you postcards if you like .|Okay .
It 's a serial killer i 've been working a few years . Kiss me not ?|Is there a new victim ? I didn 't hear .
Hey ! Stop ! Just get her out of here . Let go , shit ! Take the hell what out ? You know how much I spent getting that thing here ? You just stay quiet ! Okay , just take her out of here man .|Drag her out . Yes .
Drag her out . Yes .|I 'm sorry , mista . Mista , sir !
I 'm sorry , mista . Mista , sir !|Anyway man , sorry to put you in this . Pack up the bitch 's things and give ' em to me later .
We were trying to keep it quiet .|He took a woman last night . Hopefully , she 's still alive . What can i do for you ?
John harris , auto paint dealer , his daughter ran away . Does that ring any bells ? Harris .|Oh , yeah .
Daughter 's name was rachel , right ?|Yeah , i worked that case a couple of weeks . You were homicide , so why 'd you work it if she was a runaway ? The family said she was a runway , but nobody bought it . Didn 't take any clothes , didn 't tell anybody she was leaving . We expected to find her body any day .
June gave it to me .|I don 't understand how he failed the test , as smart as he is . I don 't understand either . I 'm sorry , Sophia . Don 't worry . Here .
Thanks for everything .|Well ...
Thanks .|Don 't be silly .
Be careful .|Always am .
I don 't think of billy as an employee . He 's my son .|This is a nightmare .
This is a nightmare .|Linz ?
Mista , you look like a doctor like that . Stop sucking up kid . And I told you to lose the accent ! I am serious . You really look like a doctor .|No doctor 's fees for that one .
If harris knew what billy was doing , He didn 't do it with him . We pulled his credit cards . The night sarah rice disappeared , He was in atlanta at a car show .|Thanks . Sure .
They 're my pets . It 's your hobby to raise bugs ? They are fireflies . FirefIies ? Yes . Back home , in early summer the sky is filled with fireflies .|I heard there weren 't any firefIies in seoul ...
No , he 's , uh ...|He 's sort of a loner . When your daughter rachel disappeared , We understand that the police told you they thought billy might have done it .
There are lots of different kinds of beers . I think we could just spend the day drinking beer , right ?|And we 'll be normal ?
Did she go to the store ?|The house is quiet . Mr. Na ! Yes . How did you meet your wife ? What ?
Rachel harris was buried in a vinyl duffel , Handles on the side , dried blood on it . Didn 't they test the blood ? Too small a sample at the time . I had them compare the d.N.A. From the blood speck to the d.N.A. Om billy harris ' hair brush . It 's a partial match .|It 's his father 's blood . So john harris killed and buried his daughter and then claimed she ran away ? We can charge harris , offer him a plea to help us find his son . Okay , let 's get him charged , But if this guy 's smart as i think he is , He isn 't gonna help us with anything .
I know that you don 't hold a steady job . Of course your income wouldn 't be steady also ... My income isn 't steady but ... I 'm a professional Dance Sports competitor . Oh , forgive me if I offended you .|It 's just strange that you don 't wear rings ... And there aren 't any wedding photos . Not even makeup around where a woman lives .
Boxer , homicide . Hello , lindsay .|Yeah . Who 's this ?
Yeah . Who 's this ?|Let my father go if yont to keep corinne alive .
A little . But it 's really good . Let 's see .|Does he like it ? Yeah , he likes it .
Oh it 's coming .|My postpartum depression is coming .
We 're not going to talk . We 're going to hug and then go . Okay ?|Okay .
Straighten out your back .|Damn , I Iook fine today !
Not enough time to trace the call . What 'd he say ? Linz ?|Uh , uh , he said that if we didn 't let john go , he would kill corinne .
It was partly a relief . Okay . Well , billy harris has always been this phantom . Now i know what he looks like , i know what he sounds like .|I took pete up to the attic this morning and showed him ...
What ?|Do you want to dance with me ?
What took you so long ? well I ... Were you in the shower ?|Man , I almost burst .
Hello ?|Wait !
I have billy 's notebks from juvie hall . My friend said he could lose his license , so he needs them back when we 're done .|Look at this . It 's from 1993 .
Look at this . It 's from 1993 .|He was thinking about it even as a kid .
So far , the only thing I know about Canaan is where it is .|That 's all we need to know .
Mista ! I can 't do it ! Can 't do what ?|We haven 't even started . What do you mean you can 't ?
That 's all we need to know .|Scott , Malia and Lydia are going out to Canaan . He said to go through with the plan as long as it doesn 't destroy his house . What plan ? Your plan . Well , you said you had all these ideas about how to catch a ghost rider . I had one idea . It was pretty bad . And then I had another really bad idea . Anything that could work ? Yeah , but it 's terrible . Great . Let 's do it . We need to break into the faculty storage room . To save the whole town from ghost riders ? No problem .
I can 't , I 'm too scared . What are you talking about ?|Do I really have to sleep with you , mista ? Can 't we be a couple without sleepin ' together ? We should do what real couples do to look like one but ...
You don 't wanna know .|Uh , how did a whip do this ?
Hey ... hey ...|Wait ! Where are you going ?
Mista !|Straighten your shoulders ! Put your balance on your back . hold your stomach in .
Boxer , homicide . Hey , beautiful .|Hi , pete . Uh ... how 's it going ? Uh , well , i 'm at the hotel . I 'm gonna see you before i go , right ? Yeah , yeah . I 'd , um , i 'd really like that .
Your body should always be straight upright . This is the upright pose , got that ? Upright pose ?|Upright pose ... hold me ! Pardon ? Come on .
You didn 't do what i asked , lindsay .|You still have my father .
What are you doing ?|Forget everything you 've known about dancing ' till now . Got that ?
Well , billy , let 's talk about it . You want to be my friend .|I want to tell you that i know what happened .
What are you doing here ?|This is faculty only . Then why are you the one leaving ? What are you doing ? Plugs and wires ? Are ... are you making a taser ? No . No , of course not .
Now just like this , the woman has to step back with her right foot , ok ?|Four , one , two . Three , four , one . Left foot forward , two .
Billy ?|Lindsay ... By the way , nice dog . He 's calling from your apartment .
It 's nothing . will you focus here ?|Keep your position ! Upper body up ! Lower body down ! shoulders down .
He left corinne stevens in my bed . I get to go tell richard stevens that his wife is dead ...|Dead because of me .
They were everywhere . Some of the kids were running . But for everyone else it , it was like there was nothing there . They couldn 't see a thing .|We did . And we 've got a lot more to tell you if you really wanna fight back .
Again ! four , one , two , three .|Is your head just there for decorations ? Step back with your right first ! Think this is funny ?
Is your head just there for decorations ? Step back with your right first ! Think this is funny ?|We 'II learn how to step from the closed Basic to the pivot . four , one . Right foot . Right foot . Right step back is called the Back Check . And the Ieft foot forward is ...
It 's okay , your mom 's not here .|You 're okay .
Left foot , right foot . Now hold me .|Turm , Left foot !
Turm , Left foot !|Mista ...
Mista , they 're all so pretty ! Wow !|What 's the big fuss over just a fish tank ? They 'II all die in a week you know . Haven 't you ever bought a chick before ?
Take that one . We 'II buy it . You like it that much ? Yes 'sa ! My firefIies got a home now . There 's the accent again .|But mister ? What do I call you now ? call me what ? We 're a married couple . I can 't call my husband mister , can I ? Yeah , that 's strange . So what should I call you ? What do they say in China ? Comrade . Comrade ? What are we , spies ? well , they also say traveler .
Can we run a trace on the site ? No , it 'll take days to go through all the servers .|Oh , my god . It 's your dad .
Bring me my father . I 'll give you yours in exchange . You have five minutes to decide , inspeor . Or i 'll blow his brains out .|'S not a rescue , linz . It 's a suicide mission . I tell billy it 's possible or he blows marty 's head off . Think . It was a secret . Now it 's out . Game over . He wants to kill you , lindsay , and then himself . If it was your father , what would you do ?
Boxer . What 's your answer , lindsay ?|We have a deal . Where do we meet ? 15.7 miles east on midway road . 5 : 00 . Don 't bring company . I want to speak to my father . You can talk when you get here .
Honey . What ? Honey ? Where did you learn that ? Honey , Iet 's go . Oh , man !|Your estimate is pretty acute , sir . Don 't they look like a real couple ? Man , just focus on shopping . Sweetie ! Oh , man !
Why don 't you just go live inside there ?|Soon , they 'II turn into cocoons . Then , when it gets warmer , they 'II shed their green lights and fly off .
Okay , i got an idea , but we 're gonna need some help .|Lieutenant hogan . Ted thorne , fbi . Thanks for coming . Inspector lindsay boxer .
They 'II keep their lights shinning all night . And wait for their true love to come .|One , two , three days ... They will wait for their one true love .
One , two , three days ... They will wait for their one true love .|A love they would trade their lives for ... And if no one comes ? The green light starts to fade . When the light completely goes off , they die . If I find my true love , I will wait like the firefly . Why don 't they just go look for them ? Then they wouldn 't be fireflies . If you are a firefly , you have to believe in fate and wait .
Hello ?|Anybody here ?
Mista , do you believe in fate ?|Let 's practice ! Left foot , right . Left foot , right . You 're pulling back again .
Come on .|Head down .
Visitors ?|I can 't believe we have visitors .
That 's what criminals wear .|You know the main reason parents kill kids ?
Turn the music off !|I said , turn it off !
Your body 's limp ! You call that dancing ?|There 's not much time left 'tiII the competitions !
There 's not much time left 'tiII the competitions !|Listen to me when I 'm talking to you .
You know the main reason parents kill kids ?|Because daddy wants something the child won 't give .
Because daddy wants something the child won 't give .|That 's what happened , isn 't it ? You wanted her , and she fought back , and billy saw the whole thing . He saw you try to take her . He saw you kill her .
How 'd you keep him quiet ?|What a pretty speech .
What a pretty speech .|You made your son a monster .
Hmm , of course . It 's prescribed for anxiety . Most of these herbs are used in modern drugs . So , between raiding the hospital pharmacy , the homeopath downtown and the salad bar , I think I can find them all . Yeah . I 'm gonna be back as soon as I can . You try to stay awake .|Mil ... I 'm right here . Mil ... you have to add ...
We need to absorb a lightning bolt .|Can we do that ? Not with anything we have here . I can 't build a conduit strong enough to absorb even half that much energy .
The signal is clear . Everyone 's set .|We have sound on lindsay and harris now .
I breathed where you told me to breathe . And stopped where you told me to stop .|I know I 'm not good enough . So I practiced hard everyday to be as good as you .
I know I 'm not good enough . So I practiced hard everyday to be as good as you .|The rhythm that you talk about , I don 't know what that is .
Can 't you just teach me , mista ? You can do everything well . So can 't you just teach me ?|Do you love me ?
Your father 's here !|Drop the bag . Hands on your head .
You really want to dance ? I don 't care if it 's a lie . When you 're dancing , love me .|I will love you too .
We had a deal , billy . Where is he ? I said shut up .|Daddy ...
That 's the day the last of them left .|All at once ? They all just disappeared ? I didn 't say they disappeared . I said they left .
Hurry up will ya ? You goin ' on a picnic ? Who 's the girl ? My wife . Your wife ? You totally robbed the cradle , man !|She 's cute .
No one is leaving Canaan ever again .|I think the last thing that you were trying to say was my name .
No , I said you 're really handsome . Oh , really .|But mista ? How did we meet ? What ? How did we meet at first ? well , what should we say ?
I was a good boy .|Then they fod rachel .
Don 't worry miss . Mister .|This is the Korean folk village . Many Korean ancestors ... No , sirs ! Stop it please !
Then they fod rachel .|I love you , daddy .
I love you , daddy .|Your turn .
You mean to apply that to the Samba ?|Dancing should be freeing . If you 're stuck on something , you shouldn 't dance .
Lenore ? Could you unlock the door , please ? Now that you 're here , you need to stay .|Caleb likes you .
One , two . You have to build up your strength .|One , jump ! One , jump ! Jump ! What 's this ? Again . Again . One , jump ! That 's it !
Just stay .|She was beautiful .
They 'll go , and they 'll go , and there won 't be anything you can do about it .|Come with me .
Come with me .|Go .
No , i was too scared . I could 'veaved her .|I could 've saved her . I didn 't save her . I didn 't stop .
Does it hurt a Iot ?|No .
Caleb , can you help us find a way out of here ?|You have to stay because mommy said so .
Look at the date .|Uh , Caleb ? Do you know what year you were born ?
And when did you die ?|Why didn 't you leave too ? What is that supposed to mean ? Is that an accusation ? Are you accusing me of something ? How come you 're the only one left ?
Almost there . Last chance to bail . If we 're gonna stand a chance , we have to do something drastic . There 's drastic and then there 's this . I know , it 's not the perfect plan . But we need the bad part of the plan to make the good part work . You think she knows it 's a bad plan ? Anyone would know this is a bad plan .|Which is why I have to ask you one more time , are you sure you don 't wanna change your minds ? We don 't know what else to do . It 's like the ghost riders are unstoppable . They are unstoppable . They 've been riding the storm and taking souls since long before I was born . Yeah , we won 't survive them . Not without your help .
You don 't look so good .|Maybe you should sit down .
Wow !|You 're not going to the competitions in that are you ?
No , it means there 's a flight to taipei in four hours that gets me to cambodia tomorrow .|It also means i couldn 't leave without talking to you .
She could only dance what you taught and nothing more . What could I do , but get rid of her ? You bastard ...|But The new girl looks pretty good . You listen , bastard . I won 't let you beat me again .
But The new girl looks pretty good . You listen , bastard . I won 't let you beat me again .|You know what happens if they find out she 's illegally here on a fake marriage ?
You know what this does ?|We need your power to help us . Then you can kill whoever you want . But if you do kill us , you 're gonna end up worse off than ever .
There 's nothing worse than what I 've been through . You ever hear about the ghost riders ?|What makes you think this is gonna work ?
Yes , I got it sir .|If something should happen to Mr. Na . You 'II be the one to blame . Got that ?
Sucio usually tortures people for us . Now he 's the one being tortured . Don 't you have people to kill ?|Too much to ask that he takes a shower ? He 's comfortable with his man smell . Live with it .
You bastards !|The fuck with the temper !
What you writing ?|Ransom note .
What the fuck .|What are you ?
What makes you think this is gonna work ?|You took Josh 's power . You can do it .
Here we go .|Hey , what the hell ?
Stop ! Shit !|Bastards !
I 'm with Ms. Romero on this one .|Send him back .
He 's not needed here . I think she begs to differ .|That 's your cue to begin begging to differ .
Sir ! , Sir !|Don 't come near me . Sir , what 's wrong ? Sir !
You remember stiles ? Why wouldn 't I remember stiles ?|Maybe he 's useful after all .
What is going on ?|Why are you Iike this ? Sir . Sir ...
Psych .|See that ? Outdoor shower ? Feel free to use it anytime .
Is it because of your leg ?|I 'II wait until your leg gets all better . I will wait here no matter what . So , please don 't tell me to go .
I 'II wait until your leg gets all better . I will wait here no matter what . So , please don 't tell me to go .|Don 't you get it ? I 'm tired of you . I hate you . I hate you laughing . And I hate you whining like a kid . So take everything you have and go ! What are you doing ? FirefIies ? bullshit ! I don 't believe in this shit ! Sir ! And that ! Wedding pictures ?
Don 't you get it ? I 'm tired of you . I hate you . I hate you laughing . And I hate you whining like a kid . So take everything you have and go ! What are you doing ? FirefIies ? bullshit ! I don 't believe in this shit ! Sir ! And that ! Wedding pictures ?|Stop it sir ! What wedding ! The fuck ! Why are you doing this ? You ! Don 't you get it ? I 'm a cripple now ! I don 't need this anymore ! So get the hell out ! Get lost !
Are you okay ? Are you okay ?|Mommy says you can go now .
Yeah , absolutely .|You know you can still come with us .
That would be better for you .|Now that we know they 're not a real couple , shall we process the papers ?
You know you can still come with us .|I couldn 't leave Caleb . Lenore , you know he 's not real .
Why the Iong face on a day like this ?|Here .
Here .|How 's this ? It 's your dress to wear at the competitions .
Who 's she talking to ? Jackpot .|Sour Punch Bites .
I 'll be upstairs throwing up .|I don 't mean to be judgey , but where 'd she meet that guy , Home Depot ?
I couldn 't leave Caleb . Lenore , you know he 's not real .|I couldn 't leave Caleb .
How have you been ?|I went to the 63 building today .
I went to the 63 building today .|Do you know what day it is today ?
You know all about the ghost riders . How do we get stiles and the others back ?|You can 't . The wild hunt comes . The wild hunt goes .
I thought a Iot about you today .|I wanted to eat the rice cake and seaweed soup you made .
Unless what ? Unless they 're stuck .|You guys think stiles sent us here to warn us ? Maybe beacon hills is gonna be the next ghost town . If we don 't stop it , yes . We need to get them to leave . Now . We can 't . Not yet .
You 're gonna help us . Liam , I don 't know what to do . Well , you remember stiles , so clearly you know more than we do . You 're gonna help us or you 're going back .|Let me guess . Scott wasn 't a part of this plan , was he ?
Oh , God . That 's it . That 's it . Yeah . Oh , fucking shit . Oh , God . Oh , man . That 's it . I got a little more .|Sucio ? Sucio ? I know you 're naked .
It 's been awhile .|I 'II be waiting here . Hurry it up .
I 'II be waiting here . Hurry it up .|Did you come early ?
Wake up .|I 'm gonna need to see your passport .
How did you two first meet ?|I came to Korea as a tour guide 2 years ago .
I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry I am , have been , such a disappointment .|I realize that 's a lot to hang on to and it must really suck .
The Morrigan was a banshee .|So when the wild hunt moves on from beacon hills ... I 'll be like Lenore .
Go away .|You like me . You " like me " like me , and that 's why you don 't want to .
I was just , uh , I was just thinking about how strong and amazing you are . Mmm ... keep talking , I like the way that sounds .|You know , someone should write a medical paper about how you beat frontal temporal dementia .
Why ? For me , all of seoul is like a honeymoon resort .|My every moment with him is like a honeymoon . Do you have a wedding picture ?
Baby , Andy . Baby , baby , baby .|Another man 's baby .
Another bunny .|I 'm hoping she falls down a flight of stairs . This thing is happening whether we like it or not .
You know , someone should write a medical paper about how you beat frontal temporal dementia .|That is not at all the direction I thought this conversation was heading . Sorry .
When she fiddles with her firefIies , She looks like a kid .|She 's so cute . He likes to give surprise gifts . The best present was the feet marks . Because I struggled at dancing , He drew them one by one all night .
She 's so cute . He likes to give surprise gifts . The best present was the feet marks . Because I struggled at dancing , He drew them one by one all night .|I forced her to practice pretty hard .
So he just wandered off naked and bleeding ? I am told that 's happened before , yes . Well , in that case , thank you for giving him a gun and the keys to our house . How about moving into my house ?|Did you just ask me to live with you ? In Tijuana ? Even the donkeys are scared . And that 's a fun place to be a donkey . I own a house here , in Santa Playa .
That is not at all the direction I thought this conversation was heading . Sorry .|Hmm , let 's turn in . We gotta be up early to talk to the contractor about replacing that wallpaper . I 'll be there in a minute . Okay .
You didn 't tell me you were working with NSA . It 's a joint surveillance with NCIS . They call it " suspicious chatter . " Ah , you like that , huh ? Yes , because when I say that , you see me like a sexy spy . You 're right . I 'm translating boring conversations . My supervisor asked if there could be a double meaning from an Afghan point of view . But I can 't think of any . Actually , I can 't think at all . Is this about your office again ? It doesn 't promote quality thought . A good thinking spot is key . I like the library . How can your mind breathe with all those musty books suffocating you ? Ah . Well , what would you suggest ? A place with much oxygen . Qasim . Hey , nice to see you , man . Oh , they let you out of the annex building ? I have to get back . Just wanted to walk Ellie to her desk .|Okay , well ... I 'll pick you up here for dinner . Okay . Bye .
Young love . Nothing like it . Hey , would you guys ever go to the woods to think ? No , I do my best thinking when I 'm sleeping . Mine is in the bathroom . Everything is simple in the bathroom . McGee , what about you ? McGee . Huh ? What are you reading , man ? Uh , nothing . Not convincing . Nothing ?|McGee . Willoughby . Read them in . Thank God . Interrogation , let 's talk .
I saw Jintao leaving . I knew something was wrong . I didn 't know what I 'd be walking into , going down the stairs after him . So I jumped out the exit window on the other side of the plane . The pilot , Miller ... He followed me . You need to lay low . Gibbs . Before he left , I heard Jintao on the phone . He was speaking Chinese . He said Chen 's planning another attack . We need to get this guy before he does more damage . Put me back in . Come on , all I need is a shirt . You 're here until the doctor releases you . And then what ? Headquarters . Hiding . That 's a joke . It 's an order . Look , I volunteered for Willoughby . I know what I signed up for . Let me see this through to the end . We 'll see this through together , Reeves . All right ?|Yeah , Leon . I 'm on the way .
Where is this coming from ?|I received test results . It is indeed a boy . My boy .
Did it go well ?|Yes .
Yeah , Leon . I 'm on the way .|Does Reeves have anything specific ? Chen has a new project . That 's all we know . All right . So , we start with Willoughby . As far as we were concerned , that op was as close to foolproof as it gets . Yeah . But it wasn 't , was it ?
Right . You and your crabs .|This is for you , Nancy . " Now and Zen Baby Cradle and Swing " ? It 's a little early , don 't you think ? I 'm not even showing .
We 'II wrap up the Korean stage and head for england .|No .
I don 't want to dance anymore .|What are you talking about ? Think about how we got here .
I want to thank each of you for making the trip . It wasn 't a choice . Stopping Chen is an imperative . Then we 'll skip the pleasantries . G.I.D. has intercepted chatter that supports your theory that Chen is planning a new attack . Do you have a target ? The financial district in New York was hypothesized but not confirmed . Well , until we have something certain , then , it 's all just smoke . What about our MI6 operative ? Clayton Reeves . Director Vance . Is it possible Reeves told the pilot about Willoughby ? No . Reeves is clean . Perhaps he was worried for Miller 's safety . They became close over those months , did they not ? Reeves was sent in to befriend Miller because of their similar upbringing , the parallel challenges they both faced . This is the very reason they bonded so quickly . We must consider the possibility ... Officers , I debriefed Reeves myself . I assure you , he wasn 't compromised . Then we must assume he somehow tipped off Miller by accident . Agreed , but are we here to pinpoint our failings or to take down Chen ? Gibbs , listen . Bishop , I have been listening for the last ten minutes . I still don 't know what you 're saying . I 'm saying that when I met up with Reeves in Scotland last summer , we had some really great talks . I mean , I think I 'm one of his only friends , and he never even told me that he was gonna risk his life , and I just ... You 're worried about him . Yes . Why didn 't you just say that ten minutes ago ? I thought I did . Alice , what can you tell us about Paul 's job ?|He didn 't talk about it much ... or maybe I didn 't ask . I think part of me knew the money was too good to be true . What about the man he worked for ? I don 't even know his name .
Agent Gibbs ...|Paul didn 't have it easy growing up . All he wanted was to give Lexie something better . This has been so hard on her . She 's refused to leave my side since it happened .
If you had met me first , it wouId 've been so much better .|Then I wouldn 't have learned to dance .
Whatever he was involved in ... he was a good man . I don 't want her to know anything else .|I like your bracelet . Whenever Paul flew somewhere , he 'd bring a charm back for her . Right , baby ? Mm . This is so cool . Eiffel Tower ... oh , a little shoe . It 's a clog from Amsterdam . This is a pyramid . Where 's it from again , Mom ? Cairo .
You 're gonna love this swing . Only the best for our boy .|Our boy .
Nothing is exactly as it seems . Nor is it otherwise .|What ? It says so right on the box .
Everything 's all cleared up , you don 't need to go to jail , so she 'II go back .|Go meet her once before she goes back to China .
Man , I just thought of that .|I dig bathrooms . Is that fan closed ? No , it 's broken , which makes this place kind of like a ... like a sweat lodge . It increases brain activity even more . All right , great . I got to get some food . Mm , could you get me five more packages ? Oh , that 's unbelievable . It smells like sweaty sugar in here . You want more donuts ? If I don 't get a burger , I 'm gonna die . Hey , the moment you leave this building , Jintao 's gonna show . Fine . What 's this dude 's name ? Larry ? I 'll get him to make me one of his chicken potpies .
Wait . There 's a truck pulling up .|Hey , guys , it 's Larry . I need to use the facilities . Not now . Uh , the other bathroom 's occupied , and this is an emergency .
I believed that you would come for me and waited .|The firefly is stupid to just wait for the one who loves him . Just waiting for his destined love , the one he would give his life for to come to him .
The firefly is stupid to just wait for the one who loves him . Just waiting for his destined love , the one he would give his life for to come to him .|I missed you .
Hey , you drop those pants , I 'm gonna shoot you . It 's okay . I can wait .|I 'm not finding anything .
I want to dance with you ...|Did you practice hard ?
It 's you . You , you , you .|It 's complicated . Is that a suitcase ?
And I escaped . Heroically . And now I am homeless .|Celia , I 'm pregnant .
Is it Andy 's ?|Come on .
All right , hogger . Back her up . I said back her up .|Gabby , stand by to unhook her . What 's the matter , Barton ? Did your horses play out on ya ? Drop that gun on the seat . Come on . Get over here . You hold him .
Marian .|Hello , Luke . Hello , Marian .
Scotland .|I went there alone to figure some things out ... life things . She was there the same time , so we met up . She spoke about her family . Three brothers . Yeah .
She also said you guys were a family . Look on her face when she said it ...|I came back ... and I signed up for Willoughby .
This your place ? Yes . Murray brought you . Oh . It 's good to have you here , Luke , even if it did take a bullet to bring you .|How bad is it ? You 're lucky . By rights , you oughta be dead . Look . Oh . Oh , I should 've had this in my side pocket .
Because you guys shouldn 't have to do that type of mission .|The kind of people ... who have people .
The kind of people ... who have people .|You think you 're alone in the dark .
It was such a long time ago .|Five years is a long time .
What 's it like fucking a monster ?|Don 't make fun of my child . You can 't keep us here like this for long . Who 's it gonna be ?
Thank you , Joe . Cigars in the back . Thanks , Murray .|Hi , Murray . Hello , Bob .
What ? All right . All right . You keep me posted .|Hey . Qasim 's in surgery . Is someone there with Bishop ? Ducky 's on the way . You find something ? Yeah . A witness at the library saw a black SUV parked outside at the time of the shooting . Jintao . It 's enough to question him , but not enough to arrest him or Chen . McGee , find us something .
Again and again ... you underestimate him .|No !
So we will ask the Magic Ball .|Tell me , Magic Ball can these two men part in peace and live to kill another day ? Go on and shake your Magic Ball . Tell yourself you 're so noble because we 're both still breathing .
Well , well . How 's my boy ? Hello , Emmy . Ohh . Oh , Luke , it seems you 're always in trouble . One of these days , you 're gonna ... Don 't worry about me . The important thing is how are you ? Oh , I 'm fine , Luke , just fine . And still got her looks , huh , Smitty , even if she is falling apart . Falling apart ? You , with your store teeth and your hair coming out . Say , Emmy , if you 've got a horse , I could eat half of it . Supper 'll be right on the table . The sooner , the better , on account of tonight , I gotta see a man ... about a dog .|Put him away , Seagrue . Say , I was down the south meadow . We 'd better get those cattle out of there tomorrow Take care of it first thing in the morning .
Are the others coming ? They 're on their way . I 'm afraid the news is not good . The doctors managed to stop the bleeding , but Qasim was ... without oxygen for too long .|What do you mean ? There 's no brain function . The machines are keeping him alive now . Oh , Eleanor was asking for you .
So what about it ?|So you 'll be picked up , that 's what . Picked up ? I 'm getting out of here . Did you hear him , Whitey ? He 's getting out of here .
The last recording Qasim was supposed to translate .|Why are you giving this to me ? I don 't know your reason ... but I know you 're willing to do anything to get Chen . So am I.
Hey . Here 's your senior league softball uniform , Mr. Alzate . Oh , thank you , Kyle . Also , uh , there was a weird gas smell coming from your kitchen . So I lit a bunch of scented candles .|I hope we have enough guys to play ball once Howard is no longer with us . Oh , no . Yeah . Oh , relax . He 's moving to Phoenix .
You have the same kind eyes .|Tell me more about my eyes .
I hope we have enough guys to play ball once Howard is no longer with us . Oh , no . Yeah . Oh , relax . He 's moving to Phoenix .|Because he 's dying .
All right , here 's the deal . You go out with me and I 'll get you into that account .|I was gonna ask you out anyway . Only it has to be as Judah . You 're Judah and I 'm me . And you have to love me and treat me nice .
Why are you naked ? I am changing into my uniform . Either come in or stay out . Please . I am choosing to stay out , sir . I ... I feel quite strongly about it .|Now Kristin thinks Mandy 's our favorite ? That 's crazy . We don 't have a favorite . You know , that ... that they know of . We do give Mandy whatever she wants , but it 's really just to shut her up . Yeah , but Mandy 's always been the kid that needed our help the most . I mean , I can see why Kristin would think that 's favoritism . Well , we ... we got to keep Mandy alive , I mean , right ?
Now Kristin thinks Mandy 's our favorite ? That 's crazy . We don 't have a favorite . You know , that ... that they know of . We do give Mandy whatever she wants , but it 's really just to shut her up . Yeah , but Mandy 's always been the kid that needed our help the most . I mean , I can see why Kristin would think that 's favoritism . Well , we ... we got to keep Mandy alive , I mean , right ?|Eve never asked us for anything , and the one time she does , we turn her down . I just ... maybe we should get her that recording equipment . Fine . I 'll take it out of the second wife jewelry fund . I mean , this whole thing lasted a lot longer than I thought it would .
Hey , come on ! This way !|You got him . ! Good boy . ! Nice goin ' , Mr. Smith . I heard the shooting ' , and I ... Yeah , we know . So you stopped to shine up your badge . Take over , Sheriff . I certainly will , Mr. Smith . And don 't fall down no gopher holes .
Very doubtful .|So no . Not all right .
When you have more than one kid , you can 't make everybody happy . Somebody is always gonna feel cheated . So we 've worked this out so that you guys get to pick who gets the short straw . No , I don 't like the sound of this . You shouldn 't . So here 's what we 're gonna do . Mandy , either you pay rent , you don 't get your bonus , or you don 't get your recording equipment . You guys choose . That 's totally unfair . Said every child ever .|Okay , so what are we gonna do ? Are we gonna take the time to trick Mandy or just start shaking her like a rag doll ? I 'm not gonna agree to pay rent , and I don 't care what you do to me .
Quit worrying ' , Marian . Quit worrying ' . Did you see them ? That 's Rebstock and Du Sang . Aw , stop acting like you were his nurse or somethin ' .|Hi there . Luke ! Luke !
It 's what happens next .|We chose . You and I. When we came together , we chose .
Luke . Why , Marian , what 's the matter ?|Oh , I was so afraid . I was so worried that ... There 's nothing to worry about . I 'm all right .
You see that ? You see what you did . See , your uptight vibe drove everybody out . I 'm just not sure this is a good idea .  Kyle , nudity is a beautiful , natural thing . It 's the way the good Lord made us .|All right , open your eyes . Come here , come here . Open your eyes . Open your eyes , and take a look at that gentleman right there . Ah . This isn 't so bad . See ? In fact ... You have a very nice body , sir . I 'm ... I 'm just guessing , but is it pilates ?
Well , I like that they love each other , but I 'm not wild about them hating us . Hmm . I 'm okay with both . Let 's eat .|Ed : Kyle , could you come here a minute please ?
Angry , rich white children . You 're rich and white . Why so angry ?|Shane got jacked for his weed . I just like seeing shit break .
A wreck !|Baggs !
All right , I am lowering my hand . And I am turning around . Hey , hey , just calm down . I just want you to check this mole . Oh , dear God .|I 'm kidding . I 'm kidding . I 'm kidding , all right . How about a catch , huh ? Oh , I 'd love that , sir . You know , when my dad threw stuff at me , he never expected me to catch it . Here . Just put this on , here . My own uniform . Yes . You bet . And ... and ... and here . And this . Wow , my own wig . Yeah . Why ? You want to play catch or not ? I think so . Look , Howard 's dead , all right ? You 're batting fifth . After the game , we 'll all go for a steam .
Slack off !|Give me that hook over here , Bill .
Can I have my old job back at the maternity store ?|Fuck !
Somehow , we have to fix this up , McCloud .|He 's too good a man to lose .
Dead Mexican . Dead Mexican .|Dead Mexican .
Yeah .|So , what made you finally ask me out ? I mean , you 're such a studmuffin .
I can 't live like this anymore . What have I allowed in my house ? Shane was a good kid . Now he 's robbing his teacher .|I am so sorry that I exposed him to the world of criminal activities for the first time .
I 'm sorry , Doug .|No , I 'm sorry .
Murray . Luke is leaving town tonight .|Oh ?
We were right here . It was so romantic . Here ?|Give me your jacket .
They fired me , Barney . I guess it 's somethin I haven 't got through my head yet . So they fired ya , huh ? Well , well . You know , from where I sit , it looks as though that McCloud just did ya a big favour . He done me a big favour too . 'Cause it gives me a chance to speak what 's been on my mind for a long time . Listen , son . I 'm getting old , kind of stiff in the saddle . I need a partner , a man with some guts under his belt , like you . Come on in with me , Murray . What we 've made before will be just nothing ' . We can make ourselves a real killing ' .|Well , one thing I 'll tell you : Bucks thinks he can run this division without me . All right . Let him try .
I asked myself many times a day if I were dreaming .|That 's why it was so hard .
The more I love you , the less there is I can do for you .|That broke my heart .
Don 't ask me that . Of course we know who 's doing it ! And so does everybody from here to Cheyenne ! If he only had the wit to realize it , the fool !|Guaranteed Cherokee Indian snake oil ! Folks , it 'll cure anything that happens to be wrong with you . I had a woman who come to me not long ago . This woman suffered from insomnia . I 've got a letter from her here . I want to read you this letter . It says here , " Unless you leave town immedia ... " No , that 's not it . That 's a personal letter , my friends .
Could you put down the bat ?|Thanks . We brought back your instrument thingy intact and a replacement animal companion . It 's an iguana . They eat greens and fruits . Birds carry germs . It 's a major turnoff for the ladies .
I brought back your roller skates , sunglasses . I 'm gonna have to give you an IOU on the video thing . Anyway , Shane ?|I 'm sorry I killed your cockatoo . He was an innocent casualty of youthful vengeance . He taught me a valuable lesson about the destructive power of firearms ?
Oh , Luke .|Now , Marian .
Yun Shil left home .|I know . She told me two days ago that she 'd leave early today .
Murray .|Oh , Luke , please talk to him . You 're his oldest friend . He 'll listen to you . He must !
Excuse me . I 'm the person who called for the job . The young lady from Seoul ? Yes .|Nice to meet you . I 'm Na Yun Shil .
Where was that ?|We 're not children anymore , Nancy .
Welcome .|Have you worked on a farm like this ?
Marian , I know how you feel .|Half the time , I feel that way about him myself . But we can 't let him down now . Right now , he needs you more than he 's ever needed anybody in his life .
We 're not playing house .|I ask that you give yourself to me to be mine forever .
Take him away , make him sell the ranch , leave here .|I 've tried and failed . Now it 's up to you .
I 've tried and failed . Now it 's up to you .|Is that what you really want me to do ?
You 're cool ? And you 're guzzling coffee ?|Ignacio says it puts hair on your chest . Right . Spinach gives you instant muscles and an anchor tattoo .
Did Esteban tell everybody ? Everybody except for Andy . You might wanna take care of that one yourself .|You wanna buy a Fresca with a credit card ?
It 's his only chance . Marian . ! Marian . !|Let 's finish the game at Murray 's . I say , do you think she 's gonna like this ?
Yes .|Look , honey . Did you really mean what you said on the way home tonight ... about us leaving here ?
Couple thousand maybe , if that .|What ? I thought you said there was like a hundred and eighty grand . Was . Look . Look around you .
Hello , I 'm from Wolgyesu Tailor Shop . I came here once with Yun Shil .|I remember you . Do you know of anywhere she might be ... or anyone she might call ? She disappeared and I 'm trying to find her .
I 'm gonna ride a ways with Barney . There 's a ... little deal I 've got to clean up with him . You better get yourself some sleep .|Let 's go . Come on .
You see , last night on the way home , I talked to Murray , just as you asked me to . I finally persuaded him that we should go away . Then he got the idea of selling out to Rebstock .|What 's the matter , Luke ? Early this morning at Tower " W , " Rebstock 's outfit held up Number Three . Made off with a lot of money . The worst of it was they killed a guard .
Means " Go fuck yourself in the ass . "|This is fun .
Do you think Murray had any part in it ? I wish I could say no .|Marian , you 'd better go to Emmy 's .
No , this is fun .|What ?
They got Baggs . !|Give him the best ya got , Doc . McCloud , you 'd better stay here with him .
The commercial you turned down .|They 'll shoot on another day . So you 'll have to do it . They adjusted the date ? How did that happen ? That was nothing to me .
Sounds like somebody got behind us . Keep pressing ' em , Sheriff . I 'm going on back . Right . Come on ! Come on , Bill !|One of you boys better help me plug up this hole . I left a trail a blind man could follow . I 'll get it , Murray .
I sorted things out for you ! Don 't sabotage my efforts ! You have the upper hand , so act like it !|Okay . I will .
Okay . I will .|Excuse me .
Excuse me .|Hello . Have you talked to Yun Shil today ?
Yun Shil ... disappeared . What do you mean , Yun Shil is missing ?|I don 't know . I went to her room and saw a letter . She was gone . Are you saying that Yun Shil left home ... without telling you ?
Nice to meet you .|Hop in , darling . You look like you could use a ride .
I 'll call you later .|Bye , honey .
Marian . Luke !|Oh , Luke , why did you come back ? Why ? Why ? Murray 's in the house , isn 't he ? Yes , but he 's hurt badly .
Oh , Luke , why did you come back ? Why ? Why ? Murray 's in the house , isn 't he ? Yes , but he 's hurt badly .|You and Bill go get the doc . I 'll stay here and see if I can help him . Oh , Luke , please don 't go in there . Please don 't ! He 's crazy . He 's like a madman . Get goin ' , Bill . Get that buckboard out of here fast . Watch your step , Smitty . Come on , Marian .
I 'll contact every friend at hometown .|When the sun is strong , strawberries soften up and become valueless .
It 's just a name . I 'm not marrying the name , I 'm marrying you . You wanna be Nancy Botwin , keep your name .|Really ?
Since it 's your first day here , follow me watching how I do ... and start working right away . All right . I 'll do my best .|It 's just picking up fruits . It 's not hard .
See you next time .|This is ... . Got a pool and everything , huh ?
Are you there ?|Who 's calling me ?
Forget it .|Well , that 's how it goes . Ya gotta have the breaks .
Right on . Well , Ignacio said he thought Nancy might be down here , but she 's not . You fence , huh ? Tool . I fence a bit . You ?|I have no formal training , per se but I was Ren Mar JCC light saber battle champ ' 79 to ' 82 .
So congratulations .|Thank you . You 're a lucky man , Esteban . Just thought I 'd come down , give you and Nancy my blessing . Say there 's no hard feelings .
Hard feelings ? About what ?|Nothing . Forget it .
Nothing . Forget it .|Tell me , what is that strange sound you 're making ? That 's not how it 's done in Mexico ? You don 't have sound effects ? Well , if you care for a friendly bout , I 'll show you how it 's done in Mexico .
You speak so carelessly .|She didn 't finish the wedding ... nor did she register her marriage . Yun Shil is a single woman . It doesn 't matter whether she is a single woman or a widow .
Oh , well , yeah .|Yeah , all right . Yeah .
Yeah , all right . Yeah .|En garde .
So you and Esteban tying the knot , taking the plunge , buying the cow . Yeah .|Seems kind of sudden . Well , it 's not . Which you would know if you called back . Did you get my messages ?
It was our wedding night .|It was my brothers who killed him . And if they knew I was telling you this , they would kill me too .
It was my brothers who killed him . And if they knew I was telling you this , they would kill me too .|Still , after all these years , they would kill me .
How have you been ?|As a matter of fact , I 've wanted to visit you and talk to you . It 's nice to see you here .
As a matter of fact , I 've wanted to visit you and talk to you . It 's nice to see you here .|What did you want to talk about ?
They 've taken my son Dante , and they 're hiding him .|You must look to God . He has all the answers .
What did you want to talk about ?|Young Eun hasn 't changed a bit .
And , hey , God bless .|But when Esteban dies which in his line of work will be sooner rather than later ... . When he dies and you 're once , twice , three times a widow don 't expect Uncle Andy to stop by and make pizza eggs .
This is just a great big empty space with nobody in it . If he 's sitting up there somewhere , why doesn 't he give me a sign ? Mrs. Clericuzio , if you have faith , He will manifest Himself . Seek ye first the kingdom of God . I don 't want Scriptures and Prayers . I want my son back . I want something real , something I can touch ... something made of flesh and bones . You understand me ?|Why can 't you just help me get my son back ?
Why can 't you just help me get my son back ?|Will you ?
Please , Madam Ko .|All right . I 'll ask everything about her in detail .
It 's very simple . Dante Clericuzio is dead . I celebrated a Mass at Don Clericuzio 's request last year at this time . The mother refuses to accept it , that 's all . I don 't think she knows . Rose Marie Clericuzio suffers from a mental condition . She 's in and out of hospitals , shock treatment ... insulin , tranquilizers . They try everything . What do we do ? We don 't take her allegations seriously . I recognize that the family has committed wrongful acts , but the Church has to be there for them .|I just don 't want trouble with the Clericuzio family after all these years . You understand ?
Claudia .|How are things at the movie studio ? Christmas movie projections are off the chart . Were gonna make a hundred million , maybe more . That 's my birthday present to you , uncle . Such a clever girl , my niece , Claudia . So beautiful , too . What a wise man I am making you head of the studio .
This shop is nice . It 's neat and tidy .|I heard that you were living in America .
I 'm the human insecticide . But they 're big bugs , uncle . Huge , huge . The bugs , they come from the outer space .|It 's a real pleasure to meet you .
It 's a long story . I see . I have plenty of time today .|We have enough time to talk .
We have enough time to talk .|My goodness . I haven 't served you tea .
You over did it , Pop . You should 've used the wheelchair like we said . And what 's with the dancing when you can hardly stand ? What about my nephew Croccifixio ? He didn 't know that you wanted to see him , Pop . He 's still living in Paris with that movie star . He 's got an easy life living off his investments . I love the boy .|It was good to send him away . Get him out of this dirty business , but I miss him . Yeah , I know you do , Pop .
It was good to send him away . Get him out of this dirty business , but I miss him . Yeah , I know you do , Pop .|You gotta rest . Your heart 's beating like a bongo drum .
We need to get out of here right now . These people bludgeon innocent golfers for sport . What are you talking about ? They wait until you have the baby , then they 're gonna kill us . They don 't even need a reason . They 'll just do it and laugh .|That 's probably them coming after us right now .
My dad was a kid , he was forced to beg for food on the streets of Catania . Your father took him under his wing ... he reminded us everyday of our debt to this family . Well , I want to thank you and your father for your loyalty and service over the years , Billy . Billy : Don Clericuzio , he was a great man .|You 're wasting your prayers , you know . Miss Clericuzio ... He 's truly evil . Aren 't ya , ya old bastard ?
I 'll take Shane . Shane loves Best Buy . Your car is in the shop .|What 's wrong with it ?
We should have brought your grandparents here .|Once Dad 's new song gets popular , we 'll get to come to the broadcasting station often . We can bring grandparents , then . You 're right .
That 's your fourth THC cone today . You 're costing us money .|Double scoop of Cripple Ripple Fudge .
Track . That 's my girl .|You did it .
Keep the change .|I think I might actually be addicted to sugar .
Gentlemen . Waking up in my car with a searing headache unable to move for some time without blinding pain gave me some time to think . You all were right .|Having the heat lurking around a pot club , bad for business . So from now on , when I come in , I come in my civvies . Make sense ?
Athena , don 't open the package .|Don 't open it , Athena , don 't open it . Don 't .
Having the heat lurking around a pot club , bad for business . So from now on , when I come in , I come in my civvies . Make sense ?|Do you know this guy ?
Do you know this guy ?|How high are you ? So that was my apology . Now it 's time for yours .
You can 't go to the washroom in the middle of performing , okay ?|He won 't , of course .
I ... I was insensitive . It 's my fault . Why is it your fault ? Don 't beat yourself up . We were going to get through this together , so I have no idea why suddenly ...|I really don 't get it . Let 's have soju together .
I really don 't get it . Let 's have soju together .|Gosh .
So , I can die happy , and with a clear conscience . Croccifixio , Giorgio ... You can trust the Borgettos .|Some of us have never trusted Napoliano . My wife , she was from Naples . Not me . I hope everybody here tonight is beyond family rivalries and superstitions . The world is moving fast . We gotta keep up with it . Sicily , Sicily 's a small island . Our fathers and grandfathers came to America with nothing and ... in the space of a few years literally owned the great city of New York . Then they spread their power across this country . That is our legacy . Now someone is trying to take away everything we ever worked for ... fought for ... sacrificed for .
You two will meet again if you 're meant to be .|I know that the process will be difficult and painful , but don 't let your heart get wounded .
Bethany , it 's Cross . It 's all right . I wouldn 't hurt you , honey .|Bethany . Bethany . Look at me . Look at me .
You had someone like that , too ? You silly . I 'm a man , too .|Of course I have a first love .
God , I could use a foot massage .|Here .
Hearing this is making me feel better for some reason .|But I must say , I think that first love ... is like a volcano .
I need help .|I don 't have health insurance but I can pay cash . And if all goes well , there 's a bonus in it for you .
That 's what I like to see . Bros before hos . And weed over greed . Or is it greed over weed ?|Get down ! Everybody down !
This may sound strange , but to me , Yun Shil was like my first love .|No one has made my heart ... flutter as much as she did .
Yeah , he was smiling in those days . Did they ever find out who was responsible ?|For the bomb , I mean .
Excuse me . Visiting hours are over .|You have done a very bad and foolish thing coming here .
You wouldn 't have to roll it up at night , but I 'm showing you just in case . I see .|And these are candles .
Hey , wait a minute . No problem . I go to village near there . It 's my daughter 's communion . I 'm very late .|Do you supose he 's in the mafia ? Shauna , give me a break . He 's a peasant . " Stupido . "
You have to think about people around you , too . How can you just leave like this , Yun Shil ?|Dong Jin is devastated .
Dong Jin is devastated .|It 's really hard for me to watch him go through this .
So please come back .|If you can 't come back right away , call me at least . I 'll be waiting .
Cross , Lia Vazzi has arrived . Lia .|My dear friend . Bruno , bring him a glass .
You said that your friend and Dong Jin like each other .|Why did she leave out of the blue ? I can 't get a hold of her now , so I 'm not sure , but I think that she left ... because she thought that she 'd make his life difficult if she stayed .
My gosh .|She can 't leave like that , though .
He wants his mommy . I 'm empty , from the last pumping . Go pop a bottle in his mouth .|You 're trying to break me , aren 't you ? No . This is what parenting is . Shit and food . Shit . And food . Mostly shit .
I didn 't do nothing . Cross : Lia ...|Cross , you tell this freakin nut to let me down . The only Borgetto I know is Pauly . He didn 't do nothing bad . He 's a saint . Please , oh , God .
 Oh god !|Oh , thank you . I need a little more time to break this kid down . He doesn 't have anything to say . He doesn 't know anything . Guilty or innocent , we should kill him . This way we 're going to make another enemy .
Oh , thank you . I need a little more time to break this kid down . He doesn 't have anything to say . He doesn 't know anything . Guilty or innocent , we should kill him . This way we 're going to make another enemy .|We can 't afford to be soft .
I see .|What kind of side dishes does she like ?
Come here .|Dad ? Is that you ?
Hey , come on over here . Give your old man a hug .|Dad , this whole time I thought ... They don 't take out your Pop that easy . But kid ... how many times I gotta tell you ?
I had a bad nightmare . I 'll get it .|Excuse me . No , it 's okay .
Her taste is the opposite of mine .|Are you preparing for married life ?
Seeing you doing housework in an apron makes me ... feel like we 're already married .|We 'll be able to get married , right ? Of course . I mean , everyone already knows about it . My mum has no choice now . She 'll have to give us permission .
We 'll be able to get married , right ? Of course . I mean , everyone already knows about it . My mum has no choice now . She 'll have to give us permission .|Having drinks with you and Dong Jin ... is putting me in such a good mood . Mr Lee . You 're okay , right ? Don 't worry about me .
Okay , okay , okay .|Oh , goddamn it . Fuck it all to hell . Fuck . Fuck . Fuck .
Andy ?|Why is the bed moving ?
Why is the bed moving ?|Wow , I guess we had an earthquake .
I know my brothers did something . The probably have him incarcerated in Argentina somewhere . He 's probably rotting away in some dingy cell . Rose Marie ?|Look , sometimes in life we all have to face painful truths ... because truth is the one constant ...
Wow , I guess we had an earthquake .|You 're jerking off .
Young Eun .|Sam Do .
You haven 't heard anything from Yun Shil yet ?|No .
It looks like he went to see that woman at the bakery .|I 'll catch them in the act ... and crush them .
He drank 4 ounces . Nice .|You think that 'll translate into four hours ?
I know what you 're trying to say , but I 'll be better from now on . Please ?|Nothing is more pointless than married couples ' spats .
We 'll keep her under guard day and night with a couple of nurses . That way we control things . Nobody blames you for this . Dante was a psycho . My father couldn 't kill his own grandson . He maneuvered it so you 'd do it for him . For the family .|Can I see your arm ? No , I 'm all right . It may need stitches . Please , let me see .
Can I see your arm ? No , I 'm all right . It may need stitches . Please , let me see .|What are you , a nurse , too ? Well , you have to learn first aid things can get messy with kids . It looks like the bleeding stopped . You really should have a doctor look at this . I 'll get it looked at tomorrow .
I 'm not leaving . This is my bed . Say what you have to say .|Marry me .
Our sales are dropping , and the main shareholders are already turning their backs on us .|I need you to come back . I no longer have any interest ... in running Meesa Apparel .
Take a break . I 'll look after her for a while .|It 's okay .
Last night I had dinner with the woman I 'm supposed to be with . Wow , okay . Fuck you . No , no , no . She knows the right people . She says the right things . She wears the right clothes .|She 's the perfect candidate 's wife . But she turned you down , so now you 're here ?
She 's the perfect candidate 's wife . But she turned you down , so now you 're here ?|I love you , so I 'm here . And you love me . So I 'm here . And we have a beautiful baby together . So I am here . And I am staying here .
Congratulations , congratulations Congratulations on your first day at Wolgyesu Tailor Shop|Welcome , Mr Lee .
What are you doing now ?|I 'm congratulating you on your first day here . Who told you that you can sell things in front of my shop ?
I just want to pull the covers over my head and sleep .|I want to kill myself . No , please ... Don 't tell me that I 'm going to burn in hell . You 're in hell already , Rose Marie . This is hell , this house ... this family , this life . This is hell . You have to get out of here , do you hear me ? I don 't understand .
You take this , you watch movies , you feel better .|About your arm , life , everything .
Listen to me . I 'm no stranger to violence . I watched my brother get stabbed to death on the steps of our apartment when I was seven years old . I understand this . You stick around in hell long enough , you see the devil . I knew when I saw him my life was over unless I changed . I decided I wanted to live . I wanted to change . But you 've got to decide for yourself . What do you want ? A life , or this living death ?|I want ...
I want ...|I want to live for my son . Good . To stand up for him . To speak for him . Okay .
I 'll be back tomorrow .|They 're all around us ... crawling , slithering , wiggling . They 're only bugs . Mutants . Some the size of trucks . Hatching from all these eggs . I kill them all ... males , females , little babies , eggs and sperm .
I wanna go float in Lake Esteban . That pool has got a tide .|And me floating in it .
Do you like my watch ? It 's yours .|They will tease me .
Oh , right .|Eun Sook came by earlier in the day .
This actress ... better to kiss a fertile cockroach . You have to learn to get along with her . She 's a lovely actress . I belong with you . You 're the only girl I want to kiss .|You make me a good boy , no ?
Excuse me , but you don 't need any more enemies in this town . You 've got plenty . You haven 't heard the last of me .|I Claudia , take you Dirk , for my lawful husband ...  ... to have and to hold from this day forward ...  ... for better for worse , for richer , for poorer in sickness and in health until death do us part .
You 're never getting hurt again .|You should be worrying about Stevie Ray . He 's just a baby .
You should be worrying about Stevie Ray . He 's just a baby .|You 're still my baby .
What makes you call me , Sam Do ? I 'm sorry I haven 't been able to call on the pretext of being busy . By the way , I heard you came by Young Eun 's bakery this afternoon . What ?|Oh , I did . How did you know Young Eun opened a bakery ?
I couldn 't refuse . Are you saying that ... my wife knows about Young Eun ? Yes . When she heard Young Eun is single ... she got really tense .|Be careful .
You are so busted .|I can 't explain right now . I 'll explain later .
I can 't explain right now . I 'll explain later .|No ! Why would you do that ?
I need a steady supply and I 'm not talking nickel and dime bags here .|All right , I 'm big . Getting bigger . Major league . So you cut me a deal now and later , I 'll let you be my heavy . You can sniff out all the assholes in my life and then bury them in the yard .
Mr. De Lena ...|It was nothing , just a bad fuse . Thanks , Lia . Can I talk to you , alone ?
A person who will not stop until she gets what she wants .|You cannot kill Pilar . You 'd be shot before you even got close .
Why don 't I start with the person who 's been reporting to her ?|What do you think Esteban will do when he finds out you set up the mother of his son ?
How could you throw your own wife to the floor ? I told you . I said I won 't forgive you if you grab someone by the hair again .|Forgive me ?
He was a good boy , Pauly . He couldn 't even kill a spider . He used to pick them up and put them outside the house . Such a respect for living things .|What do you want ? My building contracts , my highway construction ... I 'm giving up all my enterprises . Don Borgetto , you 've got plenty of good years ahead of you . I have seen so many people die . Stupid deaths . For what ? Shot down in the street . I don 't want to die like a criminal . I owe that much to my son .
What do you want ? My building contracts , my highway construction ... I 'm giving up all my enterprises . Don Borgetto , you 've got plenty of good years ahead of you . I have seen so many people die . Stupid deaths . For what ? Shot down in the street . I don 't want to die like a criminal . I owe that much to my son .|You thought the Borgettos wanted to move in on the Clericuzio . Never Cross , never .
And his happiness is my happiness .|That 's pretty gay , Nurse Cesar .
I 'm not the one who should ask for forgiveness . It should be you . You 're the one who 's cheating on your wife with your first love ! I 'm not cheating . Watch your mouth , woman . What is this if it 's not cheating ? Why would you come here day in and day out ... without telling your wife ?|Where are you going ? We were in the middle of talking ! Confront me here right now !
I am homesick .|Perhaps your men can help me out to the car . Of course .
Perhaps your men can help me out to the car . Of course .|You remind me of my son .
Dr. Lehman .|Jesus , another one ?
I depend on you to handle ... my affairs with the other families .|Arivederci .
Jesus , another one ?|Are you stealing ?
By the way , it doesn 't feel right to be celebrating by ourselves . Mother and Father should be eating with us .|They 're not in a very good mood because of Yun Shil . Just stay put .
I find it too , yeah ?|Von Shalberg , I deliver a telegram .
Oh , right . Why did Yun Shil run away from home all of a sudden ? She didn 't pick up when I called this afternoon .|Honey .
About Mother ...|She knows Yun Shil and Dong Jin like each other , right ?
Okay ! Okay .|I get the telegram ! I get the telegram !
The only reason for Yun Shil to run away from home suddenly ... has to be because of Mother .|No way .
Father ... Excuse me , father ...|I 'm going to get these cold clothes off .
Like a knife popping the same balloon over and over . Only you don 't have to blow up a new one .|I can make the pain go away any time with a pill .
Your sister 's as healthy as anyone I know . Perhaps we don 't need you here everyday .|She deserves a little happiness ... after everything , don 't you think ? Yes , but I 'm warning you , my sister 's very vulnerable . And she may misinterpret your interests . And we don 't want that , do we , father ? A man in your position ? As a priest .
I can make the pain go away any time with a pill .|But I don 't want to .
I was about to tell her , but she already knew . Gosh , what do we do ?|Sam Do 's here . Sam Do , come get a drink .
It 's okay , Bethany .|Yeah , the dog 's okay . We 're all right .
Yeah , the dog 's okay . We 're all right .|It 's been on the news , the driver 's dead . Is it true ? Yes , he 's dead .
You saved our lives . We 'd all be dead if it weren 't for you .|It 's okay ...
How 's that ?|Celia ? Security , there 's a sweaty Jew in my hallway .
I came here to tell you something .|I want you to go . I want you to pack up tomorrow and leave . Why ? I can 't have you getting hurt .
I want you to go . I want you to pack up tomorrow and leave . Why ? I can 't have you getting hurt .|I can 't ... it 's too late .
So you would run if you didn 't have a family ?|I did not say that .
What is it ? What 's wrong with Sam Do ?|Did he get conned again ? It 's not like that .
Sun Nyeo .|Sun Nyeo , Sun Nyeo .
He 's crying a lot .|Why are you crying over something like that ? Aren 't you a man ?
I 'm sorry .|I made a mistake , Honey .
You know , the night I saw the devil ... my girlfriend O.D. ' d in the bed next to me .|I didn 't take her to the hospital . I didn 't do anything .
I 'm not that idle of a person .|Come back right now .
Come back right now .|If you come back now , I 'll forget about everything .
I find myself wondering ...|Wondering if it would be a sin if you held me ?
Yes .|I have doubts .
What 's that ?|Wedding present .
Do you have doubts about me ?|No .
Thank you for driving me , Hyo Won .|Hold on .
You love him . You 're going down a road .|I 'm going down a road .
I think I 'm happy for you . I think I 'm happy for you too .|See you downstairs ?
Okay . I 'll be back .|Have a safe trip . There 's no need to hurry so don 't rush .
Maybe we both better hold our tongues .|Get off me . You little bitch . I tell Vazzi you were snooping around in his room ... they won 't fire you , they 'll kill you .
Yes , Chief Director . I was waiting for your call . There was a board meeting just now . Because the annual sales and brand awareness were too low , they decided not to place Wolgyesu Tailor Shop at the mall . But I think I made my points ... clear about that with my presentation . This is off the record , but I heard CEO Min Hyo Sang of Meesa Apparel sabotaged it . CEO Min Hyo Sang of Meesa Apparel ?|Placing a tiny shop like Wolgyesu Tailor Shop ... at the mall ... not only lowers the overall quality of Jeil Department Store , but it 'll tarnish the pride ... of Meesa Apparel . Right . Okay . Thanks , Mr Kim .
There he is .|Did you tell Lupita to give the baby formula ?
How dare you spoil someone else 's business ... when you can 't even take care of your own ?|You jerk .
You jerk .|Thank you for sending us fresh and nicely shaped ones . Please send her my regards . I will . Goodbye .
They 've got Frankie Lips up at county awaiting trail . He 's going to try and cut a deal with the D.A. Everybody 's doing it these days . They 're writing books , making movies . Squealing is big business . And he 's got information . He was in Vegas . I 've got no doubt that Frankie Lips is going to sing to the Grand Jury . We should have killed him when we had the chance . That 's right . So we kill him now . We 've got a couple of guards up there on the payroll . We 'll give you a new identity . One with a prison record .|Are you going to need any help getting in ? Don 't worry about me getting in . You just get me back out , eh ?
You 'll have to sleep on the floor . We 're out of beds .|Allow me . Victor Bazzini . The top bunk is for you . That 's the best bed . I 've arranged everything . We knew you were coming .
You unwelded the door .|Bye , Gayle .
You proposed your tailor shop to be placed at Jeil Department Store ... and you got rejected .|It 's none of your business . How is it none of my business ?
If you try anything , I 'm going to call the guards . If I try anything , you be dead .|Tell me the story about going to Bali again . A difficult place for a zealous young priest to find lost souls . There are so many other temptations ... Hindu fused with Buddhism ... spirits , magic .
And in the mornings ...|A rooster used to start crowing before it even got light .
See , now , about that . Pilar Zuazo , she 's Manny Ramirez . You a peewee league pitcher . Gotta wonder , what the fuck you doing on the mound ?|You can 't do shit . You 're locked up . Don 't get it twisted , mami , I 'm still working . I 'm just telecommuting for now . Well , can you do it or not ? I don 't know . Depends if you can help me out .
Oh . I 'm sorry about that . Guys . It 's my grandma . I gotta pick her up . Could you possibly be any more unappealing ?|You are like a zoo monkey smeared in his own feces . Someone should follow you around with a pooper scooper . Pooper scooper . Huh ?
Do you take checks ? Cash only . Sweetie . I don 't have any cash . Oh . Shit . I gotta get outta here . But I have to go to an atm . Don 't worry about it . I 'll get you guys next time .|You see . Dr. Gromberg ... in the window was this display of socks . Beautiful . Fun socks . Every color imaginable . Cashmere . Next thing I know ... the saleswoman is wrapping up ten pairs for me . Forty bucks a pair . That 's a lot of money for socks . Does Noah buy you special gifts ? I can 't remember the last time ... he came home with anything for me .
Like it or not , we all have to work together now . It 's for our own safety . Why don 't you stick to breastfeeding ? Well , fuck you . Just do it .|Good . And you can 't kill him . If anyone gets hurt I 'm telling Esteban you tried to shoot me . His heart will break .
Get away ! Get off . Shea !|Anybody wet their pampers today ? No . You ? Hey . You . You 're in little Abby Staley 's class . Right ?
This is most disturbing . I 'll have to take it to the Church board .|Of course we 'll want to keep it completely quiet until it is resolved .
Big baby .|Seriously , tell me why we 're here or I 'm leaving . Well , now that I 'm a giant success , I wanna pamper myself . And I want to extend the pampering experience to my child , whose company I enjoy .
Anybody wet their pampers today ? No . You ? Hey . You . You 're in little Abby Staley 's class . Right ?|Well . You tell little Abby ... that she never finished what she started . Tell her I 've waited too long . And my balls are gonna burst .
She 'll take a bottle of the Sebastian Shaper Spray . Because she 's my salon buddy .|Wait , fine , fine . Fine .
Wait , fine , fine . Fine .|I want to apologize .
Later .|Excuse me . Is mrs . Gromberg here ? You just missed her . I put her in a taxi ten minutes ago . Damn ! Was she OK at least ? Listen . She 's old . It takes a lot out of her . If you can 't be here on time ... get somebody else who can pick her up .
Oh . Shit . Oh . Shit .|I can 't do this . Oh . You see . I have evidence to the contrary .
Not yet . Not yet .|Was he always like this ? Oh . No . Dear . No . Uncle Stephen was a great navy man . Very brave . And very dashing in his uniform .
Everything is lame .|Have my feet always been this huge ?
Have my feet always been this huge ?|Jesus Christ . It 's like I 'm a clown in a circus .
Whether you guys want to cut me a deal or not , I need some security . Some protection .|Come on , I keep begging for it .
Hey . My boy . My boy .|I wish you and Alex would stop . What ? Jeez .
Sort of . Who are you reading now ?|I 'm between books right now . Can you recommend something you 've really enjoyed ? I 'll make you a list .
It ain 't safe . And I don 't really feel like having my nuts skinned . There are some elements here that have my client fearing for his life .|Someone threatened you ?
Cool . Thanks .|And , hey , welcome to the villa . I grew up here .
I can 't remember the last time we danced together .|Hey . We 're gonna still see the end of the game .
Yeah .|Good night . Sweetie .
Yay . Eli ! What you got . Man ? What you got . Drew ? What you got . Dawg ? What you got . Dawg ?|All right . You ready for this . Man ? You ready for this ? Come on . Admit it . Dawg . You checking out my ass ? You like this ? Watch this . Watch this .
And I ask Blessed Mary , ever virgin ... holy angels and saints ...|Luca ?
Being a stubborn Gus . He won 't latch . He probably likes the formula . Well , formula doesn 't come out of my boob , so he 's out of luck . Okay .|We don 't really know each other . Why don 't we go to lunch or ... . That 's sweet of you , Nancy but I 'm not terribly invested in my father 's love life . Thanks , anyway .
Your fault . You try putting tequila on your tetas ?|There 's breast milk in the freezer . Give him a bottle .
There 's breast milk in the freezer . Give him a bottle .|And no tequila on the nipple .
The driver is waiting for us outside . He 's going to take us to the airport . It doesn 't really matter where we go . The next plane . Anything . Listen to me . I 've been called to Belfast . There 's so many people there I can help . Innocent children ... But you can still help them . You don 't have to be part of the Church . And I can help , too . I have money . I have to go alone . I have to go alone .|I love you .
How I love this woman . The people have spoken .|La Paz , Tecate , Ensenada , Loreto . Everywhere .
La Paz , Tecate , Ensenada , Loreto . Everywhere .|They support Esteban Reyes for governor of Estado Libre y Soberano de Baja California . My big , handsome governor . Oh , yes .
I am reborn .|Where is my daughter ?
Now Adelita speaks three languages and is going to Stanford or Berkeley in a year . You kept your boys close to you , no matter what you were involved in . Who made the better choice ?|I hope Cesar feels like cuddling tonight .
Asher .|Asher ? Asher ! Oh . Oh . What 's up ? Hey . Yo . Let her in . Man .
If you need me , the bishop will know where to get in touch . If I need you ? Of course I need you . I love you . I want you . I love you . I 'll never stop loving you . I need to remember what you feel like your face , your skin your lips , your beautiful skin .|Remember that I love you .
Remember that I love you .|Always remember that .
Take me home .|I want to go home .
I didn 't think anyone was in here . There are like seven bathrooms . You just don 't want Adelita to know you shit . Shut up . Nasty .|What are you reading , a book ?
Light in here sucks .|I 'll do the rest myself .
There will be nothing to run from . I can beat Pilar 's clown .|I fucked up my kids .
You 're not supposed to be here . This is a private cell .|Excuse me , speaken ze english ?
Excuse me , speaken ze english ?|This is a mistake . Guard ?
Maybe Adelita 's right . Maybe I 'm toxic . It 's not . You 're not toxic .|You 're his mother .
Let 's see .|Comfortable ... talking !
Comfortable ... talking !|Evelyn ! Ninth inning . Get in here .
God , help me . Now you going to sing , eh ? Wait , I can tell you plenty . Don 't kill me . I promise I won 't squeal on Cross .|Tell me what you know . I know who did it . I know who ordered the hits . I know who is out to get the Clericuzio .
Look . The consultants set up a Twitter for me . To connect with the people . I already have 3000 followers .|We 're opening my campaign office in Tijuana tomorrow . Would you come ?
We 're opening my campaign office in Tijuana tomorrow . Would you come ?|Oh , look . Govlover22 thinks you 're hotter than Gavin Newsom . Well , what can I say ? The people have spoken .
Evelyn ! Ninth inning . Get in here .|Lousy game . They should 've yanked that pitcher in the third inning . That was a big mistake ... a big mistake .
It 's like a pig . I admire the originality . And he 'll push the transfer through .|He could win this .
When I think of my mother ...|I think of her posture ... the way that she carried herself through life . She was upright ... with dignity . Always .
It 's probably better to go back to my room , anyway .|Better for who ? Everybody .
I could never mean that to you . I 'm not asking you to . It 's hard so know what you are thinking ... how you feel .|How I feel about you ?
And she taught me well ... in what to look for when choosing a wife .|So . Mom . I thank you .
Are you all right . Mitchell ? No .|Was everything the way you wanted it ? The service ? Not very religious . You 're standing on one leg . What ? An old prophet was once asked ... " Can you tell me the meaning of religion ... " standing on one leg ? " And what did he say ? Do unto others ... as you would have them do unto you . That 's my belief . We must be nice to people . And are you ? God . No .
" Shenanigans " is a bit rough .|I 'm sorry about Esteban . I 'm sure he 'll be okay . He 's too big to fail .
I 'm sorry about Esteban . I 'm sure he 'll be okay . He 's too big to fail .|I 'm sorry I shenaniganed your major life event . What is it ?
Oops .|You hate women . That 's what it is . You just loathe and despise beautiful women .
You hate women . That 's what it is . You just loathe and despise beautiful women .|That was totally uncalled for . That was totally unprofessional . You pompous , male , nazi , jerk .
Did you want something to happen ... with this woman . Alex ? Did you ?|That 's all I needed to know . Rebecca . I can 't do this right now . I don 't expect you to . But it 's out there now ... and we 're gonna have to deal with it . You OK . Little man ? It 's so retarded . It 's OK . Don 't worry . Man . Mom and Dad 'll kiss and make up before tomorrow morning . As gross as that sounds . It 's not mom and Dad . It 's dancing . What ? Dancing . There 's a school dance on Wednesday . Yuck . It 's stupid . I don 't get why anyone would want to do that . Isn 't your lady friend gonna be there ? You remember . The one you wanted to slap the ol ' Gromberg lip lock on ? Whatever . Man . Sixth grade dance . The spring fling . If anything 's gonna go down . That 's where it 's gonna happen . Trust me . I got your back on that one . Yeah . Whatever .
She has a nose ring . The runaway ? That 's your girlfriend ? It 's Abby . Thank you very much . No shit . I 'm impressed . Wow . Man . What 's wrong with a nose ring anyways ?|It 's in her nose .
Cool .|But you might wanna change your clothes .
But you might wanna change your clothes .|Yeah .
Oh , my god .|Help me .
You know . For thirty years ... every Friday I took the express ... from Grand Central . I used to love that train ride . Spending some time alone with my dad . Your mother liked to drive up on her own ... so we 'd greet each other fresh for the weekend .|The train would roll in . I 'd step out ... and there she was . Waiting for me . Always .
Rebecca and I are in some trouble .|Did you hear what I said ? Now what did you do wrong ? She thinks I 'm having an affair . With another woman ?
Thank you . But you didn 't exactly set the bar all that high .|Come on . Let 's go home .
Ya , ya . I 'm bad guy maybe . How about stupid , maybe ? Ya , stupid , too . Little dumkoff .|But I didn 't kill no little girls .
North of there , actually .|Like Malibu ? Like Agrestic . Where 'd you prep ? Agrestic High .
So she wouldn 't get boned by public dick .|I 'm just playing , Adelita .
So . How did Eli look for the dance tonight ? If you had been here to see him off ... maybe you wouldn 't have to ask . A little early for bed tonight . Isn 't it ?|Excuse me .
How about Judah ? Was he a mistake ? There are different loves , different marriages , and they 're not ranked .|I have been married for 27 years .
I need time . All right ?|Bec . I am sorry . I am so sorry . So am I. I 'm sorry and sad and exhausted ! Oh . God . Just ... talk to Barney .
My husband , okay ? The father of my child .|We have a baby .
Please be careful . Can you handle it ? Yeah . I got it . I think so .|OK . We 'll put him in the bow .
Now . Watch out for the ledge right there . Yeah . Dad . Where 's the bow ?|Right in here .
Claudia there could be a contract out on you right now .|Oh , god .
Her friends suck .|She kind of sucks . Great . There are two more like her in France who could drop by anytime . The potential for douchebag party buds is exponential .
Right in here .|Shit . My back . Christ . My back . Dad . What are you doing ? You could hurt yourself . Someone has to do it .
Shit .|Don 't tell anyone I was noble .
Don 't tell anyone I was noble .|Hey . Come on , let 's go .
Shit .|Why are you still here ?
Shit . My back . Christ . My back . Dad . What are you doing ? You could hurt yourself . Someone has to do it .|Dad . This is absurd . This is totally absurd . It is not . He lived by the sea . Now he dies by the sea . This is not a sea . Dad . This is Lake Winnipac . It 's not the Atlantic . It 's a sailor 's sky tonight . He was in the navy . Dad . He wasn 't a Viking . This is what he always wanted . This is what he gets . Dad . We got neighbors here . OK ? The hell with them !
Jesus .|Dad ? I 'm fine . I 'm fine . He held on for a while . Didn 't he ? The only way he knew how . You could have learned a thing or two from him . No . I did . I learned how to tie 36 different ship knots . The hell with knots . The man had character . You could have learned that from him . I tried to learn that from you .
It 's OK .|You really do like it .
You 're drinking ? Are you kidding me ?|Yes , I am . Drinking . Not kidding . Count me in .
Yes , I am . Drinking . Not kidding . Count me in .|Where 's Silas ? Holding Adelita 's hair while she pukes .
Are you really getting married , Andy ? Yes , he is .|And he 's using my ring .
Good morning .|I 'll step outside so you can get undressed .
What 's happening ? Hey . No talking . Jesus .|Jesus . Man . What are you doing ? I can 't believe I trusted you . Closet back here ? No . I don 't know . It 's not mine . Yeah . Right . Let 's get this out of the way . Move that thing .
Let me help you .|Don 't make me sit on you .
Somebody help me .|It would be good if you could find your way back to the church . It 's time to reach out to God . He 'll help you through this .
You got a key for this ? No . I told you . I 've never used it before . Come on . Get something ... anything . Give me the door lock . Asher .|Oh . My God .
All right . So what do we do ? We say something or ... It 's not about words . I 'm sorry . Of course . You 've done this before . It 's about this man 's connection with the sea . It 's not about you or me ... or words of grace . Push it to the water line . All right .|Now ... when I say . " Ahoy " ... give it a big shove out to sea . Aye . Aye . Captain . Sorry . Dad .
He left a letter for me to give to you in the event of his death .|God be with you , my child .
Look at us . Can you believe this ? You OK ? I 'm still here . Aren 't I ?|Asher . Honey . I didn 't know the shit was there . Mom . I swear . Save it . Asher . Do you realize how serious this is ?
Come on , baby , relax .|You can 't compete with Athena . You better settle for me , I promise you . I 'll give it to you better than you 've ever had it .
I love you . Too .|What the hell are you doing . Dad ? Insulin . Your mother used to do this .
Oh , oh , here 's your mother . What a head of hair she had . See your father ? That was love at first sight . That wedding , it lasted three days . His mother changed her outfit four times .|Mama 'd be very upset if she knew we didn 't see our cousins so much . Well , my daughter 's too important ... Manhattan . She 's the buyer for her department . And him , Mr. Bigshot . Ma . You see what he 's driving ? A Cadillac . He 's not a movie star . What business does he have with a Cadillac ? He makes one dollar , he spends two . Here , there , this , that . He 's running errands for Billy D 'Angelo . In California even . I said , " Leonardo ... what business do you have in California ? California 's no place for a good Italian boy . "
Holy shit . You 're a junkie . I 'm a recreational user , okay ? Fuck you . Is this from the stuff you were smoking ? No .|I think it was from the stuff I took later .
Perfect . I 'm calling your dad . Don 't you fucking dare . Okay ? I thought you were cool .|You never thought I was cool .
Dad . You 're not planning on this becoming ... a permanent arrangement . Are you ? Don 't worry . The doctor says I 've only got a few good years . Don 't worry .|You 'll never know Just how much I miss you
Giorgio , you married yet ? No , not yet . No time for that , Della . I 've got the time , I just ain 't got the man . She 's keeping bad company , a policeman . I was going with a police officer ... and my mother thinks that 's a bad influence .|Ah , little Della . Isn 't that what my father used to call you ? Well , little Della 's not so little anymore . Ma . Nice car , Lenny . Yeah , I got a deal on it .
So , you gonna level with me ? Hey , I got nothing to say , Giorgio .|What happened to you , Lenny ? You were such a good kid growing up . How come you didn 't tell us about Billy D 'Angelo ?
Two little girls isn 't smart . I drove ' em , is all . It was a rented car . Nobody told me about no murder , I swear to god .|You 're here to kill me , huh ? That 's why you 're here .
This is the captain . You saw what ?|I said , no one , repeat , no one goes on deck until this passes . Where is he ? Get two men out there now . Rescue the son of a bitch and bring him to me .
Giorgio and I felt we had to put this in front of you . There 's a defector in our family ... who may have infiltrated your families .|Who 's the bastard ? Billy D 'Angelo .
Believe it or not , Adam , I want to .|Did you have a big brother growing up ?
No , I wish I did . My dad was at sea a lot when I was a kid .|You know , even though my mom has the flu , I could 've stayed home .
Been hearing that my whole life .|Good to see you too , son .
I get updates from Tim 's grandmother . Can 't say I agree with her politics , but I do appreciate her fortitude . McGEE : She 's a good person , Dad . If you don 't mind aging hippies with commie tendencies .|You attend all battle exercises , admiral ? ADMIRAL : Negative . Joined halfway through . Boarded two carriers before the Borealis , all out of Ushuaia . How long were you in South America ? Nine days total . Very hospitable people . Gorgeous women .
Claudia : Lenny spilled his guts to the D.A. This morning . The drinks were loaded . Dirk passed out , the team moved in and killed the girls . Lenny 's in a safe place , right ? He 's staying at the D.A. ' s house , how safe can it get ?|He testifies on Wednesday . Dirk should be released immediately . You know ... we can get a lot of mileage out of this , Cross . The most famous movie star in the world framed for murder .
From the painting ? Where ? Where by the painting ? Over here ?|Oh ... there it is .
Adelita 's a junkie .|I think with the accent , it 's " yunkie . "
BURLEY : Wyeth !|We just wanna talk , Wyeth .
Where are you going ?|Wow . You see , these are the side effects from all the drugs . I knew it was only a matter of time before all this caught up with me . All right .
Who put this behind the painting , I wonder ?|Do you know who ? Jo ... ssss ... seee .
Wow . You see , these are the side effects from all the drugs . I knew it was only a matter of time before all this caught up with me . All right .|Boss , there 's no way that Shaky the Clown could have stabbed the commander with that kind of precision . I know .
Josie ?|Josie put it behind the painting ?
What we have is nothing . Not love .|It was for me .
It was for me .|Bruno was telling the truth . You know about our plans . They don 't . I was listening . I was listening in the kitchen , but I didn 't tell them .
She 's not pregnant , Esteban . She has a heroin problem .|What are you talking about ? Adelita ? That 's impossible .
Can 't .|He can 't .
McGee 's on his way .|Um , can we get you anything ? A soda , perhaps ? Adam here doesn 't need a soda , Ziva . Note the blank stare , dilated pupils .
Fine .|Isabelle Hodes . Brains .
Isabelle Hodes . Brains .|I have a team .
Burley . When ? Are they here now ?|Let me know .
Ladies and gentlemen , a terrible tragedy has occurred . Apparently , Bobby Bantz jumped from his hotel balcony ... about twenty minutes ago .|We all know Bobby had a hard time dealing with the loss of his command . And I can only say that I feel a tremendous sadness for him ... that he would be so desperate . On a happier note , I would like to announce ... shooting will resume on " The Fumigator . "
Well , for both of us . I don 't think he really understands what I do .|Let him know who you are .
Cross , come on . Don 't do me like this .|I 'm Billy D 'Angelo , remember ?
Come on , I 'm empty . Can 't you do this alone ? Lia , leave him alone . Come on , Cross . You get soft there in Paris ? Well , you know what I was doing while you were sitting at cafes and sleeping with your Hollywood starlet ? I was getting blood on my hands . Doing the dirty work . It 's time , brother . Time to get your hands dirty .|Here we are . End of the line . Last stop for the bottom feeders . No way out ! Nope . No way out . I was so close .
I built that sandbox out back .|Played so long and so hard , you fell right asleep .
About that far away from number one . It was yours . I never wanted it . I couldn 't have it . I 'm not blood . But I 'll tell you something ... if I can 't have it ... I 'm glad that you can .|Go ahead . Take me out .
Go ahead . Take me out .|Maybe I should let you do the noble thing .
Let 's make it six .|We 're counting yours too ?
A croquet mallet ?|I couldn 't find a golf club .
Vessel not stopping , sir . XO , one short burst , 50 yards ahead of the bow . Gunner , one short burst , 50 yards ahead of the bow . Engage .|Foreign fishing vessel is slowing , sir . Slow ahead , both engines .
Possession of stolen military hardware is a felony , LeBron .|Wait , hold up . Nobody said anything about stealing . Oh , so you have the tablet ?
You 're my father , you taught me how to kill . Hey ...|I was looking out for you . I was teaching you how to survive . It was the only way I knew .
Maybe not your better half ... but I love you , son .|You gotta know that .
These things take time . McGee should be happy they still have time . Luckily the memory wasn 't professionally wiped before the tablet was thrown away . I can still access the records . Access them faster . I 'm gonna go poke my mannequin some more . That didn 't sound right . So far all the names from the patient log appear to be crew members . Nothing to suggest who could have killed the commander . Boss , last to sign in was a Henry Newbolt . Match it up .|Newbolt ?
Who 's behind the glass ?|Who 's watching ?
All right .|Because I 'm sick .
So that meant the end of my career . It 's motive to keep the commander quiet . Gibbs , I 've been a lot of things . Been a lousy father , I 've been a son of a bitch .|But I 'm no murderer .
Well , I 'll be in the wardroom updating the operations plan . Oh , Nav , when you get a sec , will you move your things to the top rack ?|Seniority . Better rack . Right .
Boys , I gotta tell you , this room sucks . These drapes ... what are they ancient , or what ?|Some new paint ... get some life in here . And light ...
Seniority . Better rack . Right .|Come on up , Charge . I 'm just leaving .
Yeah , that 's much better . Now , as the ship 's most recent member , you gotta do that every time you come on board .|Commanding officer requested , Bridge .
I 've been thinking about going to Bali . It 's safe now , Cross ... for me to go ?|Yes Rose Marie . It 's safe . You 're safe . Do it . I wasted years , never took a vacation . I thought , that 's all my life is going to be .
A signal in from NAVCOM , sir . Medical emergency on Bright Island . Uh , currently 70 miles away . It 's a marine biologist , Dr Lisa Holmes . She set off an emergency beacon . She was talking on her satellite phone to NAVCOM when communication ceased . Sat phone broke down ? Well , it seems not , sir . They can still hear her breathing . They believe she 's unconscious . OK . We 'll break off towing the FFV . They can follow us under their own steam . Sir , are we leaving our two men aboard ? FFV 's sound . We won 't be far away . MCR , Bridge . Start port main engine in MCR control . Bridge , port engine 's still down . She 'll be good to go in about 30 minutes . Who the hell gave you permission to take that engine down ? It 's OK , Charge . I 'll deal with it .|What is it I don 't know , X ? Charge asked permission to take down the port engine . And since we were towing and only doing six knots ... You thought you could give permission without consulting me ? Get that engine back on line ASAP , Charge . We 've got a medical emergency on Bright Island .
Then I hooked up with the sweetest man in the world . Your brother .|I wish you luck , Della .
I wish you luck , Della .|And I hope you 'll be as happy in this house ... as I 've been .
Nav , take the ship . X , we need to talk . Now .|You were asleep !
Lisa , can you tell us what happened ?|OK , can you squeeze my hand ?
Do the others know ?|I 'll talk to your sister .
Ah , Tim , what can I do ?|You can walk with me .
" Katarina Munch "|It 'll have to be next to the desk .
Charlie 2 , this is Sierra 2 . Over .|Charlie 2 , this is Sierra 2 . Over . I can 't understand you . Do you know what he 's trying to say ?
This episode is about Freud 's American nephew , Edward Bernays .|Bernays is almost completely unknown today but his influence on the 20th century was nearly as great as his uncles .
Because Bernays was the first person to take Freud 's idea about human beings and use them to manipulate the masses .|He showed American corporations for the first time how to they could make people want things they didn 't need by linking mass produced goods to their unconscious desires .
He showed American corporations for the first time how to they could make people want things they didn 't need by linking mass produced goods to their unconscious desires .|Out of this would come a new political ideal of how to control the masses .
Out of this would come a new political ideal of how to control the masses .|By satisfying people 's inner selfish desires one made them happy and thus docile .
How 's it going ?|I 'm freezing my balls off !
But it was not always so .|A hundred years ago Freud 's ideas were hated by Viennese society .
A hundred years ago Freud 's ideas were hated by Viennese society .|At that time Vienna was the center of a vast empire ruleing central Europe .
Could be the murderer 's . Dwayne this is Nicholas Ramm .|Are you the expert from Oslo ?
I never had any trouble using appropriate force when I was a copper , but putting that knife into that lady 's throat ...|You saved her life . Yeah . But I nearly froze out there , sir . I 'd rather you did that than enjoy it .
Get back ! Get back !|ET ! Get down here , quick ! What 's going on ? !
As a part of the war effort , the US government set up a committee on public information and Bernays was employed to promote America 's war aims in the press .|The president Woodrow Wilson , had announced that the United States would fight not to restore the old empires but to bring democracy to all of Europe . Bernays proved extremely skillful at promoting this idea both at home and abroad and at the end of the war was asked to accompany the President to the Paris Peace Conference .
And propaganda got to be a bad word because of the Germans using it .|So what I did was try to find some other words so we found the word " Council on Public Relations " .
OK , relax . Shh .|Are you OK ? Just keep our arms linked . Are you OK ? You OK , guys ? Good . It 's freezing .
Are you OK ? Just keep our arms linked . Are you OK ? You OK , guys ? Good . It 's freezing .|No , it 's not . We 're too close to the equator .
Since the end of the 19th century , America had become a mass industrial society with millions clustered together in the cities .|Bernays was determined to find a way to manage and alter the way these new crowds thought and felt .
Bernays was determined to find a way to manage and alter the way these new crowds thought and felt .|To do this he turned to the writings of his Uncle Sigmund . While in Paris Bernays had sent his Uncle a gift of some Havana cigars .
ET ? Hmm ?|Look , I 'm not really one for speeches , but , um you know , in case anything happens to us I just want you to know it 's been a real honour serving with you . Yeah ? You 're a great seaman and , um ... you 're a good bloke too . And , uh , I think I 've learnt some really important stuff from you , like ... Oh , mate , just calm down . No , let me finish . No , calm down . I think I can see the top of a mast . What ? I see it ! I see it !
I think you did it .|Watch what you fucking say !
Watch what you fucking say !|I 've got nothing to do with that stuff .
And there 's no pulse . We 're gonna have to perform CPR . I 'll give her two breaths . You need to give 30 compressions in the middle of her chest , both palms . Here ? Yep . You ready ?|One , two , three , four , five , six , seven 26 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 .
One , two , three , four , five , six , seven 26 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 .|One , two , three , four , five ...
It made him realize that it was possible to persuade people to behave irrationally if you link products to their emotional desires and feelings .|The idea that smoking actually made women freer , was completely irrational .
Goods like shoes , stockings , even cars were promoted in functional terms , for their durability .|The aim of the advertisements were simply to show people the products practical virtues , nothing more .
I 've lived here all my life , Ramm .|Except when I studied , of course . I know Hotten . And I know that none of my children could do anything this gruesome .
So , ET , who set the FFV alight ? You or Jaff ? Jaff . Yeah , that figures . I picked him for an arsonist the moment he came aboard .|Hey , you OK ? Yeah , fine . Bit cold , but fine . Clear lower deck , clear lower deck . All personnel not on watch , muster fo 'c ' sle . Sorry , Jaff , but he 's going to have you flogged as an example .
None .|The Hartmann family ... The Hartmanns are not my children .
We must shift America , he wrote , from a needs , to a desires culture . People must be trained to desire , to want new things even before the old had been entirely consumed .|We must shape a new mentality in America . Man 's desires must overshadow his needs .
Not really , no . No ?|I 've never been present when anyone 's died before .
Beginning in the early 20 's the New York banks funded the creation of chains of department stores across America . They were to be the outlets for the mass produced goods . And Bernays ' job was to produce the new type of customer .|Bernays began to create many of the techniques of mass consumer persuasion that we now live with .
She just ... went . She was , um ... She was there and then she was gone .|It can be like that .
It can be like that .|When we get to base , there 's one last thing we have to do . Lisa Holmes . She needs to be ID 'd .
She found them by the road . She was such a beautiful girl .|Such a beautiful expression in her eyes .
Such a beautiful expression in her eyes .|But I ... if anyone had killed my child had done anything like that to my child . I would have killed them .
Dr Morrell ? Lieutenant Commander Flynn , Lieutenant McGregor . Hello . Were you with Lisa when she died ? I was . With our coxswain , Petty Officer Blake . What did she ? Did she say anything to you ? When we found her on the island she was conscious , but she was unable to speak or move .|I should never have let her go there alone .
Can we do this ?|Yes . We need a formal statement .
Mrs. Stillman , 1920s Celebrity Aviator : There 's a psychology of dress , have you ever thought about it ? How it can express your character ?|You all have interesting characters but some of them are all hidden .
I wonder why you all want to dress always the same , with the same hats and the same coats .|I 'm sure all of you are interesting and have wonderful things about you , but looking at you in the street you all look so much the same .
Yes .|Mum , this is ... Nicholas .
Mum , this is ... Nicholas .|He says they 've killed Finken .
He says they 've killed Finken .|Would you like a drink ?
Somebody has killed someone who maybe only maybe killed Katarina .|What do you think about that ?
Tomatoes in the soup ?|Yes .
To make it more meaty , sort of|What do you say shall we call it a night ? Call it what you want , but I 'm off to bed .
You can laugh all you like . The fact the feds are involved means foul play for sure . It 's probably some kind of poison , eh , Charge ? Yeah . Just like in these muffins . Nah , they 're good . As good as my mum 's , Chefo . You 're lucky to have any , with a skipper who stops engines without asking permission of the chef .|The new X running into something on the high seas . Aw . Might have known . Woman driver !
Don 't let the presence of a woman driver stop you , fellas .|Uh , we were just discussing my girlfriend , X. She pranged the car . I believe every word you say , Chefo .
There 's no toilet in the room , but you can use the bathroom in the hallway . You 'll have it to yourself .|Great .
Bernays also suggested Freud promote himself in the United States . He proposed his uncle write an article for Cosmopolitan , the magazine that Bernays represented , entitled ' A Woman 's Mental Place in the Home ' . Freud was furious . Such an idea he said was unthinkable , it was vulgar and anyway , he hated America .|Freud was becoming increasingly pessimistic about human beings .
If you want anything , I 'm in the next room . That 's good to know .|They got what they deserved . Didn 't they ?
Everyone here knows it was them .|So I 'll be next door , if you want anything . Next door .
So I 'll be next door , if you want anything . Next door .|Everyone here knows everything , always . You 're next door , And everybody knows . Always .
It is now a ruin .|Freud began to write about group behavior ; about how easily the unconscious aggressive forces of human beings could be triggered when they were in crowds .
Hi .|I heard someone playing bloody good piano last night .
For the moment , hold your position below the horizon . NAVCOM will put the Federal Police and Customs in the picture . Aye , sir .|Set and drift us towards the buoy at 1.5 knots , but I 'll make sure we don 't drift too close . Very good , Nav . Don 't wanna show them our masts and scare them off at this stage . Where are they ? Still on course .
Buffer , something 's wrong .|Booby trap ! Could be a bomb ! Get in ! Go !
Booby trap ! Could be a bomb ! Get in ! Go !|Come on !
And what job is that , then ?|Finken and stuff ... He says you have to get them to stop .
By stimulating people 's inner desires and then sating them with consumer products he was creating a new way to manage the irrational force of the masses .|He called it " The engineering of consent " .
He called it " The engineering of consent " .|Ann Bernays , Daughter of Edward Bernays : Democracy to my father was a wonderful concept , but I don 't think he felt that all those publics out there had reliable judgment , and that they very easily might vote for the wrong man or want the wrong thing ; so that they had to be guided from above .
It 's enlightened despotism in a sense .|You appeal to their desires and unrecognized longings , that sort of thing .
You appeal to their desires and unrecognized longings , that sort of thing .|That you can tap into their deepest desires or their deepest fears and use that to your own purposes .
President Hoover was the first politician to articulate the idea that consumerism would become the central motor of American life .|After his election he told a group of advertisers and public relations men : " You Have taken over the job of creating desire and have transformed people into constantly moving happiness machines .
Well , the , uh ... the new X did well . She reacted fast . If it wasn 't for her and Buffer I wouldn 't be in one piece . As far as the blokes are concerned , that makes up for hitting the buoy . Were they giving her heaps ? Yeah , and she heard ' em . Oh , God . Poor them . Yeah . Excuse me , Nav . Morning watch coming up . Time I wasn 't here . Well , so , um ... Bottom line , then , you 're OK ? Yep . Looks like he 's doing just fine , ma 'am .|ET .
ET .|No gambling on the ship . Leave her alone .
Thank you very much , ma 'am .|Oh , what is in that ? Oh , sorry . Must have given you mine . Ta . Navigator brew . Four clicks of coffee , four clicks of sugar . Guaranteed to keep the dead awake . Deltext in from NAVCOM . Oh , Deltext ? That 's gotta be bad news . I 'm sure the CO will be thrilled when you wake him .
But even as they gathered news came through that shares on the New York stock exchange were beginning to fall catastrophically .|Throughout the 1920s speculators had borrowed billions of dollars . The banks had promoted the idea that this was a new era where market crashes were a thing of the past .
Wait here .|Victoria ? Can you find Baste a bed , he 'll be here a few days .
And this is a public place .|Pissed off ? Pissed off because of your sister ?
Faced with recession and unemployment , millions of American workers stopped buying goods they didn 't need . The consumer boom that Bernays had done so much to engineer , disappeared . And he and the profession of public relations fell from favor . Bernays ' brief moment of power seemed to be over .|The effect of the Wall Street crash on Europe was also catastrophic .
The effect of the Wall Street crash on Europe was also catastrophic .|It intensified the growing economic and political crisis in the new democracies .
Just because I 've done shit in the past I 've suddenly become a fucking pervert !|It 's not me who 's dangerous , it 's them !
Them ?|They ... They bloody well killed my brother .
It was a powerful attack on the idea that civilization was an expression of human progress .|Instead Freud argued , civilization had been constructed to control the dangerous animal forces inside human beings .
Hello Niklas .|I suppose I should give my condolences .
Arggh ! Arggh ! Get down ! Spider , behind you . Don 't even think about it , Hawkie . I 'm not in the mood . Get down . Right , that 's you boys until we get back to base . Get up !|Move to the back of the boat . Move !
Niklas , who 's there ?|I can 't do it .
One of it 's mottos was : " Service , not self ! " .|But the Nazi 's did not see this as return to an old form autocratic control .
Contact still moving north .|Let 's spoil their day .
Forty beers .|Cato , Nicholas is going to drink forty beers .
Hands to boarding stations , hands to boarding stations . Assume damage control state three , condition Yankee .|That 'd be the drug bosses . Hey , Buff . Give ' em hell , mate .
Get your kit on . You 're entitled to this one .|I 'd like to include Swain and ET in the boarding party , sir . Did they come to you about this ? No , they didn 't , sir . The men on board that cruiser tried to kill them . I 'd like to give them the satisfaction of being in it at the end .
Stay there . Do not move . Chefo , Swain , ET , stay . Who is the master of this vessel ? Step forward . I thought you 'd like to meet the men you tried to kill . I don 't know what you 're talking about .|You can 't let ' em touch us . Can 't I ? You tried to kill them .
You can 't let ' em touch us . Can 't I ? You tried to kill them .|No they won 't touch you . In the navy , that 's what we call discipline .
Not hate ? No , .. hate ? ... Hate is delegated on the others , outside .|The mob ...
So come on ... Come on ...|Fuck off ...
I know who did it .|Let 's see ?
Goodnight , sir . 'Night , X.|Hi . Hi .
It wasn 't me ! Won 't anyone help me ? Watch what you 're doing .|How do you get that funny quiff ?
How do you get that funny quiff ?|How hard can you hit ?
Judging by the hook spacing , they 're using one of the 400m lines we 've been seeing a bit of lately . Yeah , with about 80 vertical lines . Hooks all over them . They catch everything . I 'd say what they 're after is shark fin . What , just the fins , sir ? Yeah , they cut the fins off and throw the sharks back to die . It 's really cruel . Good to see I 'm not the only greenie on board . If there 's one boat , there 'll be a few more , and a mother ship somewhere , waiting to collect the haul . Once we get these guys , sir , maybe we should go ... Take out the mother ship . My thoughts exactly , X. We 'll lie off below the horizon and take them at first light . OK , boss .|Hands to boarding station .
And in America too democracy was under threat from the force of the angry mob .|The effect of the stock market crash had been disastrous .
The effect of the stock market crash had been disastrous .|There was growing violence as an angry population took out there frustration on the corporations who were seen to have caused this disaster .
President Roosevelt 's in his inauguration speech : " I am prepared under my constitutional duty to recommend the measures that a stricken nation in the midst of stricken world , may require .|But , in the event that the national emergency is still critical
Big business was horrified but The New Deal had attracted the admiration of the Nazis , especially Joseph Goebbels .|Joseph Goebbels : " I am very interested in social developments in America . I believe that President Roosevelt has chosen the right path . We are dealing with the greatest social problems ever known . Millions of unemployed must get their jobs back and this cannot be left to private initiative .
Joseph Goebbels : " I am very interested in social developments in America . I believe that President Roosevelt has chosen the right path . We are dealing with the greatest social problems ever known . Millions of unemployed must get their jobs back and this cannot be left to private initiative .|It 's the government that must tackle the problem . "
Do you ever feel sorry for them ? Personally , yeah . They 're the bottom of the food chain , just trying to feed their families . Course , what they 've done is illegal , but the real scumbags are on that mother ship . I don 't want to be presumptuous , sir , but I could try and find out what you want to know . Yeah , picked up a few phrases . OK . Off you go . I 'll let X know you 're on your way over .|'Coral Emperor' The RO 's a bit of a cold fish , isn 't he ? Sometimes it can be an asset on a ship , ma 'am .
But they 'll keep .|I hate to see an opportunity to pursue the mother ship slip away . We can go after them on a more appropriate occasion . We 'll get ' em , boss . I 'm determined to , Nav . Sir , message from NAVCOM . Since we 're heading back , they want us to pick up a passenger from Bright Island for transport to base . Thanks , RO . A passenger , sir ? Yeah . It 's not that unusual . We do approved transport from time to time . Nav , set course for Bright Island . Give me a call when we 're in visual range . Yes , sir . MCR , bridge . Charge , I 'd like a word in my cabin about quarterly books .
Because ... Charge , see the specialist .|With respect , sir , they could stick me behind a desk for God knows how long . 'Hammersley' has a few months to live . The thought of not being here for that ... I understand . But at the moment , it 's affecting your work .
With respect , sir , they could stick me behind a desk for God knows how long . 'Hammersley' has a few months to live . The thought of not being here for that ... I understand . But at the moment , it 's affecting your work .|Go to the doctor tomorrow . If it 's treatable , we 'll work around it . But if it continues to impact on your ability to perform your duties on this ship you won 't have a choice , Charge .
Niklas ?|Hi . It 's good you 're here . I think Baste is waiting for you .
Bright Island ahead , sir . Shall I prepare the tinny to go ashore , sir ? Thanks , X.|I think I 'll go ashore myself .
What Roosevelt was doing was forging a new connection between the masses and politicians .|No longer were they irrational consumers who were managed by sating their desires , instead , they were sensible citizens who could take part in the governing of the country .
So , please let me thank you again , and tell you that I hope to see you all very soon , and wish you an affectionate good night !|Faced with this , business now decided to fight back , to regain power in America .
The campaign set out to show dramatically that it was business not politicians who have created modern America .|Bernays was an advisor to General Motors but he was no longer alone .
Yes ?|Hello . How 's things ?
Hello . How 's things ?|Good .
But having got the information on the position of this mother ship , why didn 't you just go after them ? It wasn 't because of me , I hope . Hardly . You may have noticed the foreign fishing vessel we 're towing . What Kate means is that once we 've apprehended the vessel , it 's then incumbent on us to deliver it to the nearest port , or at least transfer it to a Customs vessel .|If there 's one in the area , which there wasn 't . How frustrating for you . Hmm .
Got any hair yet ? Hey ?|A bit .
But such earnest instruction was to be no match for the powerful imagination of Edward Bernays .|He was about to help create a vision of the utopia that free market capitalism would build in America if it was unleashed .
Will you look after mum ?|Yeah .
I bet you always make the right ones . Generally . Although I have had a few lapses here and there .|Have you ever made a ... a really big mistake , something you totally regret but can 't undo ? I don 't ... Well , I can 't ... Nothing professional immediately springs to mind . I didn 't think so .
Look who 's the King !|Check out how good this guy 's head is !
Are you cold ?|You 're shivering .
Goodnight . I 'm just heading off watch .|Goodnight , X. Have a good night .
This is what we 've talked about , okay ?|Ah , they are so beautiful , so beautiful . Aren 't they beautiful ?
I can 't believe it !|There are only four of them !
OK . Imported .|Yeah . Come in . Sir . How did you go ? Bad news , sir . You 're up for two cases of imported . The engine 's fixed ? The boys are putting it back together as we speak . It should be right to go in about an hour . Great . I knew I could rely on your thirst for excellence .
We are in God 's house .|No , he 's not so clever all the time .
In the meantime , sir request permission to go ashore to keep my appointment with the , uh ... eye doctor . Of course . Go . Go . But hurry back . We want to get to that mother ship before the ' Kingston' No worries , sir . I will be in and out .|You have recurring corneal erosion , Mr Thorpe .
Do you want one ? I 'm sure it 's been some time since you read one .|I 've just read a bit about angels .
And so the rumors spread even faster .|Urban legends are a type of wish .
A wish that the world would be at least a little interesting ...|That 's what an urban legend is . let me try to help you out . this is what I 'll write : Have you ever heard a rumor like this ?
That 's what an urban legend is . let me try to help you out . this is what I 'll write : Have you ever heard a rumor like this ?|Brother ... email ... Your brother 's been playing four characters on four separate screens . but I don 't have the energy . It may be from a friend .
I don 't think I 've ever seen such a small bog .|Cheap to feed .
Brother ... email ... Your brother 's been playing four characters on four separate screens . but I don 't have the energy . It may be from a friend .|Whose friend ? Yours ?
When the patch comes off , I expect your eye to have made a full recovery .|You what ? I don 't anticipate any vision loss . You don 't ?
If you do anything to Mathew ...|All I need to do is squeeze a bit harder .
That 's right .|Shiro has beaten a alternating between going first and second .
There are two in the water now , boss . The mother ship 's taking off . Damn . Sir , we have to rescue the militants . I know . By the time we do , the mother ship will be back across the line and out of our waters .|Hear there , captain speaking . We have two militants in the water . Away sea boat .
But ...|It cut off its own piece 's advance ?
So what happens ? If you ear nuts ?|I spew my guts out , and my whole body itches .
I suppose I should go home . What if everybody was in on it .|Everybody . Then what would you do ?
You are winner !|We won ! I haven 't fought this hard in a long time . Were they really human ?
This is Charlie 2 . Roger . Out .|X , their weapon 's secured .
What 's going on ? Brother ... too !|You were definitely born in the wrong world !
My cousin , he was allergic to nuts as well he was eating chocolate once , and some nuts had got stuck in the machine .|And he died .
Can you hear , we 're calling the police ! So get the fuck out !|Niklas go up to your mum .
Niklas go up to your mum .|Don 't take my dad !
What on earth did you say to him ? I asked him if he wanted to see his kids again .|But how do you even know he has children ?
I don 't think it 'll be long ...|Brother ...
I 've always thought that life was an impossible game . A game for masochists . But ... It 's finally bugged out ! What 's going on ?|This game is total crap ! the right to be the One True God . brutal battle came to a swift end without a victor and the stars .
Fucking hell they suck , they suck !|Niklas , we 'll find your dad .
Niklas , we 'll find your dad .|Fuck my dad . My dad is a shit . No Niklas . Your dad is not a shit .
This game is total crap ! the right to be the One True God . brutal battle came to a swift end without a victor and the stars .|The single deity who had not participated in the battle won by default and assumed the title of One True God .
Everything sucks !|Piss off !
The single deity who had not participated in the battle won by default and assumed the title of One True God .|His name was Tet .
I see . So that 's why there 's a world where according to ten pledges . Yes . And by the way ... What ? Do you suppose you could leave us with a pair of pants ? Six : Any bets made in accordance with the pledges must be upheld . and you bet everything you owned . Right ? but ... You can 't leave us here like this ! Shiro . Roger .|Wait ! Kid ! At least let me punch you once !
Excuse me|Excuse me is it true that Raymond Hartmann has been kidnapped ?
David ! John ? You guys here ?|Stop there , sir . Australian Navy .
Only a question .|Nilkas ? Have they taken your father ? Nilkas ? Did they take away your father ? Cato ! Cato !
In other words ...|It all comes down to your skill at the game .
How 's the eye feeling , X ? Well , it hurt a lot when it happened , but but now I don 't feel a thing . Have a good night .|Just up here , thanks , mate .
Interesting . boy ? but I don 't play for fun . Bet all that money . What ? ! Do you know much is in here ? or it isn 't a game . was it ? Fair enough ... How about you can do whatever you want with the two of us ? whatever you want . Are you serious ?|We 're serious .
Did she leave a forwarding address ? Contact number ?|No . No , sorry .
Think louder .|Yeah ... Come !
I 'll do it .|I swear by the pledges .
Aschente !|Just a stupid kid from the backwoods with more confidence than anything . but it won 't work here .
Brother ... huh ? Poor thing . then walked forever under the blazing sun . Definitely a bad day . What are you talking about ? Nothing . You ready ?|I 'm ready . if you want . thanks . Oh ? Then ... boy ! Full house ! yeah . Sorry " is right .
It doesn 't work ... doesn 't work ...|Didn 't know you carried a weapon . Have you got a license ?
Look 'y here isn 't it Dwayne Karlson ?|Aren 't you at home with bronchitis ? Look what I found . A shoe !
A standard dry van , by the looks of it . Swept off the deck of a container ship in the storm ? Or a smaller coastal trader . That was a fortunate miss , boss . An understatement , Nav . Probably would have breached our hull . Take the con back , X. Put us bow into the wind , downwind of the container . Don 't want us floating into it . Good eyes , RO . Or should that be ship 's lookout ? Just a lucky spot , sir . We 'll need to record the container 's serial number before we decide what to do with it . Who 's up for a recce ? It 'll mean one of you in the drink .|Suit up , RO .
Suit up , RO .|He always goes paper .
Shiro .|She 's going to lose .
I see ... but this world ...|Seriously ?
But sometimes one just gets so bloody sick of them .|I spoke to Katarina last night .
Hey . Hey , hey . Take it easy , guys . Take it easy . Just a little at a time , OK ? Stay warm .|It 's OK . It 's OK . Passport here . North Korean .
And she really is an angel .|You know what ... ? She 's not angry at all .
Imagine getting stuck in a tin can like that . No wonder they 're freaked out . At least they can have a wash now , get rid of some of that stink . Why can 't they just have a shower in the juniors ? Spider , it 's against quarantine regulations . They have to remain on the quarterdeck . It just doesn 't seem right , that 's all . You really want to share your rack with some smelly illegal ? Great . Hey , RO . Why don 't you go below , get out of your stinger suit ? I 'm alright . It wasn 't a request .|Five North Korean nationals . All in need of varying degrees of medical treatment . None serious . What 's your ETA at base , sir ? 1600 . Roger . We 'll have ambulances standing by .
Is this all we have ? maybe we 're lucky we 've still got this much .|I can 't get a signal . I 'm sure .
They 're talking about seafood . No , they gave me some crabs on Bright Island .|Chefo , tell them about the crabs in the freezer . I don 't know what you 're talking about , mate . Well , then , hooroo , Spider . Keep up the good work , mate . See you later , fellas ! See you , mate ! Spider . Sir ?
You should have been at the party , Niklas .|Have a seat .
Have a seat .|Excuse the mess . We collect videos , you see . There 's more in the attic .
Do you still think there 's more to that place than the official word ? I 'm still unclear as to why the feds are involved . Well , I 'm sure if something serious was going on there , they 'd never have let Ursula Morrell back on the island . You 'd think so .|Although Ursula seems to have disappeared . And I can 't locate her .
If you 're really concerned , you should definitely notify the feds about it .|This is from Marshall .
Dressed up in weird clothes ... Finn Kristian borrowed a dress , and ... it was funny . We always used to watch it at Christmas . It was very funny .|I was in it and I played the mother . It was a Mafia film , I had to say stuff like " grande , mamma mia " , all the time .
Taking over my duties , sir ?|Um ... take a seat , RO .
Shiro . right ?|Why would they try to go back to a world like that ? too ...
RO , one of the most difficult aspects of my job as commanding officer of this ship is ... having to give people bad news .|How can I help you , sir ? It 's my unfortunate duty to inform you that your father ... has just passed away .
How can I help you , sir ? It 's my unfortunate duty to inform you that your father ... has just passed away .|Please accept my deepest condolences on behalf of myself and of the entire ship 's company .
Please accept my deepest condolences on behalf of myself and of the entire ship 's company .|Sorry .
Sorry .|I thought for a second then you were going to sack me .
Golf next weekend , Marv ? How 's that tax report coming , Marv ? At your age , erectile dysfunction is nothing to be ashamed of , Marv .|It was a beautiful moment . But then a thought popped into my head , kids . The same thought that will pop into your heads the first time you see your best friend holding their baby .
That guy 's a dad .|Oh , I think he 's hungry . Oh , we 'll give you some privacy .
Well , you 'll need some time off . At least for the funeral . I won 't be going to any funeral , sir .|I 'd better get back to work .
Wow . Seeing them in there all together like that , they 're a family , you know ? That 's what I want . Oh , Ted , I 'm glad we 're friends again . Me , too . Because as your friend , I have to tell you : You 're full of crap !|You say you want a family , you say you want to meet " The One , " but you are always chasing the wrong women . That is not true . Look at the women you date , starting with me : I told you right away I didn 't want marriage or kids . Stella had a child with another man who she still loved . Zoey was married and trying to sabotage your career and wore a lot of stupid hats . Hats were in that year , kind of . Name one exception .
Er , by the way well done this morning . Thank you , sir .|Do you have ANY insight into what just happened then ? Oh , you mean the absolute lack of reaction ? Yeah . Unfortunately not . I don 't have any idea of RO 's family circumstances , but that was ... disturbing . And he doesn 't make you feel like you can ask . It 's like there 's this brick wall . For a communicator , he is ... strangely uncommunicative . Well , people react to loss in different ways , I guess . His father couldn 't be that old . Maybe he 's in shock . In which case , there may be a delayed reaction . Ah , that 's true . We should be alert for it . It could become a duty of care issue . Keep an eye on him , X. Yeah .
Thank God you 're still here !|Welcome home .
Tongue kiss ! Tongie !|That 's more like it .
Come on now ... off with the shirt . Come on yourself ! Good God coward ! So come on .|You do it .
I saw your film .|Aha .
Glad you had that bag .|You speak English ? Yes ... er , some . You should have told us . It would have ... helped us communicate a little better with you .
Typical mum . She always shows that film .|It 's funny , hey ? When Finken comes in , with spaghetti in his hair . It 's funny ?
You speak English ? Yes ... er , some . You should have told us . It would have ... helped us communicate a little better with you .|Afraid . Uh ... sent back ... Pyongyang . Uh ... arrest by ... government . Uh ... shot .
Agent Murphy . Commander . You seem to be living here . Oh , just tidying up some paperwork .|Actually , I 've been meaning to talk to you . Have you heard anything recently from Ursula Morrell ?
Look . LOOK !|It was so easy , wasn 't it ? It was so fucking easy !
The marine biologist ?|Well ... it seems you know her a hell of a lot better than I do . Why would I have heard from her ? I have reason to believe that she may have disappeared . From her home or from the city ? All I know for certain is she 's moved out of her apartment . Well , it 's a free country . People move out of apartments all the time .
So . You ... me ... riding off into the sunset . Any thoughts ?|One question : FDR or Westside Highway , what 's the quickest way to the sunset ?
I 've shot Baste !|It isn 't only God who decides .
And the wife ?|I have to ask you to hand over the weapon , Nicholas .
Roger that , Nav . RO , commence contact procedure . I have a visual . Green five ... far .|I took your advice , by the way . Spoke to Agent Murphy about Ursula Morrell .
Slow down , you !|All right , what 's that ?
Are you saying th ...|What ARE you saying ? I find it strange when someone ups and leaves without even a goodbye . Is that right ?
Watch and learn , my friend .|Ice cream goes in here . Flower goes on top . Baby bottle .
This never happened .|Mr. Flanagan wasn 't banging my mom .
Well . Your flight left . We need to hold Mr. Stinson for further questioning . But you 're free to go .|Maybe I should .
Are you missing any containers ? Uh , we unloaded these two yesterday . All in order here , X.|And , uh , what about this one ? Are you the commander of the ship ? Executive officer . 2IC ?
Wait . Wait ! Wait .|Now go .
What is that ? Madam , may I please have the key on your necklace ?|Oh !
In Africa , they say that when you give someone a name they become your responsibility .|A proper name should capture the most important qualities and point them towards a certain kind of life .
I can 't see all the way to the back , ma 'am .|I 'm satisfied they 're not here . I 'm not , ma 'am . I recommend that we empty the container . Your recommendation is noted . Let 's wrap things up here . Ma 'am , I really insist we at least take some of these ... Leader , return to the RHIB . They might still be in there . Leader ... They could still be alive ! Return to the RHIB now .
Then Mom thought of Duma , the Swahili word for cheetah .|We all thought it sounded pretty good . So then Duma became our responsibility .
Will you marry me ?|Yes .
Episode 17 Do Hyun ! Do Hyun ! Mommy ! Do Hyun , it 's dangerous ! Get off , quickly !|Mommy !
Dad !|It seemed impossible that anything bad could have happened to my dad .
It seemed impossible that anything bad could have happened to my dad .|Before he got sick he never let anything stop him . He was always looking at the bright side .
You haven 't heard it yet .|Dr Soong 's a decent man and I wanted to help reunite him with his family .
What happened ? Who is that child ? Explain it to me .  I think the answer is already in your question . If it 's a child that doesn 't need to be explained , then you would not demand an explanation from me .|She 's the child of the man from before I got married .
'Prins Alexander' this is Australian warship . Stop . Heave to ... 'Prins Alexander ' , You have NO permission to come aboard ! NO permission ! That 's what he thinks . Make sure the gunner 's visible . Aye , sir . Gunner of the watch , stand to .|Trading vessel on my port bow . You should stop , heave to . We intend to board you .
It 's a life of someone born out of wedlock . Do you think other people would not step on her ? This is not a world where they will grow verdant just because their parents would not step on them . I am offering you the best environment for the child . If she grows up well and takes after you , she could have an important role at Seungjin Group in the future .|This means that she officially becomes the official successor to Seungjin , after Joon Pyo has ran away .
Our Joon Pyo has a kid , so I should be well !|He doesn 't even know his child has grown this much . Where exactly is your father roaming around ?
He 's nearly too old to survive out there .|Duma 's got to live the life he was born to . So we gotta take him back . Now . He doesn 't want to go . He doesn 't want to be wild . No , you can 't decide that for him , Xan .
Hey , Buffer .|Could these have been doctored ? Maybe , X.
You become free if you hide your name ? Up to a point . What does it mean to live freely ?|Not living how other people want me to , but just as I am . Living while doing what I want to do . Not getting scolded even I am living like that .
Not living how other people want me to , but just as I am . Living while doing what I want to do . Not getting scolded even I am living like that .|What do you want to do , Dad ?
Like a memory , yeah ? Like how I know I belong here on Grandpa 's farm . But there 's hardly any cheetahs left . Where else would he go besides our farm ? We 're here , yeah ? And then all the way up there .|We found him here . And just north and west mountains , yeah ?
I want everything out of this one . No ! You can 't do this ! Spider ! Sir , step back ! Step back .|There 's a false bulkhead here !
Chase , trip , bite .|So you and I will take him up next week . Okay ? We 'll camp out do a bit of fishing . It 'll be lekker , man , send him off .
Xan !|Xan , your father and I talked about this . It 's the only thing we can do .
Xan , your father and I talked about this . It 's the only thing we can do .|It 's the only thing that makes sense .
We can 't stay like this any longer . Go back to the mansion . It 's plenty enough that you 've rebelled that long already .|I told you I cut ties with the mansion already . You still haven 't finished your puberty stage ? Will you still be going through puberty until you turn seventy ? Up until when do we leave the kid unregistered ? ! That 's why I told you to put him on your family register first ! Why are you telling me to put your son on my family register ? It 's only proper if you put him under yours ! It 's not like I don 't know why you 're acting like this . But quit dreaming . The people from that house will not treat you well . Just live the way you originally do . And so ? You 're telling me to live off from what I make working in restaurants , and leave the child with no family register for the rest of his life ?
I know it won 't be easy .|We can do this if we stick together , Xan .
I told you I cut ties with the mansion already . You still haven 't finished your puberty stage ? Will you still be going through puberty until you turn seventy ? Up until when do we leave the kid unregistered ? ! That 's why I told you to put him on your family register first ! Why are you telling me to put your son on my family register ? It 's only proper if you put him under yours ! It 's not like I don 't know why you 're acting like this . But quit dreaming . The people from that house will not treat you well . Just live the way you originally do . And so ? You 're telling me to live off from what I make working in restaurants , and leave the child with no family register for the rest of his life ?|When I left the house , I cut off my blood relation , birth relation , any connection with them .  I wouldn 't be able to go my way . Does a parent put his pride first before his son ? And you still call yourself a father ? !
Dad , you don 't want to go home ?|No . Why would I not want to go home ? Your grandfather and grandmother are there . Then what about mom ?
Who is that child ? Who would she be ? She 's your kid . Seo Yeon gave birth to her in the States , and came back here with her . My child ?|Tear it . With your own hands . The only useful one in this household is Seo Yeon . When I left this house six years ago , I ended my relationship with that woman completely . Then take your son and leave ! I can 't put him on the family register .
What the hell ?|Whoa ! Wait ! Wait a minute ! Hold on , wait ... Listen .
What 's your name ?|Joon Young . Cha Joon Young . What 's yours ? My name is Do Hyun . Cha Do Hyun . Do Hyun ?
Joon Young , jump a little bit higher ! A little bit higher ! Okay !|What kind of employee are you ? What were you doing as this matter has turned to this ? I am deeply ashamed .
What kind of employee are you ? What were you doing as this matter has turned to this ? I am deeply ashamed .|So what 's our countermeasure plan ? We have strongly demanded for the withdrawal of any related news from each media company . The uploaded news articles on portal sites have been taken down , but there 's still a limit  . Have the car ready .
Some people think they used slaves or unknown machines . I think they used water .|They could have dug canals then loaded the huge , heavy stone blocks using ropes . "
Duma ?|Duma ? You in here ? Who 's Duma ? Is that your boyfriend ?
Wait a sec ! Come on .|It 's a woman ! She 's trapped behind the driver 's seat . I 'm going in . Hold this , hold this Johnny , wait !
It 's a woman ! She 's trapped behind the driver 's seat . I 'm going in . Hold this , hold this Johnny , wait !|Be carreful , man !
Give me your hand ! La mano !|Come on .
Former Seungjin Group Chairman Cha Joon Pyo , slim chance to return to position Former Seungjin Group Cha Joon Pyo under coma for 21 years , currently on treatmentFormer Chairman Cha Joon Pyo 's health deterioration issue resurfaces again|You properly exploded the card I gave you . The only thing left is for me to get my money 's worth . Anyway , if you break the promise that you made with me , there will be a problem . It 's a card I brought using the whole of the car and department store subsidiaries , there 's no way I will use it carelessly .
Her legs are trapped . She 's totally pinned . John . You 've got to get out of there ! The baby is sure . Save the baby !|It 's moving !
John !|John !
That must be the Salt Pans .|So we 've got a lot of map to go .
Anything else ?|I wish that from my husband 's family , I wish that there 's at least you to back me . The talk is getting longer .
Should we keep going ?|Yeah , that 's what I think too .
I wish that from my husband 's family , I wish that there 's at least you to back me . The talk is getting longer .|Bring some tea here .
Hey . What do you think you 're doing ?|What are you doing ?
Keep him safe .|That 's what we 're gonna do .
I am going south . Do you have a problem with that ?|Yeah .
Come get some sleep man . We 'll start looking for his family tomorrow . Are you sure it 's okay to leave you alone with that ? He 's not a " that . " He 's a he .|I am a father , in case you forgot . Well , if you 're a father , you 'll know what that smell is . I 'm sorry about the party . What party ? Oh . Helloooo ... thank God , you 've got power .
I am a father , in case you forgot . Well , if you 're a father , you 'll know what that smell is . I 'm sorry about the party . What party ? Oh . Helloooo ... thank God , you 've got power .|J. J. ' s at a sleepover , Walt 's on graveyard shift ... Hey , Bruce ! ... and the power went out ...
J. J. ' s at a sleepover , Walt 's on graveyard shift ... Hey , Bruce ! ... and the power went out ...|Baby ?
They will seize advantageous high lands for the Shareholders ' Meeting . There is nothing small for them to use as a card to bring the Chairwoman down from her position .|So what do you plan to do ? What are you talking about ? The Chairmwoman is currently unaided right now . Even so , she 's not someone who would extend a hand to you first and ask for your help . So ... I should be the one to go to her first , and help her ? It 's a matter of choice . Would it not matter to you if Seungjin Group falls into their hands ? What do you mean , it doesn 't matter ? It can 't happen .
Good luck .|Aren 't you a cutie ?
I could give you a ride .|You are thirsty , yeah ?
Hey , hey .|I did not say you could give some to your animal .
Oh ... by the way ... And this " historic " playpen violates every child safety law . That playpen was good enough for me . Come on Johnny , whose baby is it ?|Uh , friend of mine ...
Mom , you were the person who took me out of the basement and saved me from the fire , weren 't you ?|You remember that ?
Back then , was my name Do Hyun ?|You even remember that ?
A bush baby . How did it get here ? Same as me . Too many wrong turns .|Mashaka . Troublemaker .
Do you know there 's a big river ?|It 's maybe five days ' walk from here .
Which one we eat first ?|You understand , for us to live we must eat them .
And ...|And , you know ...
Holy smoke .|Xan , look .
Will you help me ?|Someone 's hungry .
What is your name ?|I , the one with this face and this gaze , am Cha Do Hyun .
Mikey 's a good eater , Mikey ? That was his name , in the vision .|Oh !
Come .|Go get him .
Yeah , yeah . Your cheetah is a great hunter . I 'm very impressed . He caught an egg .|You know , your cheetah he will not live long out there .
Just like J. J. I can remember when he was like this ...|Did he ... do the ironclad death grip around your pinky thing ? No he was more the tugger than a squeezer . Oh , when he was falling asleep he used to jerk out violently ... like a little punk rocker .
My dad and I found him over here .|So you plan to cross the Okavango . Yeah , so ?
Don 't be like this .|I rely on you so much . I became so strong because of you . I 'm not scared of anything when I think of the fact that you 've got my back .
That is a place of many teeth , my friend . It is a place to die .|I 'm not afraid .
There were nine , maybe ten people . They were part of a larger group ... smuggled in a rail container .|Anything else ?
The helpless one right now is you , Chairwoman , who has been isolated .|I can 't protect Seungjin with the amount of request you 're asking right now . When you go back and have the heart to beg , come back then . I 'll think about it . I 'll tell you what happened at the mansion 21 years ago . I have already seen through to an extent . I will learn about the rest by myself . Prepare a different bait when you come next time . There 's no way you can find out just because you said you will . The only one who completely knows about that incident is just me .
Fire .|Fire is the only thing that scares them .
Even if the whole world is pointing fingers at him , calling him names ...|Your father is the only son I have . No matter how much you try to deny it , just like you are your father 's son .
Hi .|Hola .
Hola .|I was hoping you can help me . Go ahead . I think you 'll probably beyond my help , but ... I will try . For five dollars . What ? I 'm looking for someone . Doesn 't look familiar . Hands up .
There 's a story in this .|I 'm not sure I want to know it , eh ?
I 'll go later . If you grow up and take over Dad 's company later , then I can also live proudly and openly . I told you that you had to do something to make that happen , didn 't I ? That I have to become the owner of Seung Jin Group . That 's right .|You 're so smart , my son .
You know , in the right hands this will kill anything .|Hey . Come here . Come .
So you have to do well , Joon Young . That way , Mom can go out into the world .|Yes , thank you to everyone , our precious guests , for attending this celebration and brightening this place , despite being busy . There is no formality today . I would just be grateful if you enjoyed yourselves . However , there is someone that I want to formally introduce to you all . The person who will become Seungjin 's successor after me in the future .
How do you say : perhaps there has been some mistake ?|Stop !
Stop !|Stop ! You gringos walk around here like you own this place . Well you don 't own me ! You owe my five dollars . And I 'm not leaving until I get it . Move ... so he can get to his pockets . Don 't think I ain 't gonna collect from you , too .
Thanks .|I think . That was some pretty good advice . This is no place for gringos , white or black .
A lot of diamonds came out of here . I know they did not get them all .|Always I look . One day , I 'll get lucky . Make rich . You . Stay .
" Be strong , Eva . "|" For me . "
" For me . "|Mami ...
I had no choice but to cover it up . The truth about my only grandson starting the fire . if I reveal that to the public , my son 's weakness , everything that occurred in that basement ... and the identity of the missing child ... They will all come out with it .|I had no choice but to cover it .
Why does it feel like this is the longest night of my life ? If I was gonna get worked over , at least I thought it was going to be by a beautiful Black woman . Bruce I saw something back there .|What ? About that woman , the dancer . I think she is connected to this all thing , but it 's not clear yet . I keep seeing her as a little girl . That 's weird . I had another vision too , off the guy with the pipe . I 've seen people like migrants or something trapped in a container .
Now 's our chance . Let 's go . Come , boy .|Rip .
I had no choice but to cover it .|That was to save you . Because it was the only way to save your father and Seungjin Group .
Rip !|I 'm here . Hang on .
Maybe it doesn 't exist or maybe it 's yet to be invented .|Here , in this small mountain village lives a man blessed by success . Well , more or less ... He 's just a temporary librarian but he 's an idol for the idle because he transforms books into plays . Who 's playing Renzo ? Renzo looks at Lucia and says : " Will you marry me ? "
Thank God for you .|Grace , we are lucky . This little stuff . No big stuff . Dig , boy . Dig .
He was asleep .|Dad , when you adopted me , why did you name me Mikey ?
Why you are stopping ?|Where have you been taking us ?
Yes .|Europe wants technicians , Italy wants new faces .
You 're not gonna get wet .|Quickly .
Quickly .|Fine , you stay there . We 're going .
What did he sacrifice ?|Everything .
Why are you cooking for these beggars ? Remember what grandpa used to say ? Everything that goes around comes around . Wake up , there 's global competition , time to steal food from the Chinese ! If you want food , just ask . Morato , the bread ! Here it is !|You see ? No Chinese involved !
Two fast cats , eh ?|Mashaka . Come here , boy .
Oh ... Oh , oh , oh ... How did little man sleep ? Come to Uncle Bruce and tell all . Little man ate , slept and pooped , which is more than I can say for someone . Too much info , man . How do parents do it ? It 's a good thing I was in a coma , I think worries of a newborn would have put me in one .|Most parents show in a walking coma anyway . You have a look at their eyes . Dead . No light on in the attic . Do me a favor , grab him a new outfit ? He looks dorky in this one . Ho yeah , yeah . The blue one puppies ? Yeah . What about the yellow one with fuzzy duckies ? He 's got the fuzzy duckies .
What happened ?|You found Duma .
You found Duma .|Yes . He was in a poacher 's trap . You were in a hog 's house .
Anything helpful ? They 're of me and him and it takes place in the future . I only know this little guy a couple hours and I keep seeing myself like watching him grow up . I feel like ... A father . Yeah . But Johnny . You know what that means . Maybe we never find his father . Maybe the guy goes back to Mexico . Maybe he couldn 't keep him . Maybe I end up adopted little Mikey . Or maybe something bad happenned to the father something that we need to prevent ? Did you see this ? It was on the mother 's jacket . It got wet . Ink 's all smeared . Looks like a letter .|I am counting the days 'til I see you and Miguelito again .
That is better than being in a liors belly , no ?|I 'm sorry for what I did .
It 's the Gymbo utopia , anyone can be a top manager !|We have to send a message to the north and warn the east . Colleagues , there 's nothing else to say , we have to give a clear signal to the right . To frighten the centre , we must send a strong signal to the left . Vote for a united Italy . Who shall we vote ? Any damn name .
My mother probably hates me .|Because I left her .
Rock paper scissors ? I have to go ...|Uncle Bruce .
You sure you don 't want to take Walt with you on this one ? I mean your friend with the pipe ? No , I 'll be fine . About you ?|Uncle Brucie ?
Come here !|Who is Giuseppe Garibaldi ?
Now , that food that will be an easy catch .|Maybe . You have any ideas ? Yeah .
I bet you all say nothing . Have to make an example then .|You see what happens ?
President ... They 've found a Neapolitan general !|The bodyguards too !
The bodyguards too !|Peppino , this isn 't a prank .
No . I can 't .|I want you to have it . I don 't want it . You don 't understand , Xan . People die for that stuff . I can 't take it . Okay . Then the water has it . Five , four , three , two , one ... Okay , okay , okay .
Trout .|What is your request ?
It 's okay . Take them . I want you to remember your friend Ripkuna .|I 'll remember you , Rip . But I hope you remember me .
It sure is long !|Think of an elderly man ...
What is that noise you are making ? When two cheetahs are lost , and they 're looking for each other they make that sound .|Hey . Lions . Not so long ago .
Do I have to wear a tie ? I was born with the umbilical cord round my neck , I feel like vomiting . Shall we practice your speech ? No , I told you , I 'm renouncing ... Exactly , your resignation speech is tricky , it 'll be the first in Italy 's history . Concentrate .|Fellow Italians ... senators and parliamentarians ... In virtue of the great consideration that I have for this role , I renounce ... Sorry , Mr President , " role " means " presidency " .
He might have gone to stay with friends .|Walt . What 's going on ? You tell me , John .
My grandfather would bring me to this place when I was younger than you .|The old ones they talk to me .
You lied to me John . Not to mention a little act of kidnapping among other felony offenses . How could you put me in this position ? This isn 't about you .|Who are you calling ? Child services . You do that and the baby is gonna end up dead . I need to talk to a case worker that I can trust . A woman named Carla Cumming , she 's a good lady . Walt , the system is flawed . That 's why I couldn 't tell you . Bring me , I saw the kid 's future , it 's not a bright one .
But we are not so different .|You know , nobody comes here anymore .
Who are you calling ? Child services . You do that and the baby is gonna end up dead . I need to talk to a case worker that I can trust . A woman named Carla Cumming , she 's a good lady . Walt , the system is flawed . That 's why I couldn 't tell you . Bring me , I saw the kid 's future , it 's not a bright one .|I made a promise to a dying mother ...
Damn ! I broke it ! Hey , don 't say " damn " . Caray ! Mike ! Don 't tell me what to say . Hey .|Hey .
How can someone just disappear like that forever ?|Yebo I , too , would be angry .
We 've been walking for hours , how big is this place ? 70,000 square meters , 1 , 200 rooms . But I 'll get lost here , the kitchen is miles away .|What if I get thirsty ? Champagne ? Whisky ? Rum ? A herbal digestive ? Orangeade , beer , Coke , lemonade ? No , thanks . What if I wanted a coffee ? Weak coffee , strong coffee , with a shot of spirits or a dash of milk ?
It 's says : " Friends of Carp Diem " .|How silly , look at this !
I told you , I give him three days . Mary , soda pop for all !|The General Secretary is in hospital , I 'm acting on his behalf .
And mine .|Very soon we will be where Duma is going . After I am going to go and see my family . See if they welcome me or not .
You 've got one hour .|There 's one favor I need to ask . Yeah , what 's that ? Make sure he burp for at least ten minutes , allright ? . What ?
See ?|Change .
It 's a prayer service for the woman who was killed in the van accident .|That 's Carmen ... Miguel 's wife .
Hey . Wait . Wait !|Now , breathe . Keep breathing .
Piero ...|NATO , banks , freemasons , great powers ... they 're all asking why we elected him ! My housekeeper asked me too !
And ours too . I don 't want all that money , I don 't need it . There 's a recession , people are struggling . My friend Luciano supports 3 kids with 1 , 400 euros a month . If he knows I earn that much , what 'll I say ? You tell me , you 're a communications expert .|Luciano 's my mate , imagine when I 'd ask him what to say to Putin .
Morelli , the communications expert .|I know you were recently fired ... I read it in the papers , yes .
Hello ?|Is anybody here ?
Is anybody here ?|My friend is sick . I need your help .
The subject just left Our Lady of Hope . Caray ! Psychic hotline works . Yeah .|I 'll get Miguel , and the only link to the accident goes away . We 're back in business . Vamos .
I hope for a greater collaboration between our two countries .|We 've read this wad of paper for an hour , can you ask him if he prefers pizza or spaghetti ?
Otorno .|Ainu . Ainu .
If I 'm talking bullshit , say so !|No , don 't say it ... PRESIDENT INSULTS THE EMIR TIME TO RESIGN
Xan .|I want you to meet my family .
People I keep seeing are trapped . They are dying ... from exposure , dehydration . I think that they 're in a second container .|Maybe one the coyotes never come back for .
Otorno , my son .|Melika , my wife .
Like a memory , yeah ?|You and I will take him up next week . Okay ? Camp out , do a bit of fishing . It 'll be lekker , man , send him off .
Of course .|No use in asking you anything ...
No use in asking you anything ...|I know you 're sick to death of protocol too . Well , I 'm going to eat a pizza .
What is this ? He knows everything . He figured it out . It doesn 't matter now . We took care of Miguel .|I gave you what you wanted , now let the others go free . Allright , our agreement .
You think I stole them ? Not you . But someone did . Is that all ? Is that all ? The best apples we have ! What do I care ? We 're being robbed ... and you don 't care ! No , I don 't ! I 'm sick of it all . Your apples , your pears ... I 'm fed up !|Don 't get so upset !
You want to put that away ?|You never told me which container it is .
General , I 'm coming ! A pizza and a beer ! I 've got the receipt !|I swear I won 't do it again , but don 't tell Miss Janis .
It 's the mystery of it .|When do we go to Paris ?
You shouldn 't have discharged yourself until you were well .|The President 's getting better , he 's more formal .
There 's no food like this in Paris . Will you make my bed , please ?|What for ? To sleep . Not here ? Who could mind ? Your husband . Return to his house ?
Who is it ?|Of course ... yes , sir .
The great powers want to see us .|Shit , not the great powers ...
Take that back !|Do you want to disgrace us ? You ... Stop at once !
Why do you think that we 're behind the President ?|Because his projects would resolve Italy 's problems . We 've always profited from Italy 's problems . It 's our main resource . They are an essential resource for us too . Without wastage , how do you keep your clientele ? Without disasters to resolve what can we promise the electorate ?
I followed him , turned him inside out , but found nothing . Nothing , until ... I listened to one of his calls yesterday .|Sir , you should read this bulletin .
I think somebody else might want to see him .|Yeah , I think you 're right . Good job .
In Paris , with the bars ... it would be a problem . But we 're here , thank God !|Why do you think I love the country ?
Thanks for this award .|I 've always loved trains and ... it was pretty cool inventing a solar powered model .
I 've always loved trains and ... it was pretty cool inventing a solar powered model .|I 'd like to dedicate this prize to the man who ... always helped me every step of the way . My dad .
I 'd like to dedicate this prize to the man who ... always helped me every step of the way . My dad .|I love you , Papi .
Goddammit ! These shoes were handmade , they cost me 3,000 euros !|This bulletin is crap , I 'll clean my shoes with this , in fact , you know what ? You do it . Go on ! I don 't clean up shit . I refuse .
Why did you cry out ? I fell off my bike .|Poor darling . Are you hurt ?
Peppino , why are you doing this ?|Don 't you like me ? Of course I do , if I could I 'd shag that poster of you !
If it were my lover ... and I took food to him at night ? First , I 'd make him pay . Then , I 'd shoot him .|How sweet of you !
How sweet of you !|Stretch your leg . Don 't waste Calvados ! It 's not a waste . See ?
Stretch your leg . Don 't waste Calvados ! It 's not a waste . See ?|You smell like an apple .
Let 's go to bed , okay ?|No , you want the money , this is business , not sex . It 's sad . Damn you ! Go to hell ! Fuck you ! I 'll get my diploma . I 've been missing Foscolo . Who is Foscolo ? Months and months of tapped calls and this is the result !
Peppino ! Peppino !|What are you doing ? I spend millions on posters when all it takes is giving money to the poor ! No , monsignor , I was wondering ... do you happen to know any poor people ? Natasha , your brother 's no good , he 's got a Porsche .
You made all this up ?|How do you know ? You 'll find out !
What a liar !|12 , 13 , 14 , 15 ...
We could have survived for a week on a square of chocolate as rich as those , Colonel . What ? You remember Dachau , don 't you , Kruger ?|My name is Hans Dauber .
Goin ' up .|10 , 15 , 25 .
I need full power .|Turbos .
Where did they come from ?|What gall !
What gall !|This is private property ! Read the sign ! We 're just out for a ride . Not on my land ! I 'll tell you , my friend , General von Bush ... he had the sign put there . If you can 't read , buy glasses .
Article 1 54 , Health and Safety law .|I 'll go .
Is this it ? That 's the linnet .|The nightingale goes like this .
She 's that way . Be careful !|Lts nest was up there .
Lts nest was up there .|Haven 't seen it for months .
Haven 't seen it for months .|You again ? Get out !
84,000 .|80 , 75 . We gotta get back down to some thicker air .
Yesterday I had to find an excuse . I made it up . I acted ... Like a louse .|Try to understand . This is war . What next ? Hay fever ? Go away !
You 're always in the middle ...|I didn 't do it on purpose ! It was just a small erection ... It happens to fish too , it 's natural .
20 .|10 . We 're going in , String .
Sorry , doctor ? Luciano isn 't stressed .|He 's healthy , he 's at peace with the world , always outdoors . Will he be okay ?
Now would you like to tell me why we did that ?|We just wanted to see if it could be done .
Help us , do it for Mr Ranieri , look at his state ...|It 's embarrassing , the President of Brazil is due , it 'll be a diplomatic disaster . Where were you when he disappeared at the hospital ?
You wait for the wind to change .|My turn .
What is it ?|Somebody 's here .
Mr President , I presume .|Jafar is 9 .
That joker is the President of ... The President of the Republic of Italy .|Mr President !
They 're discussing overseas trade . I urgently want to discuss protocol !|Enough of this protocol , there are more important things in life .
Uh , come on .|Who are you ? I 'm Sarah Lebow . How did you get here ? I flew in like a dove .
Who are you ? I 'm Sarah Lebow . How did you get here ? I flew in like a dove .|Well , what is it you want ? I want justice .
Whose ? The Bible 's .|Excuse me , my hands are cold .  I 've never been big on meting out biblical justice . That 's all right . The State of Israel will do that for you . But I need you , and your machine here , to bring a sadistic killer to trial .
That 's where Helmut Kruger is hiding . Never heard of him . Perhaps the name Hans Dauber ? Yeah , I heard of him . He supplies half the Third World with arms . Yes , but he is also Col. Helmut Kruger who ran an extermination squad at Dachau . Whoever he is , kidnapping a man from a neutral country is not my normal line of business . It was my father 's line of business until Helmut Kruger killed him .|Sorry . That 's all right . I 'm not here for your sympathy .
Mr President , you have interview requests from the BBC , CNN , Al Jazeera , Fox TV ...|What do you want to do ?
And how many of them did you personally capture ?|None .
Go to bed .|Mr President ?
Mr President ?|I 've taken back my resignation .
Yeah , I knew Harry Lebow . Codename : The Dove .| I liked him . He was , uh , killed in Paris three months ago . What killed him ?
O.K. If you say so . That 's better . Will you take me ? No , the others .|It 's them ? I 'm not sure .
I don 't need a testimonial . You know me . I always start out nice .|So , what 's your point ?
What do I do now ? Hide !|What kept you ?
So , what 's your point ?|You 're unbending , Hawke , unswerving . You think there 's a right and wrong , and that the right should always win . Not so . There 's gray and beige . There 's a lot of almost and compromise , political maneuvering and intrigue . The people who do that are in the business . You still haven 't made your point . Forget about helping Sarah Lebow . Let this Kruger thing go . She knows where Airwolf is . Doesn 't that concern you ? We 'll arrange a new hiding place for Airwolf .  Then you 'll know where Airwolf is . Yes .
Creativity and rigour , formality and kindness , protocol " on the road " ...|I want to be alongside you .
Nothing personal .  Yeah .|Never is .
But I was thinking ... we know that we love each other , we have to live together for seven years ... so Janis ... will you marry me ?|Yes .
Who ? Me ! Don 't worry . She 'll understand . You went in ? They saw you ?|Don 't let her husband know .
3 , 2 , 1 , fire .|Are you trying to tell me there is a pilot in that plane ? One of the very best of the West German Luftwaffe .
That 'll teach you ... to carry on . Shut up ! You say , " Jerome doesn 't love me " ... and behind my back ...|Oh , the one in the chapel . A hero in the Resistance . You don 't say !
He 's evaded the third .| Yes , but ... 
 Yes , but ... |Well , gentlemen , if you would care to start your bidding , Mr. Minter will be happy to record your offers .
Shit !|It was hot ...
He slapped me !|Insulting my mother , slapping my wife ! That 's my business !
I 'm fine .|Something cushioned my fall .
Why doesn 't he take you to Paris ?|Why does he stay here picking apples ?
And they won 't be able to prove anything .|Hey , you 've worked this out pretty well , but what if we fail ?
Afraid to fight .|Cold feet !
What is this racket ?|We 'll do what Brazil did , we 'll buy 200 billion euros of Italian debt !
This is the chateau . The Germans haven 't occupied it . They never even enter the property .|Near the house , the big lawn .
The matter is ...|I 'm feeling really nostalgic for the 70s .
Airborne troops can land there ... pass in front of the house ... through the park , to the sea ... a 15 minute walk ... to the wall .|There 's a breach in it .
You have no need to know .|Take care , Michael .
I 'm feeling really nostalgic for the 70s .|If someone made a mistake , they were shot , a pill was slipped into their coffee , or they were hanged ...
Darling , we all grow old , but you should be proud , no one ruined this country as much as you did .|Come on , let 's sleep .
Why ? Are you afraid that someday you might weep at my funeral ?| No , I wasn 't planning on it . Well , are you planning on smiling anytime in the near future ? Because if so , I 'll have any medical attention you should need  in case your skin should crack , or your ears should fall off .
To sleep at her side !|Tell her to blow .
Certainly , you have an extensive arsenal here , one of the largest and the most sophisticated I 've ever seen ,  but you cannot compete with the major powers of the world . I don 't compete with them . They compete with each other . I 'm a middleman , an arranger .|They develop , I sell , and collect a percentage .
Put these on .|What a pleasure .
I haven 't seen a president in ages .|Secretary , how are you ?
We could talk about it .|Important openings are coming up in the Secret Services .
Look at what six Exocet missiles nearly did to the British Navy in the Falklands .|If I had sold
How much can you spot with your scanners ? Uh , weapons , personnel , general building locations .|Start the scan , forward area , left to right . Got it . We 're approaching some buildings .
I wasn 't talking . You were snoring . Me ? Never !|It 's the German !
Start the scan , forward area , left to right . Got it . We 're approaching some buildings .|Hey ! Our beams are coming back scrambled . Nobody knows our frequencies , except ...
He caught on .|There he goes again . I 'll show him .
Here we are , Luciano Cassetti 's file .|I think we could ...
You called me ?|You knocked on the wall . Not us ...
And Archangel .|Flare .
I 'll climb up .|The ladder !
What is it ?|What 's this hold he has over you ? I thought it was the other way around . Look , I know that Airwolf belonged to the Firm before you took it . But whatever Archangel has going with Kruger is far more important than even Airwolf , or he wouldn 't have given Kruger our scanning frequencies . Look , we could have been blown out of the sky last night . Those weapons they fired at Airwolf last night wouldn 't penetrate it . Archangel knew that . Perhaps . But Archangel would kill you if he had to .
Come along .|Shut up and smile .
Hurry !|Stop that racket !
He also knows that our boy doesn 't give up once he sets his mind onto something .|Well , then what do we do ? Exactly what we have been doing .
Wait for Archangel to call .|Why didn 't you tell me ?
Why didn 't you tell me ?|You didn 't ask .
He needs rest . My parachute ? Bury it ! We will .|Do you need anything ?
He would 've been right , but my mother and brother would 've gone too for signing the papers .|Thank goodness you saved me .
You are important , too . You seem to have forgotten that . If I had , you would be on Airwolf right now on your way to Israel .|I could kill you .  Of course .
Thank goodness you saved me .|What is it ?
Janis ... this file ... has to be handed to the judges , like the others .|I can 't become like them .
Let go of me ! You 'll kill me ! Who ? Me ? No , him . He 's always after me . I 'll fix him .|I lied ... the first time I saw you . Now I know . You 're the only one .
I 'll need a vehicle . To do what ?|Rendezvous with Airwolf . Call them off . Very well .
Are you for real ?|All you say is " I , I , I ... " Behaving too much like a saint can make you a devil .
Will you be staying long ? He won 't !|Not a spare bed left . I 'll find one . Thank you . May I ask you a favour ? Name it . I must see Mr. Dimanche . Don 't count on me . Not that creature ! The rudest man alive !
 He looks disturbed . He has good reason to be . He is trying to call off that helicopter . Can he do that ? I don 't know . But it doesn 't matter .|I will use him to lead our air force friends to it .
I will use him to lead our air force friends to it .|Have a beacon installed in his jeep , and be sure that it 's on a frequency that the helicopter can 't detect . Yes , sir .
Yes ... you have to save this country .|What were you thinking ... Cash in hand sales , fake EU refund requests ... What the hell are you saying ? You mucked out stables for me too . You preferred cash in hand too , did I exploit you ?
Hawke , do you read me ?|Hawke ?
When you hear it ... come and tell me . 4 minutes before the Allies bail out ... at exactly 11 : 56 p . M ... I 'll blow up the commons .|The old lady 'll throw a fit ! Serves her right ! I 'll need explosives . I have some .
Hawke ?|Do you read me ?
See anything ?|Nothing for 10 clicks . He 's alone , String .
Plastic .|I 'll put eggs on top .
Goodbye , idiot !|I 'm making this speech to joint chambers to announce a resignation .
I 'm making this speech to joint chambers to announce a resignation .|Mr President !
I can do the last half of my life on one eye .|The eye patch is most charming , after all , it is almost a national symbol in my country . But the cane , the cane makes you look as if you are asking for sympathy .
The eye patch is most charming , after all , it is almost a national symbol in my country . But the cane , the cane makes you look as if you are asking for sympathy .|Hmm .
Your resignations .|I 've got proof , names , the figures of all your illicit gains . I 'll hand them to the incorruptible . Here 's a taster ! Come on in , pages .
You are as stubborn as Hawke .|Go home , Sarah , and take Sir Galahad here with you . Kruger killed my father . I am not going back to Israel without him .
A difficult choice .|I made a decision .
She 's charming , indeed . More than that ! She has a beautiful figure . And legs ! What shape ! A wood nymph ! No , a goddess ! You really think so ? She 's always on my mind .|She won 't listen to me . It 's hopeless .
Didn 't you , Michael ? The only plan I have , you all are ruining . What is more important than bringing a butcher like Kruger to justice ? Saving lives , many lives .|Most of them in your country .  We got company , coming in fast from the north . I knew I couldn 't trust that Nazi .
There 's always hope . You think so ? Of course .|How can I tell her ? I 'll do it for you .
Most of them in your country .  We got company , coming in fast from the north . I knew I couldn 't trust that Nazi .|You keep her here . Wait !
What for ? Sabotage . What a good idea !|Can 't you wipe your feet ? Look at those boots ! Please forgive me .
Nice goin ' , String . Yep .| So , he destroyed the interceptor , huh ?
This is no time to anger them .|Smile . Put them at ease . Really ? Charm them . Invite him to dine . At my table ? Of course . You 'll see . He 's very nice .
Leave it to me .|They 'll cheer up your room . Flowers ?
I wonder what Archangel would want for such a weapon , hmm ?|Archangel , he is obviously running with them now . Yes , you 're quite right . I could never trust him . That helicopter , it will come back now , won 't it ?
I adore them . Like all good soldiers . We 're so near and yet so far . There 's never time for a chat . We all have problems . What else do you need ? Have you clean sheets ?|Shall I loan you a book ? You have one .
Archangel , he is obviously running with them now . Yes , you 're quite right . I could never trust him . That helicopter , it will come back now , won 't it ?|I certainly hope so .
Even in little pieces I could find something of value .|You can 't go zooming into a foreign country and attack the residence of one of their nationals , no matter who he is .  Unless , I 'm on a mission for the Firm . Damn it , Hawke , there are innocent people in there .  ln the middle of a munitions bunker ?
You perhaps ?|You who point your finger and say : " Politicians are thieves ! "
What 's gonna kill us , Michael ?|Kruger has Thor missiles .
Michael arranged it . Didn 't you , Michael ?|Yeah , sort of . You put a weapon system like that in the hands of a man like Kruger ?  Who are his buyers ?
I 'm getting married !|Congratulations , Peppino !
My first champagne in years ! Let 's all make a wish . Mine ... is to see Marrakech again .|Palm trees ... camels ... Where would you like to go ? The beach , where we went as kids ?
You put the hottest missile system in the world into the hands of people who can 't use them .|They won 't know that until it 's too late . Ah , I 've gotta hand it to you , Mike . Now that 's brilliant .
Where did you go ? Lots of places .|What is your wish , Major ? It 's a secret . Then there 's a woman in it . I 'll bet there is ! You 're right . What 's her name ? I can 't . The first letter , then . " M. "
Thank you . So , we can go in after Kruger .|He cannot stop us . He 'd be a fool if he didn 't hold back at least one Thor unit to defend himself against you . So what ? All you have to do is push the button on that little black box . Which we don 't have .
Colonel , you told me yourself , money is no good if you 're dead .|Please . Let 's leave now . Let 's get out of here before the helicopter comes back .
Monsignor , what is it ?|You 've elected a new Pope , great ! Why are you telling me ?
It 's the prettiest name of all . I agree . Sister dear , if I ever have a wife ... I want her name to be Marie .|I suggest we adjourn . Don 't rush me . I 'd give up Marrakech , any day ... for a real cup of coffee .
What ?|Kiss the bride !
Excuse me if I slip out , I have a job to do .|Go right ahead !
Hey , it 's Lewis ! I can never find the damn phone !|MARGARITTE : Lewis , it 's the hot tub ! I did some research , man . It used to have a stripper pole in it ! They banned it because some tubs , when they get struck by lightning , they come alive ! b is alive , and it escaped from a mental institution and did some rapes .  What are you saying , Margaritte ? I 'm saying the hot tub is a murderer !
If you loved me I 'd ... I know . I 'd take you ... Far away from everybody . I 've decided you 're made for the city .|We 'd go to Paris .
We 'd go to Paris .|And we 'd go out every night .
No one has ever accused me of that before . I am not sure whether that 's a curse or a compliment .  I don 't know either . I 'll have to think about that . No , don 't . You 'd only be wasting more of your time and you 've already wasted the most wonderful part of your life . What about my father ? Did he waste his life , too ? He had his cause . He had his purpose . Yes , he did . But things occurred that gave him no choice . Hawke has no choice , either . Until he finds his brother .|Then , uh , it 's all over .
Then , uh , it 's all over .|Maybe .
I 'm asking you .|Please come out .
Isn 't that a bit ridiculous ? You 're not going to shoot me .|Ow !
You thought you could fool me . Who are you anyway ? First , let me go .|Answer me ! Let him go ! I can explain . Go right ahead . Speak up !
Answer me ! Let him go ! I can explain . Go right ahead . Speak up !|Come quick !
From right there .|Thank you .
 Here they come , all four at once .|20,000 .
Oop .|Oh , yeah . Here .
He 's mad ! My piano !|Put them in the cellar !
Cookie found him first .  : Great .|Where is cookie ? Cookie 's tied up around the front .
We 'll go later . Later ! Always later .|Men all sound alike . I came back to do a job . What about me ? For you too .
Thank you for opening up to me . That couldn 't have been easy .|Font : No one left inside Except employees .
At 8 : 30 on the dot .|Don 't forget . Andre , go to the old mill .
Five seconds .|Two .
Font : No one left inside Except employees .|All right , well , Is it possible we were made ? The killer has no idea He left a snout print at the crime scene . He 's still in there .
Would anybody like another drink ?  Hey , for once , you 're talking my language .| Thank you . Hello , boy .
 Thank you . Hello , boy .|You shot his ear ?
He just wouldn 't take me seriously .|What 's so funny ?
Russ and milt , See if the kid can i.D. Tuesday man from our mug book of johns . And everybody else , check out the dead woman 's past .|So , max , these are pictures of men that we think your mother Might have , um , known . Hopefully her tuesday visitor . Why do you think my mom would 've known them ?
They 'd be interested to know who you are . I 'd prefer to leave them out . This is a private matter . For the last time , where is she ?|What do you want with her ? A frank explanation between the three of us . I want to know how she feels about me .
There 's my math teacher .|Passwords usually come from our past . Things we remember , Things that matter .
Well ?|She won 't be in danger ? My word as an officer .
A silver thruppence can change a boy 's life .|If he knows how to use it well .
Who was that ? He didn 't say . He gave me this . A silver thruppence !|That 's considered good luck . The same man was looking down into the hamlet as I arrived .
It 's terrible !|What are you doing ? There 's not enough time . Get the horse ! Why ? Do as I say !
Well , yes , I suppose this is a certain kind of betterment . But it 's not so much enthusiasm that overcomes me , ladies , as curiosity , about who our new neighbour is to be . The gang master says our wages are to be paid by a London concern .|All correspondence in the name of Mr JD .
Miss Lane , for more than 15 years , I have taken out the early delivery , and I believe that entitles me to a breakfast on my return . What is making you so irritable , Thomas Brown ? Have you fallen out with Miss Ellison ? Ma 'am , I have not fallen out with Miss Ellison . My irritation is entirely to do with the lack of breakfast .|Minnie . Is breakfast ready ? It surely will be , ma 'am . In a minute .
Well , two suspects at breakfast . How many you think lunch will give us ? Hmm ?|I 've lived here my whole life , I 've never once been in this place . Hey , gary , how are you , man ?
Played here last weekend with judge walters . Of course you did . Man : We were playing golf with him Less than 45 minutes before he died .|Uh , where 's your fourth ? Nobody plays golf in threesomes . We do . At least , the last few weeks , we do . Our fourth was marvin lucas , Miles 's accountant . He was everyone 's accountant . Well , he was until miles fired him . Three weeks ago . Out of nowhere . Story is , miles Stormed into the guy 's office And accused him of ripping him off and fired him .
I didn 't really mean what I said about you .|But your silences , your manner ... got on my nerves . I 'm sorry .
But your silences , your manner ... got on my nerves . I 'm sorry .|Your stubbornness about staying here . You don 't care for Paris anymore . You 've had your fling . But you could think about her . What else do you think I do ? Why do I stay here ? You know what Paris would do to her ? Can 't you see ? I love her . I stopped living for her .
You may want to hang a sign on your front door .|" Only Refined Custom " There are , shall we say , lower orders , who pass along the street , and may wander in out of curiosity ! Hardly likely they 've ever seen a chandelier . They are to be actively discouraged .
So , one murder ? Well , i guess that 's better than two , But that just puts us back in the waitress 's world With no clues and no suspects . I don 't believe in coincidences . Really ? So , if you 're at the mall , And you run into an old friend you haven 't seen for years And you 're both wearing matching socks ... I assume i 'm being stalked . And when you hear about someone winning the lottery ... I start an investigation , milt , Because i 'm a cop . We 're cops . That 's what cops do . I smell something funny , I don 't shrug and walk away , I try to figure out who farted . Well , i guess it is Still possible that mr . Whitehall was murdered , But you 'd have to assume that your ...|That 's the third time that she 's left work early this week . And you don 't believe in coincidences .
You know me . I 'm from the chateau .|Neighbours must help out .
Fine . I like her .|But it doesn 't matter . I work with her . Dating her would be Dangerous and unprofessional .
She 'll be the luckiest girl for many a mile . So , is he not your boy then , Laura ?|No , Minnie !
No , Minnie !|Alf is my dear friend .
A delusion , my friend . All I had to do was this . But I behaved like an officer .|You 're cracked ! Marie wouldn 't even look at you .
Donna thomas wasn 't killed with your father . She wasn 't even killed because he died . She was killed because , after your father died , You ... Read ... This .|My father 's will ?
She has a way of looking at me . It 's unmistakable .|I could have had her if I wished .
And it was just about greed .|You two were the ones that he taught how to ride a bike . You two were the ones that he played catch with , Laughed with , cried with . You loved him . He was your dad . But she barely knew him . And the fact that she was his child , too , that 's just , uh , A coincidence . How the hell are you supposed to get by On a third of a fortune ... When you can have half of a fortune ? You went there To offer her a settlement , Something reasonable , something fair , given the circumstances . You went there to make her disappear . Nobody even knows she exists . She might as well not exist .
Miss Lane , Miss Lane , Miss Lane ! We have so much to tell you . We have met him , in the flesh . We had the most pleasant encounter , with our new neighbour , Mr JD . If ever gallantry lived in a face ... But the most interesting thing ... The most interesting thing of all ... Meeting him only adds to the mystery . Oh . And why is that ? Because , Miss Lane , he is one of those men , who says so much ... By saying ... So little .|What a man !
What a man !|I do hope we 're not going to be a disappointment to him .
You 're hurt !|No , I bumped my head .
No , I bumped my head .|The door 's too low .
That was a nice try . I guess we should probably go get Those search warrants as soon as possible . No , there 's no hurry .|I assume you want access to our laundry room . You won 't find anything . Yeah , i 'm not surprised .
I assume you want access to our laundry room . You won 't find anything . Yeah , i 'm not surprised .|I need to head right over this way , please . Thank you .
Not bad .|You 're improving .
The deaf old goat wouldn 't listen to our complaints , even if she could hear us . I thought we were the Squire 's tenants ? Well , we live on his patch , so we 're our Squire 's pastoral tenants , but , Mrs Herring owns the house , so we pay rent to her . She 's keen to exercise her landlady 's privileges . What about her responsibilities ? What about Twister 's roof ? Sister ? Sister ? I don 't have no sister . A roof can be easily fixed . You could do it . And let her shirk her duties ? Oh , she would like that . Wouldn 't you , you old penny piker ? What ?|Ma , what 's a Pocket Venus ? it 's years since I heard that phrase . Didn 't your pa call you that as a girl ? Since I 'm here , I may as well collect the rent . Save me a trip ! Where did you hear that , Edmund ? The stranger said it . The one that gave me a silver thruppence . What stranger ?
I 'm so sorry ! You do it on purpose .|I know you do . But ... No " but " about it .
I know you do . But ... No " but " about it .|Listen to me .
I wrote something once . But then , when I 'd writ it , I couldn 't read it .|Minnie , is my bath ready ? I ain 't forgotten , ma 'am . That 'll be ready in a minute .
Another in the long list of your father 's charities .|Well , I like him , whatever he is . After all , he is one of the family .
Thanks . Enjoy . You don 't remember . Remember what ? It 's the 19th . Okay . It 's been six months since we filed for divorce .|I just figured since we 're signing papers tomorrow , we should go over the agreement .
Stop that thing before somebody gets killed .|Stop this thing . No , that won 't do . I tried that .
Why you , dirty ... Why you ... You 're my friend ?|Remind me never to talk to you again .
Mandarin . Right . It helps me service our clients who do business in the Far East . Ah . The Far East . Maybe you should open an office there .|Did you call me in here just to show off your Chinese ?
Our secret . To keep our spirits up , until Minnie gets the hang of the oven .|The lights are on in the hotel .
She has real musical talent . And I don 't want to catch you teaching her that oogly , boogly , doogly . That 's bop , man .|You 're gonna get bopped . Have you tried reaching him at home , Miss Mayberry ? Every time I go there , he barricades the door . I know he 's around here somewhere . I intend to stay right here until I talk to him .
Post ! Hello , there .|I have your post .
I have your post .|Hello ? Thomas Brown !
You stupid ... That bebop . I told you , if I get my hands on it , I 'll break it . It 's crazy , man . Crazy is right .|What on earth was that ? I didn 't hear anything .
Hello ? Thomas Brown !|Good morning . You have the advantage on me there , sir . Is that the mail for the hotel ? For the proprietor , sir . You ? I 'll take it . Good man .
It 's complicated . I think it 's important for you to know that Claudia served with me in Afghanistan .|In fact , she did two tours .
Let 's see . Sure , she 's a couple minutes early . Let 's get set , please . Now , this is it . I don 't wanna lose you kids .|Come in . The door is open .
Which is impressive , but , uh , what are we talking about here ? Is this credit card fraud or identity theft ?|Whatever you say here , stays here .
May I have your overcoat ? And your umbrella ? How about the cigar ?|Excuse me .
Something special . And for the first time , I felt I had a calling . But how does that lead to identity theft ?|I used a social security number I bought off the street to sign up .
I used a social security number I bought off the street to sign up .|The guy told me she was dead , that it was a victimless crime . So , then , you switched names to enlist . You 're not a U.S. citizen ?
Did this man say anything when he gave you the money ? Tell Miss Lane I shall call on her .|Nothing about the coin itself ? No . I 'll return it to him at the first opportunity , and I 'll make clear to him that I am a servant of Her Majesty , and therefore deserving of the respect that my uniform ... deserves .
My parents brought me here from Honduras when I was a baby .|Growing up , I thought I was just a regular citizen , you know , an American . Like all the other kids .
Growing up , I thought I was just a regular citizen , you know , an American . Like all the other kids .|But one day , in civics class , I found out I wasn 't .
Dogface . Dogface ? Well . I 'm sure he didn 't mean you . That 's the dog 's name .|I 'm terribly sorry .
They seem to have blown away .|I 've lent her one of my dresses .
Hey , man , you almost broke my record . So I find you abusing that boy again . No , I love him . I 'm sitting on him . Do you dig rhythm and blues , sister ? I say , dig , dig , dig , sister ?|Ernie , not now . I 'm telling you not now . Why not ? This little item is cool .
Ernie , not now . I 'm telling you not now . Why not ? This little item is cool .|Please Ernie , not now .
I got rid of Ernie .|I got rid of her . Now we can spend a nice quiet evening at home .
I 'd have to leave the U.S. and go back to Honduras . With no guarantee she 'd be approved or even get a visa to come back home . I became Claudia to be a soldier and serve my country . I never forgot that I was Sofia . It 's just ...|When I came home , she didn 't matter .
Do you understand what responsibility is ? It 's doing your work , so you don 't get scolded , like you scold me . Miss Lane .|Go and clean the attic up . I want you out of my sight !
Why would you say that ? To get an apartment or a cell phone , you need credit . And a job history .|Sofia Pena didn 't have either .
Money nowadays is pretty tight . Don 't you find it that way in your business ? Only with welshers .|Would you like me to take the throttle , Mr. Henry ?
Laura !|Take a look at this .
Take a look at this .|Minnie , don 't you think you ought to be tidying up the attic ? I surely will in a minute .
And I want to get things straight with Claudia Evans . I never meant to hurt her . Well , maybe we can work this out . With her , directly . Great . Whatever you say .|I just need to keep this off of Immigration 's radar . We need Reed Reed to handle this quickly and quietly . Tim , this is not a simple financial dispute . I know . But you 've got to handle it . Please .
We all belong , Minnie . No .|Not me . People get tired of Minnie .
Minnie , perhaps you 're not ready for a place yet .|It might be best for you to go home .
Hey , Leo .|See if you can get
Just the sound of his footsteps , coming up the path ... Laura ? Are you up there ?|Yes , ma 'am . What are you two girls doing up here ?
People vs. David Smith is there .|It 's ringing .
Leonardo , do you know why I hold you in such high esteem ?|My sense of personal style ? It 's because you anticipate my needs without me actually having to say them .
Hello . Hi , Father Mullahy .|No , she isn 't .
Yeah . I guess you 're right .|All aboard . Next stop Africa .
Not even us .|You better go home . Wait a minute . I think I 'll stick around and guard the safe . There 's nothing in it . They don 't know that .
The truth of the matter is , I 'm meeting a girl here .|Buddy Boy , hardly any girls pass by here . Why don 't you try standing over by the drugstore ? I 'll think about it . Oh , my .
Allow me introduce myself . I am the owner of the Golden Lion .|The mysterious Mr JD . There is no mystery . Indeed , I have here some invitations to the official opening , which I would like to post . Then , the whole town can meet me .
He most certainly did not .|And if he were giving you this information , you would be over the moon .
And you , Thomas Brown . And Misses Pratt .|Mr and Mrs Tarman . One for you , Laura , there . Hmm . Dr Ingrams .
Ms. Evans , thank you so much for agreeing to participate in this mediation . You said on the phone this was about my credit report ? That you could fix it ? Yes . That 's right . But , before we begin , I 'd like to introduce you to Sofia Pena . Ma 'am . Hello .|I never even knew until last week that you were alive . What ?
Kennedy , call the Welfare Board . Tell them we 've got a couple of kids here who need supervision .|Don 't you dare .
How about it , Henry ? Would you like a cigarette ?|Are you sure ? Mellow , mild cigarette ?
Are you sure ? Mellow , mild cigarette ?|Just get that aroma .
Just get that aroma .|Come on , we 'll light up and have a little talk .
Come on , we 'll light up and have a little talk .|Of all the lowdown , dirty tricks .
Immigration and Customs would take precedence .|She 's not legal ?
Claudia , if you could ...|I never saw that coming . Oh , my God . Oh , my God . I ... I 'm so sorry . You know what ? This is not over . All right ? This is not over .
Sit down .|Take it easy , Porter . Go join McKay . Come back later .
It 's James Dowland . His own hotel . Matchstick James ?|Rag and bone James ? He 's no matchstick now . If you ask me , the man 's rather too full of himself . Full of himself ? Well , that 's marvellous ! I think I met him .
You don 't seem to realize the seriousness of the charge . You 're being held on suspicion of murder ... and whether you cooperate or not , Henry ... by the time the District Attorney 's office gets hold of you ... I 'm gonna have an open and shut case for them .|Thirsty ?
Hungry , too , I presume ?|When you get ready to talk , we 'll take care of you . Come on .
This dough was stashed last night ... was that when the DA was shot ?|Look , pal , don 't start playing footsie with me . Now , wait a minute . I haven 't had much schooling . But what I did learn was when two and two make four , don 't fight it . What are you talking about ? I 'm talking about the light that just struck me .
Oh , of course . Course . How must it have felt to wear such a dress ? On your wedding day . To be so in love , that you give your whole life to a man .|If you can restore it as best you can , please . A labour of love , I assure you , Miss Lane . Such a fine piece of bridal work .
Hey . You sound sick . I 'm not . Hung over ? Oh , I wish .|Why are you breathing heavy ? It 's too early for that kind of call .
Why , you little crumb .|Mister , that 's the worst aim I 've ever seen .
Yeah . Huh .|Listen , the reason I was calling is ...
Bootsie , you 're very fond of Mr. Henry , aren 't you ?|Yes , Chief . In fact , you 'd do a lot to keep him out of trouble , wouldn 't you ?
Yes , Chief . In fact , you 'd do a lot to keep him out of trouble , wouldn 't you ?|You might even lie for him if you had to ? You 're being unfair , Lieutenant . Please , Father . Let me handle it my way , will you ?
Why , it is ! Bees , bees , look who it is . Twister ! It 's little James . On a great big horse ! At least we know he 's still breathing God 's air after all these years .|I always trusted that you knew I 'd come back , Queenie .
You know , I 'm really glad that we 're still friends .|Yeah . Me , too .
Listen . I 'll talk to you later , okay ? Okay . Bye .|Todd .
The biting rain .|James !
Um ... File a continuance .|You 're a good lawyer , Todd . You 're just in over your head .
Robert , is not the practical course to take some initiative here ? The old hag ain 't minded to do nothing about it . You said so yourself , Robert . We 're not shy of initiative , sir .|But those of us who pay rent in Lark Rise appreciate that what is needed is to fix the hole in our landlady 's thinking , or our problems return .
" We 're determined to give the Welfare Board ... " a bad time until they let us come home . " Please try not to worry .|" We love you very much . Shelley and Duffer . "
So , I am damn proud to announce that we have finally settled the Hang Seng patent suit , the largest of Teddy 's outstanding litigations .|And as a thank you to all ofyou , Christmas will be coming early this year .
How about a cup of that pennyroyal tea ?|How often did that restore me as a boy ?
You 're all getting bonuses .|The staff meeting is adjourned .
What about our hole ?|Minnie , what are you doing ? I 'm cleaning the oven .
I want to tell you something , Bud . They took all the children . The Welfare Board 's trying ... I 'm all alone .|Yeah . I 'm sorry . I will . Yeah .
Okay . Great work . Thank you . It 's a great win .|So , I spoke to this immigration lawyer , and he says ... I can 't afford a lawyer . I mean , I 'm already selling everything I 've got to pay off Claudia Evans . And I 'm moving in with my boyfriend . Wait . If I marry her , would that help ? Jeff .
Well , I know that Miss Lane likes you .|In fact , she told me so herself . That makes me want to buy a cake .
No kidding ?|Don 't you realize , you fool , we 're in danger ? These are desperate characters . Wait a minute .
Thank you .|Oh , my mother seems to love cleaning . There 's something makes you feel so proud about the results .
Oh , my mother seems to love cleaning . There 's something makes you feel so proud about the results .|I 'm beginning to think that girl is running rings around the both of us , Laura .
Ma 'am , I do not pine , and I am not distracted . Not everything in my life can be accounted for by Miss Ellison .|I have simply mislaid my bible , and , when I find it , normality will be restored .
Frank . Big Frank ?|See ? He 's pretty smart . He was smart enough to clam up when they grilled him at headquarters .
I managed to get us some spiced applesauce cake , Laura .|What is he doing out there ? He seems to be hammering something over the door .
What is he doing out there ? He seems to be hammering something over the door .|Why don 't you go and take a look , ma 'am ?
Why don 't you go and take a look , ma 'am ?|I have no intentions of doing any such thing .
I can 't take anymore . That 's better . I can 't see my pal mauled around like that . This is my bosom friend , my partner . A real pal . He took me in when I needed it most , I can 't stand this mauling around ... and beating him up like this . I can 't stand it . I can 't stand anymore of it . I can 't . Buddy Boy , I didn 't know you felt like this . You 're a good boy . Stop the mushy stuff .|We 'll tell you where the money is .
How is the Hemmond case coming along , by the way ? It 's coming .|I thought it was a simple financial thing . Well , as it turns out , it is less of a financial thing and more of an immigration thing .
One of you boys must have put an ad in the paper . They read you and ran . Come on .|We were standing right here ... when Mushie got the idea of hiding the dough .
Now take that record and break it in little pieces . What for ?|Shall I tell him , Flick ? Because there 's enough moxie on that little disc to put us all on ice for keeps . Only it 's going to work the other way around . You 're the one who 's gonna be put on ice . You and the little fat man . Now wait a minute . I 'm not going to break that record . That 's all the evidence we have . Smart thinking , little fat man .
By the time he died , he owned a Post Office and a forge . Your father was an inspirational man .|The one and only time I spoke to him , he set me on the course of my whole life .
And then I sneaked down here .|And then I heard gunshots .
Oh , okay . Wait . No , no , no . No . I 'm sorry . Uh , we 're just here to set a court date . That 's it . Ms. Pena . Now .|What the hell is going on here ? DHS has determined that she 's a flight risk and ordered her detained . A flight risk ? Are you kidding me ? She 's here . She didn 't run . All right . Let 's go . Who issued this order ? I want to know . You 'll have to check that on the website after she 's been processed . All right . All right . Look . Sofia ? Sofia . I promise , I 'll figure this out . Okay ? I need you to step back . Sofia , I promise you . I will fix this . I need you to step back . Now .
You said this was her best shot . And I thought it was .|But the arrest warrant was issued by ICE after they sent the Notice to Appear . We were talking about moving in together .
They must be in here .|There he is .
Now , Sofia 's locked up in a cell . Jeff , I wish I could fix that . I really do . But I can 't . Not right away . You don 't understand . Okay , a detention center is no place for her .|I don 't know if she can handle it .
She 's been back two months . But some nights ...|It 's like she never came home . Sofia .
I 'm empty .|I got one left . Let 's go in there and make sure I don 't waste it .
Then no doubt if your guests are in need of a stamp or two , they will know where to find us . Miss Lane , would you agree with me that the Post Office frontage does not present a picture of loveliness ?|Perhaps that is because we have no wish and no need to be a picture of loveliness , even to please your guests .
Yeah .|Would it help if you talked about it ?
Would it help if you talked about it ?|You need to get her out of there .
They 're up there somewhere .|Get up there . Get him .
I have a letter for Mrs Herring .|I would like it officially delivered by the Post Office so she cannot deny receiving it .
I would like it officially delivered by the Post Office so she cannot deny receiving it .|I 'm afraid she denies even receiving her accounts from The Stores , no matter how officially delivered they are . There 's no use speaking to the woman , she ignores all appeals to fix the roof , mend the walls , anything at all that might cost her a penny . Well , it seems so long as Mrs Herring is receiving her rent the hole in Mrs Turrill 's roof will be allowed to survive and multiply . And if we were to stop paying rent , it 'd take a blink of an eye for her to have the bailiffs upon us and see us evicted .
Oh , and this was messengered from DHS .|Mmm , she 's a close approximation to what you described .
There 's enough evidence on this record to hang the whole gang of them .|The wrong record .
Perhaps rather than deliver the letter , we wait till she pops in to make her deposit and we ambush her .|I have always believed , Laura , that the most effective method to resolve a dispute is to appeal to the better nature of people .
What 's going on ?|Cyrus has a unique talent for finding things , but lacks social skills . Why was he looking at me like that ? Well , you see , Kate , long before man invented currency , he exchanged goods and services . Leonardo Prince . What ? You wanted the file . Cyrus could find it . No . Money was no interest to him . No . It 's just coffee . And it can happen anytime in the next three years .
So who was it ?|Dongwon motherfuckers .
You know how it is . Kids have different hangouts .|The art school kids come to my place .
And since I am sure you would not wish your good reputation to be tarnished in any way ... That gypsy lot over there , if I spend money solving one problem , they will only find another . I have no intention of reading that letter .|I have found , if I put off repairs , it only results in a greater cost . The truth is , Mrs Herring , your tenants cannot afford to pay for the restoration , so the only outcome is further damage to your property and your purse .
Nine months . I 'll see you tomorrow . I 'll see you later . Sofia 's hearing isn 't for nine months ? She 'll be locked up the entire time . See you , Jim .|You are borderline stalking me . Criminals don 't get prison sentences that are that long . The immigration system moves slowly . What can I say ? It isn 't right . Sofia Pena broke the rules . She 's got to wait in line like everybody else . She was a soldier .
I vaguely recall that case . Different circumstances . Yeah , clearly . Because she got a green card . Quickly .|What are you implying ?
Have a seat .|Back from work ? a Need any help ?
I always said if you look out for others you 'll get your reward , didn 't I , my dear ? Robert , perhaps it 's best if we let James show a little bit of kindness and gratitude . Is that right ? James ? !|James .
I 'm not sure .|What do you mean ?
Right , right .|Everyone at home is OK , right ?
What do you mean ?|That there is a lack of certainty .
Where am I ?|In a motel , where do you think ?
Perhaps you could scrub the kitchen floor before Miss Lane comes down ? I shall do it . Just as soon as I 've found the soap . Minnie , how is it possible to lose the soap ? Would you help me to find it , Laura ? Would you ?|Oh , Minnie ... can 't you just try harder ?
What happened ?|Fucked up shit is what happened .
Right . At the garage .|Aw , fuck .
Come on .|Let 's find the soap .
I gotta go .|Get something to eat with this . Hope to see you again .
Whenever you do time , the world goes upside down .|No use trying to adjust to it .
I wouldn 't miss this party for the world .|Thomas I wonder if you would allow me to give you my father 's old bible ?
Thomas I wonder if you would allow me to give you my father 's old bible ?|I can 't say it gets the attention it deserves from me .
Well , our timetable has changed , and ...|Anyway , coming to you is definitely a last resort .
As we all go to the party today , you will remain behind to catch up on your duties , child .|That stack of washing needs doing before it reaches the ceiling .
You and I will speak tonight .|Taste in every direction . Ruby , I have the distinct feeling that Candleford has arrived .
Hey kid , keep it down over there . You some kind of Neanderthal ?|My father once told me , Soldiers and policemen get treated well in this country .
That makes you wonder . What does it make you wonder , Alf ? If a Lark Rise boy can open up a grand hotel in Candleford ... You 've had your head turned by that man . Dowland 's gone off and made his fortune , proved himself in London .|I could do the same , send home money for the keep of the little ' uns . Do you think a man like Dowland goes off to London and by honest hard labour he makes himself a property owner ? A business man ?
Am I allowed to ask if there is a problem ?|There is a ... Ma 'am . Miss Ellison has developed a certain impatience .
The hearing is in a few hours . I 'll see you in court .|Tim . Tim . Hi . Kate . I tried calling you . But , uh ... Where are you going ?
The police are cracking down after the Inchon fire incident .|Mister . Look at us . Do we look like kids to you ?
I ... I contemplate it night and day , Ma 'am .|I simply do not wish to discuss it . What is the cause of your hesitancy ? To be blunt , Ma 'am , it is her impatience .
I have to report . My unit 's headed back to Kabul . Oh . Did you get Sofia out of detention ?|Well , she 's in immigration court right now .
Just try and hit me , eh ?|You cocky little shit !
There 's songs I know can lift any soul , no matter how sorrowful .|The spring is here And the long nights grow less bitterly cold than awhile Now then , everything is in the best of order , as you can see , all newly gussied up .
What the hell do you think you were doing ?|Stupid little jerks , fighting right out in the street !
One 's measure should not be taken by lineage , or where on a map they were born . Actions speak loudly . A person is defined by what they do . Counselor , proceed to make a point , or just proceed to the end , or just ... Let 's get on with this . When all the facts have been presented , Your Honor , there will be no doubt in your mind that Sofia Pena belongs here and nowhere else .|Where 's Kate ? I don 't know .
So sorry we 're late , Your Honor .|Order , please . Your Honor , we 'll waive the right to hear the motion read into the record . Hey , I like it . Let 's make a plan and stick to it .
All right , then . I 'll allow it .|Do you promise to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth , so help you , God ? I do .
And college ? Forget it .|We can go to employment class and get certificates !
We can go to employment class and get certificates !|No wonder you spent 3 years getting into night school .
What 're you doing here ? We had to get a ride on the hay cart . Why have you come over to Candleford ? The old witch is turning us out and all these years we paid good rent . Turn us out ? She 's putting in a family as can pay more rent now the cottage is spruced as new . You were right , Robert . The hand of charity might take away more than it gives .|All that matters is what we do now .
What ?|I can fight , sir .
Emma ! You can 't believe I would do such a thing ? !|And since you and I both understand , Mrs Herring , these matters cannot be settled on mere sentiment .
Sofia and I were on our way back to camp from a remote village .|We were the last vehicle in our convoy .
There are different kinds of gangsters , too .|After you get to a certain level , you get a nice business .
It was no more than a pipedream to think I could go off and make my fortune like Dowland .|I shall do as your Pa has done stay .
I shall do as your Pa has done stay .|I have to better myself here .
What the hell ?|If you have any grudges , take them out on me .
If we do not dare , here , now , then what kind of life is it ?|It is a perfectly contented life , that goes on the same today as it did yesterday , and there is nothing wrong with that .
It is a perfectly contented life , that goes on the same today as it did yesterday , and there is nothing wrong with that .|The choice is not between progress and no progress , Miss Lane .
The choice is not between progress and no progress , Miss Lane .|The choice is whether we join the journey or not .
This is where this medal belongs .|Thank you for my life .
Did you hear what I said ? Yes , indeed , sir . You speak very clearly . Your voice carries quite a ways .|Stagecoach coming . Bunch of new pretties coming in for the dance hall . Come on , let 's get the first look . Reb , new gals coming in . Don 't you even want to take a look ? No , thank you kindly . See what I told you ? Just a mighty strange breed of cat .
Thank you , Mr. Hemmond .|You 're excused .
You 're excused .|Your Honor , as compelling as Ms. Pena 's personal story may be , it does not change the facts of this case .
But from the state 's perspective , you 've also transgressed . So ... I ... Who are you and what do you want ?|My name is Kate Reed , and I 'm here to find a way to make sure everybody wins . Ah . I see . Well , you know , since you seem to be the one pulling the strings ... Yeah . Yeah , go ahead . Wow me .
What have you to say for yourself , girl ?|Let me thank you for the chance you have given me , Ma 'am . I would say I am sorry but I know that all you want is to have me out of your sight .
Let me thank you for the chance you have given me , Ma 'am . I would say I am sorry but I know that all you want is to have me out of your sight .|You were playing with the dress , weren 't you ?
Well , working with Sofia , sir , I have taken steps to rescind all infringements on Claudia Evans ' identity . Further , Tim has volunteered to take up a collection from Sofia 's unit that will cover the debt and compensate Ms. Evans .|You 're saying the identity theft can be erased and all the money paid back , with interest . Yes , sir . Yes , sir . Absolutely .
You knew that , Minnie .|I warned you not to play with it again and you chose to ignore me .
And I believe that your remorse is sincere , as is your willingness to make up for your misstep .|So , Ms. Pena , I will end removal proceedings and grant you relief , contingent upon your completion of the terms of reparation outlined by Ms. Reed .
You need to be taught , so that is what we will do .|I intend to scold you when you deserve to be scolded .
... and you get to stay .|Once financial amends are made , I will allow you to file for citizenship using your own name .
But I will never turn you out .|The Post Office is your home .
Colt Saunders ?|Where did you leave him ? Sleeping peacefully , I hope .
Oh , wait . Wait . Don 't forget this . Thank you . Yep . Counselor .|Uh , Lauren ...
Uh , Lauren ...|Thank you . You were very good .
Now you listen to me .|I 've got a little room way up in the attic . We 're gonna plant you there until we decide what to do . I 'll make out a receipt .
That 's because I didn 't want to talk to anybody .|I 'm really sorry I betrayed your confidence .
And the next thing Julie knew , she was having an affair with a married man .|But then after a close call , she came to her senses , and told the man it was over .
But then after a close call , she came to her senses , and told the man it was over .|Unfortunately for Julie , some men can 't take " no " for an answer .
All right , fine . I admit it .|I 've been avoiding signing the divorce papers . But it 's ...
I thought your money might be safer in the vault downstairs .|Miss Hunter , I don 't know how to begin ...
I 'm just dropping off that band candy your mom bought from Penny . Everything okay ?|Yeah , everything 's fine . Mr. Bolen was just leaving . Right ?
Where do I start ?|Hmm . Stop .
What 's wrong ? This is what we always do .|Yeah , and there 's good reasons why we should . No , no , no . And then , it just goes back to the way it was before , and nothing changes . And I don 't want to do this anymore , Kate . I can 't .
Really ? And you won 't tell my mom ?|No , I won 't .
Sure , you can . No , I can 't .|What if you were mediating this relationship ?
Don 't worry , your doll 's safe .|If I 'm gonna chop anything off , it 's gonna be something of your daddy 's !
I don 't waste time brawling in the street . I 've got no time to waste . I just spent the last four years losing a war . I 've got a ranch to build up and a family to raise . I 'm looking for a woman who ...|A wife .
If I 'm gonna chop anything off , it 's gonna be something of your daddy 's !|So , you 're saying you won 't even talk to her ? No , we already interviewed Mrs. Mayfair . That 's when you thought Danny Bolen had attacked Julie . You treated her like a witness . Now you need to treat her like a suspect . Look , Miss , we 're not trying to dismiss your concerns , but women don 't commit this kind of crime . They tend to keep at a physical remove from their victims . Vehicular assaults , poison .
Captain .|I don 't know . I just don 't know .
It 's nice to know that someone cares about justice more than pickles .|Come on , Mike .
Way too long ...|You 're kidding me , right ? What ? You 're gonna show up in court looking like you just came from some ashram in Goa . They 're gonna laugh you out of there . All you 're missing is the patchouli . I have to look like me , Anouk . Come on . You need to look the exact opposite of you . Okay , what is that supposed to mean ? Like a serious person . You just made it worse . What does that mean ? Simple , elegant cross around your neck , dark , somber dress .
So if you could pass up the trimmings , I 'd be grateful .|All right . You wait right here .
Sneak out of town , anything , because that 's just not gonna work .|I 've got to believe it 'll work .
I 'll get more wine . We 're gonna need it .|Just curious , how many more courses ?
I 've got to .|I 'll be here , honey , when you come crawling back with your heart broken ... because your noble Captain found out he made a bad bargain .
Oh , that 's a good one .|Good going .
I feel better .|All right , let 's get back to it .
I was just leaving .|Rosie ! Fiona .
I told her to look at fractions like a big chocolate cake . The bottom number is the whole thing , and the top number represents how many slices . Well , I should 've known cake would make everything come into focus . Math is my specialty . I have a PhD in engineering from the University of Bucharest , but it means nothing in the American job market , so ...|Wow , a doctor , impressive .
Rosie .  Could we talk for a second ? Please . What could you possibly want to say to me that can 't wait till court ? I think this has gotten way out of hand .|I think that ... They drop ... No , uh , I talked to the prosecutor . and if you plead no contest , there 'd be no ... It would end with no punishment , just ... just ... Just a record , but no jail or anything . No contest ? Isn 't that what guilty people do when a deal 's been made ?
 How often have you been to the Apostolous ' for barbecues ?  Oh , for awhile , it was almost every weekend . And you felt safe having your son there ? Yes , of course . Always .  Even when Harry was there ? It 's not that I ever thought that Mr. Apostolou is a bad man . He made me laugh sometimes , even . I didn 't feel nervous around him , no . He is part of a family that are like a family to me . We 've spent Thanksgivings together . We 've been to their house . And his wife is my friend .|There are times that every parent has to deal with a child misbehaving . But , somehow , we find the strength to see past that and love them . And no one has the right to usurp my position in raising my child and punishing him ... Nobody .
Hey , good timing . I 'm putting dinner on the table . I thought the housekeeper was supposed to start today . She did , and she 's fantastic .|And her family escaped from Romania with practically nothing . What were they fleeing from , cleanliness ?
The glow of true beauty in a woman 's face ... is kindled only by first love .|First love .
First love .|It 's true . I 've never been in love before .
It 's true . I 've never been in love before .|Have you been here a long time , Inocencio ? A long time ?
 Mrs. Weschler , how long have you and your husband been married ? Nine years . And your husband has had a history of alcohol issues , is that not so ? Objection . I don 't see how this is relevant , Your Honor .  Unfortunately , Your Honor , it is very much to the heart of the matter . In her statement , Mrs. Weschler claims that her child suffers trauma from the incident , but I think that the incident itself does not tell the whole story of what , in fact , is happening in the life of young Hugo Weschler . He is being raised surrounded by ... No . He is within a culture of very serious drinking , I am afraid . That isn 't fair or accurate .  And so it is my contention , Your Honor , that had Hugo 's parents been more in control , this never would have happened . Objection . Calls for speculation . Your Honor , in the absence of any concrete evidence that my client was not protecting his own son , which is , in fact , the case , I am trying to create a picture of the conditions precedent to the event itself . Go ahead . Mrs. Weschler , on that day , were you drinking at all ?|Well , I mean , yes . It was wine . Wine . Okay . Wine . And do you happen to recall how many glasses of wine you had ?
But I 'm living in my mother 's basement .|Oh .
And you 're a detective .|So , back to Katherine . Is there anything else that you need to know ? No , I 'm good . I 'll just head over there now and nose around and see if she has an alibi . Actually , Denise , one more thing .
I don 't like to hand you this .|Since I wrote you , the politicos have come twice searching . They didn 't find the herd of horses hidden in the hills . Cattle ? I kept them scattered as much as possible .
But they found most of them and took them . As bad as that ?|But more important , Colt ... last night I took the responsibility of not telling you something . A man should not be told bad news on his first night ... with his bride under his family rooftree ... but your brother is here .
But more important , Colt ... last night I took the responsibility of not telling you something . A man should not be told bad news on his first night ... with his bride under his family rooftree ... but your brother is here .|Cinch came home ?
Cinch came home ?|Is the Bar S Ranch home to Cinch ?
Is the Bar S Ranch home to Cinch ?|I don 't know . But whether it is his home or not , he rode in here two months ago .
You haven 't changed in five years .|Neither have you .
Man , are there enough photos of you in this yearbook ? Wow .|Do you still have this cheerleading outfit ? Mike !
This is Moose Lapera . She was the only girl that hated me in high school .|Why ? I may have mentioned to Beth Porter that she had a laugh like a moose .
Permission to approach ?| I 'd like to request a continuance , a day or two . For what ?  To enter new evidence .
In New Orleans , my money ran out . You started out with enough to last you quite a while . I hurried .|You must be going to make a point about that .
And also , I kind of stole her boyfriend .|" Kind of " ?
What 's the matter ?|I 've had enough . He throws himself on any female he meets . Look .
If that amuses him . I 'm not like you . I can 't accept it .|Aren 't you dramatizing a little ? It 's not that bad . If we didn 't have the children , I would have left long ago .
Of course I do .|It 's a pleasure to do business with a man of character . Better than having a contract .
It 's a pleasure to do business with a man of character . Better than having a contract .|I 'd like my share now , if you could manage it . Gold preferably .
Aren 't you dramatizing a little ? It 's not that bad . If we didn 't have the children , I would have left long ago .|Clara isn 't emancipated , thats all .
From Happy Housekeeper .|Oh . There must be some mistake . Our maid is Ivana . I requested Ivana . Where 's Ivana ?
It was his look that made me come while the Swede made love to me .|It was pleasurable in a strange way , almost painful .
What did you tell your bride about me ?|I forgot to mention you .
Uncomfortable position , isn 't it ?|Even sitting down , Grandma looked like an arrow about to fly from the bow . She always sat just like that ... before she came with the speed of lightning to box my ears .
Wow . You sure got a lot of sauce here , a lot of potatoes , too .|This is all for three people ? Well , with food like yours , who wouldn 't want leftovers ? arancino , gnocchi , braciola . "
I 'm Beauregard Saunders . Everybody calls me Cinch . Colt 's brother .|Colt 's brother ?
I think we have to .|It just couldn 't be him .
Do you like having an indulgent husband ?|Jean is not indulgent . He is happy to know I 'm happy .
Emmanuelle !|Hi , kids . How are you ? Auntie ! Auntie ! Lts Emmanuelle .
Got a minute ?|This really isn 't a good time .
Tell me how you got to be the skeleton in the closet .|I believe the world is round .
Ooh . Gnocchi .|Mmm .
Yes , indeed ... feel this .|I 'll pay up and we can go .
Tasty . Don 't patronize me . Angie 's are light as air . Mine are like little shot puts .|Well , perhaps this will cheer you up .
Well done . Thanks a lot . I think she 's a moron . If you wanted her , you could have stayed . You know it doesn 't amuse me without you .|I really don 't know what 's wrong with you these days .
You can 't be fool enough to think a few armed ranchers ... can hold off the United States Army .|Catch up a couple of horses for the buckboard , will you , Cinch ?
Do you like my husband ?|I have seen that one coming .
I like him .|Of course , I was surprised ...
Chloe is the one who paints ? She 's at the hotel now . She came here two years ago with an American poet . She was pregnant . She lost the baby , and the doctor said she could never have another .|The American left . She was all alone with no money .
Well , well , well . You must be drowning over there .|All right , I 'm drowning .
Cinch got his arm caught in the gears of the windmill .|I had to amputate his arm ... and carry him back .
I had to amputate his arm ... and carry him back .|People made quite a fuss about it , as if I 'd been a hero . How terrible , for both of you .
My marriage is not perfect .|Oh , come on . Orson and I barely speak to each other anymore . We haven 't shared a bed in three months .
The American left . She was all alone with no money .|Ever since , she 's lived with different people , selling pictures .
There they are .|Darling , we missed you . Hello . Come on .
I never would 've guessed . That 's the point . Our problems are personal . We don 't share them with the world . But you can 't seem to keep anything to yourself .|What ?
What ?|Trust me , honey , if there 's one thing I know how to do , it 's keep things to myself .
I 'll take this off and let her go to her mama .|Senora , may I present my five sons ?
I could do nothing .|I thought I wouldn 't survive her . But life always gets the upper hand .
You mean it ?|Thank you , Angie . You 're a lifesaver .
You 'll come back .|Surely not .
Surely not .|The movie is cancelled .
I do it again for you .|Most gracious lady , now that you have come here ... the sun will break every morning across the verdant slopes of the cordilleras . The grass will grow greener .
Okay , the point is I 'd hate for our history to cloud your judgment in this case .|You think I 'm behaving unprofessionally ? Well ...
You think I 'm behaving unprofessionally ? Well ...|When you were leaving Katherine 's house the other day , you two did look pretty chummy . Well , it turns out we have a lot in common . We both had boyfriends stolen by you .
In fact , I 've discovered some interesting facts while investigating this case .|Is it true that on the evening of September 16th at approximately 11 : 45 , you shot Katherine Mayfair ?
Is it true that on the evening of September 16th at approximately 11 : 45 , you shot Katherine Mayfair ?|What ? That was an accident . And you not reporting it was a crime .
Okay , let 's not blow this out of proportion . I hurt you , but you 've got to get past this . You can 't keep blaming me for the way that your life turned out . It 's just ...|It 's gonna make you bitter and miserable , like Katherine .
I thought we were beyond that sort of love . Apparently not .|It 's like a machine , you see . Until now we avoided getting sand in it .
Beg your pardon , Mrs. Saunders .|Out here in the hills , we sometimes forget our manners .
In you go !|Hey , Susan , you know what this is called ? Closure .
You are too late . Emmanuelle has left .|She asked me to explain it to you .
Commissioner Harrison .|Commissioner , Capt. And Mrs. Saunders of the Bar S. Mrs. Saunders . Won 't you sit down , please ?
The detective is out on a call at the moment . This needs to be checked out right away . What needs to be checked out right away ? Did you guys ever talk to Nick Bolen ?|The dad of the kid we arrested ? Yeah , yeah , we talked to him . I 'm guessing he didn 't mention that he and Julie were having an affair .
What are you going to do all alone in this big house ?|Well , with a little imagination ... Sir , I wanted to ask regarding dinner tonight . Set the table for two , as usual .
Captain , as to your personal matters as regard to our Commission ... I 've been dealing with your foreman and your brother , who is ... let 's say , a most outspoken young man .|Now that you 're back , I think everything will work out better .
How much are these ?|Ripped By mstoll
Work out better about what ?|Captain ...
He claimed this gun settled Texas and many a Comanche .|Always said he wanted me to have it after he was gone .
What ? Why would they be asking about me ?|I guess because you were having an affair with her .
Don 't embarrass yourself , or me . You did a stupid thing .|But I know you can 't go anywhere , and you know I can 't go anywhere . So , we 're gonna have to get past this . I 'm so sorry .
Captain .|Will you wait in the buckboard , Lorna ?
I guess I can expect to see you , Commissioner .|You can .
Tired horses , ready rifles ... men talking together where women cannot hear .|This is a hard country for the women .
I never knew my parents . I was told my father was a sailor and my mother ...|I was raised in an orphanage . I never had the luxury of growing up in a home like this , as your son will .
They can 't tell you if that man across the street is dangerous .|No , the only way to truly learn is from your mistakes .
No , the only way to truly learn is from your mistakes .|Of course , if those mistakes land you in jail , it might be nice to have a book to pass the time .
They voted to fight .|Take that off , too .
These are serious charges . Is there any evidence to support them ? We have the matter well in hand . Thank you , Farmer Woodhull . Has Brewster in any way confessed ? No . But I expect a noose will make an honest man of him . Perhaps before rushing to that conclusion , we should send for someone more expert than Dr. Mabbs .|If we are gonna hang a citizen of Setauket , the accusation should be confirmed . Of course , Your Honor . Every care should be taken .
Thanks .|You know , the fact that men die heroes ... doesn 't change the fact that they 're dead before their time . Every man in the room knew the odds . And they gave the only answer a Texan knows .
You know , the fact that men die heroes ... doesn 't change the fact that they 're dead before their time . Every man in the room knew the odds . And they gave the only answer a Texan knows .|But not one of them stopped to think that they had a family at home . Perhaps they had a right to a part of the decision . And you 're as bad . How about Lorna ?
You always were an empty bottle , Robeson . If you had as much brains as you have guts , what a clever fellow you 'd be . Guts enough to brain you .|Enough . Whatever our grievances , we have more in common with each other than we do with those men perched like vultures up on that hill . First , they took our church . Then they took our headstones . Now the means to defend ourselves ? What will they take next ? Hear , hear . Don 't you see who your real enemies are ? Spoken like a true rebel .
It seems we finally have the means to capture the rest of the cabal . Arrest every name on this list if they are still in town . Order Appleton to start building gallows for 10 . And arrest Mr. Paine . But I brought you this information of my own free will . No doubt to save your own skin . If you 'd have brought it earlier , you could 've saved another life . Go .|These men will require prosecution . Yes . We can hardly ask your father to manage such proceedings in his condition , even if it is just a formality . I 'll do it . I studied the law at King 's College . I have watched my father dispense justice since I could stand . If he will trust me to act in his stead , it 'll be swifter than to wait for another magistrate .
Let me show you this . This here is my " people 's choice " award That I got for " I 'm it ! " And it means a lot to me , Because it 's from the people .|So ... and right here Is my " Leno . " There it is . Talk more about that .
And let them take Bar S ?|What 's Bar S ? Some hills and creeks and valleys . Could be duplicated in California ... Mexico , or someplace else . That 's Bar S.
I have to study this . All right ?|Law , in its most general and comprehensive sense , signifies a rule of action and is applied indiscriminately to all kinds of action ... whether animate or inanimate , rational or irrational .
First , I want to try and explain something ... I don 't really understand myself .|In the war , my regiment fought its first action ... on the banks of the Potomac River .
But something tells me if I decided we should go away ... the man who went with me would be a different man than the man I married . And that frightens me more than carpetbaggers ' scheming .|You 're too good for any Saunders .
You 're too good for any Saunders .|Good night .
No , you can go . We 're done . Well ... You know what ? I 'll meet you there . Okay , cool . Bye , guys .|Listen , Peter , darling ? Tom said " a hip , sexy aunt . "
And then the firing charge .|Then the ball that was extracted from my father 's body .
But I never would 've expected the boy who grew up best friends with my son Benjamin to turn against his own .|Abraham , what did you do that day your father walked out of my church ? You stayed behind . You thought for yourself .
Abraham , what did you do that day your father walked out of my church ? You stayed behind . You thought for yourself .|A lesson for us all .
I had the one with the red hair ready for the buzzards .|During my discussion with Mr. Massey , no one is to interfere .
During my discussion with Mr. Massey , no one is to interfere .|And regardless of the outcome , none of you will shoot Mr. Massey .
You were one of the rear echelon heroes who hid on Gen. Butler 's staff ... while better men were getting killed in battle .|Good day , gentlemen .
Don 't ever let me find you south of Mesa Verde .|Pick up your hat .
Yeah .|It 's my agent . This is it .
Hi .|Really ?
I 'd go down on my knees if I thought it would help .|It won 't .
So how about that , huh ?|All right . Well , all right .
Of what ? You know .|The traitors here in Setauket , hiding in secret , plotting to kill us . The men who shot your father .
Captain Simcoe shot my father .|What ? He used an accomplice . Not sure who it was . I don 't think he cared if my father lived or died , just as long as he hanged a Tallmadge for it .
You want proof ?|I wouldn 't want to force you . You might not believe in it .
If you wanna be unnecessarily reasonable about the matter ... we do have a claim of sorts on the assets of Bar S.|I 'd give the world for
I wouldn 't want to force you . You might not believe in it .|Are you sure you don 't want to drink something first ?
One tender moment|Un momento
Good morning .|Morning .
Back in your arms|You sing very beautiful , Asuncion .
You sing very beautiful , Asuncion .|Luis , it is your turn to night herd the strays .
They serve salads .|We need windex .
" Home Plus is us . "|She 's a firecracker .
She sees us as the Utah store even beyond the state , an important regional retailer . How 's tuesday for you ?|Teacher 's conferences all afternoon . Thursday morning ? No , zoning board . How about tomorrow night ? Okay . G reat .
That south wind always brings the smell of the sage .|It smells good .
It smells good .|She carries your child with her .
Is it not better to wait for the first light of the sun and kill them all from here ?|Why take a chance ?
Smuggle out the powder and any other military stores you can find . All right .|I don 't recall giving the orders to hang anyone . But , sir , don 't you see ? This very raid confirms the treason of the accused . They obviously got word out to these rebels to come and rescue them . No doubt the selfsame dragoons that ambushed our regiment in Connecticut . I cannot abide executing prisoners , Captain . Not when it reflects dishonorably upon my command . This conflict will be conducted in a civil manner !
After all , they 're nothing but horse thieves .|Only two horse thieves .
Mmm , good . Those are missionaries . Jacob Taggart and Erin Cullum . I 'd introduce you , but frankly , I think they 've got their hands full with that one .|May we read this passage to you ?
Peg ? It goes way beyond any responsible advertising budget based on percent of sales . We 'd have to dip into all kinds of accounts to swing it . Is there enough , though ?|Enough to get us started . But it 's a huge hit to absorb . It ought to make you very queasy .
" He 's your brother , and he 's only got one arm .|" You just can 't hit your brother . He 's only got one arm . " Spoken like a Saunders .
" You just can 't hit your brother . He 's only got one arm . " Spoken like a Saunders .|If you ever set foot on Bar S again , I 'll kill you .
This is my tavern , DeJong . I built it . I own it . And your wife sold it to me .|I had no choice . They were going to take it anyway . She had no right to sell it . The agreement is not binding . I did not write the attainder . Take it up with Judge Woodhull . Oh , I will , trust me . I have plenty to settle with the judge .
Because , you see , a baby can 't help who its father was . But someday I might look at the poor little thing ... and remember its name was Saunders . It would be dreadful to hate a baby .|So we have a bargain .
Wouldn 't one of the ... hummers be more efficient , papa ? The buick will suffice , I think . You 're doing God 's work .|Yes , sir .
I sell the baby for the money , right ?|Sure .
Hewlett has us at range . We can 't hope to hit him from here . I need you to put pressure on his flank . We can move up the ridge to conceal our approach . That 's even higher ground than his church . Our church . Let 's take it back , hmm ?|Come with me .
Not good for your teeth . I like them . I can have them if I want .|Yes ... I guess you can .
Come with me .|Say something .
Nicki , you can 't just leave him unsupervised . Thank you so much for telling me . Like I don 't know that . What is the matter ?|Nothing .
Take aim ! Fire !|" They that sow wickedness , reap the same . " Indeed , Reverend .
Hold your fire .|Who 's the fastest man here ? Damn it , what kind of a commander uses prisoners as a barricade ? It 's likely Captain Simcoe . You may not know of him , but he 's less subtle than the major . They mean to hold out until reinforcements arrive . I figure we got till sundown to break them . If that . You need to take another detachment and round on them from the east . Then I 'll send forth terms for surrender . If we take the church , then we can use their cannons to defend against the next wave . Hewlett will never surrender to you . And Simcoe will shoot down any Continental who approaches the church and then he will kill your father and your uncle .
You were greased in that room . We drank to a male child .|I regret that it took me 30 years to learn I made a mistake .
But you 're right about one thing . My standing in this town is all you 've got left . Now , I wasn 't lying when I told you Hewlett would never surrender . And you know there 's no chance that you take that church before some force on this island shows up .|We ain 't leaving ' without our family , all right ?
We ain 't leaving ' without our family , all right ?|Well , then I guess today you take your orders from me .
Don 't fire . Shoulder your firelocks !|Get ready .
Take the bastard 's shackles off him .|Shoulder your firelocks .
Rise . Fall back on me .|Grab your haversacks and head for the boats .
Excuse us , Cable .|And now , Mr. Saunders , your business .
Culper . What ? Tell Washington it 's Samuel Culper , not Culpepper . I won 't sign the letters as anyone else .|Abraham !
In Texas , it 's customary to offer a man a drink ... when he 's ridden 200 miles to see you .|And you 'd better learn Texas manners , Harrison . If we 're going to be partners , that is .
A dog ran into the street , and they had to swerve to miss it .|Did the dog die ? Uh ... no . What type of dog was it ? Um , I don 't know , Teenie . Are you sure he 's all right ? Leave your brother alone . He 's had quite a day .
Possession is nine points of the law , they say . If you were on Bar S , it would be hard , maybe even impossible , to put you off .|Especially if you and I were partners .
Did the dog die ? Uh ... no . What type of dog was it ? Um , I don 't know , Teenie . Are you sure he 's all right ? Leave your brother alone . He 's had quite a day .|Let 's all just eat , folks . I 'm not really hungry . I think I 'm just gonna go upstairs , if that 's okay . Are you sure , honey ? Your mom made a tamale pie , Ben . No , thanks . I mean , I 'm not hungry , so ...
I sure ain 't looking forward to being partners with that Reb . Don 't .|Both brothers go .
Of course . A clean sweep .|Sure .
It 's just my luck , I suppose .|Always walking in when I 'm not wanted .
So what was that all about ? Do they do that all the time ? Nah , just sometimes . Isn 't that kind of homosexual , like when he slapped it around ? Gibson , no way , man ! I just got a vibe thing . Did it turn you on or something ? ' Cause if you 're vibin ' , maybe you 're gay , man . No , it 's cool . Don 't get stupid . But his was bigger than average , right ? It 's bigger than yours . Oh , shut up .|She doesn 't even wear makeup and she 's so pretty .
My brothers and I wish to say farewell .|Of course , Papa could say it much better .
Sarah , would you and Heather please join us for dessert ?|Great .
Great .|Thank you . So , you live off Red Stone Creek ? Yes , near the park . It 's beautiful over there .
You may be a treasonist , Mr. Woodhull , but I can 't be .|Mr. Baker . Mr. Baker .
As providence would have it , they were able to move into Whitehall just as they always should have .|I know how to clean up a mess .
They make mistakes . And when they do , they suffer .|They pay . Inside themselves , they pay .
I 'm on Bar S and you 're wearing a gun .|You got a reason for coming here ? Might be I came back to get something belonged to me .
Remember , amigos , you 're a large family . There 'll be many to mourn the foolish one ... or two , or three . Whoever makes the first move .|Now careful , real careful .
Now careful , real careful .|Undo those gun belts .
Welsh !|Oi , Welsh ! Are you done yet ?
Ah ! Come on , lads ! Let 's run him , boys ! Let 's run him like a dog !|Come on , lads !
It 's okay . I was fine . I was fine . It 's okay .|We 're okay .
So , why , then , did he rush to the aid of her husband , a suspected patriot ? Abraham has a dreamer 's heart , a romantic heart , his mother 's heart , if truth be told . And he keeps room there for Anna in spite of her betrayal . Mm . " Alas , that love , so gentle in his view ... " " ... should be so tyrannous and rough in proof . "|Evening , Woodhull . What are you doing ?
Two caesar salads .|Enjoy .
You win , you old goat .|Don 't nobody move a muscle .
All right , all of you , reach .|A little room .
Oh , good night .|Bill knows nothing ? I 'm sorry . I am so sorry . I don 't even want to think about what Bill 's gonna say when he hears about all this . We can 't tell him ! Barb , please , you can 't tell him . Please . You know I can 't keep this from him . How can I keep this a secret ? But he 'll kick me out . What are you talking about ? He would never do that . What if he does ? I 'm so scared .
Why didn 't you tell me ? I couldn 't .|Oh , Nicki .
Take care of her for me .|She 'll be all alone to run our house and the tavern .
You are her husband , Selah .|And I 'm going to repay my debt .
Major Rogers .|There 's a package waiting for you in the storehouse .
Who is this mythical source of yours , John ?|Someone I know ?
I will not be silent ! Priests are dying in the hundreds . I will not be silenced . You can 't hide it here ! This issue can not be hid ! This issue can not be hidden , the church has AIDS ! The church has AIDS !|To the airport !
Hey .|Thanks for coming out here . Joey , what happened ? They had bulldozers almost on top of our houses . They were ready to tear them down with us in them if we didn 't get out . They own those houses . They wouldn 't destroy their own property . They tore down the statue of grandpa at founder 's park , Bill . And they made us watch while they jackhammered it .
Go on Danny !|At last ! Yes !
I hate to mention this , but you know wanda 's due this month , and , you know , I really don 't want to have my baby in a motel , Bill . I will not let that happen . Here . What ? Uh , just so you have some cash on you . Go on . Go on , take it . Joey .|Hi , Wanda . Bill .
Big time .|God 's police , you 'd better fuck off , this is private property .
God 's police , you 'd better fuck off , this is private property .|David Foley , Galcranagh Gazette ... any chance I can ask you a few questions ? No !
15 . 12 .|All right , 12 and that silk .
Bishop , can I ask you a few questions about Father Sweeney .|Got any comments to make whatsoever ? Please , just a few moments of your time , that 's all ... Foley , now , that 's enough !
When do we turn the corner ?|When do we get justice ?
They said it was suicide . You sure ? Did he leave a note ?|I don 't know .
Hi . Did you take the roast out of the freezer ?|Thank you , sweetie .
It 's just such a waste !|It 's such a terrible waste !
All right .|Robeson , over here ! Robeson , I need help !
Nothing . It 's taken care of .|It 's Roman . I 'm trying to get free . He says he 's entitled to a piece of the second store . I 'm fightingim , he 's fightin ' me back . I didn 't want you to worry .
Whatever you 're doing , don 't .|We can 't afford to lose you .
Frank Sweeney had HIV . What ? And when the church found out about it ... they threatened to kick him out and leave him to fend for himself . He was so distressed at the thought of losing his own parish ... that he killed himself . Poor bastard . So who 's the boyfriend ? Don 't know yet , the rumor has it , it 's somebody high up in the church . Who ? The pope ! I 'm seeing Father Francis , he should shed some light on the proceedings .|Your work is good Daniel .
I can 't .|Excellent , as always . Credit goes to Aberdeen . I merely raise the pork . She performs the alchemy .
Excellent , as always . Credit goes to Aberdeen . I merely raise the pork . She performs the alchemy .|You 've hardly touched yours . It 's hard to eat on a guilty stomach , I suppose . My apologies .
Enough .|My decision has been made .
It 's good Davey , as usual but you 're going to get yourself into trouble if you 're not careful . You always do this .|You know I reckon there 's more to come . I think Sweeney didn 't kill himself solely because he was HIV .
You know I reckon there 's more to come . I think Sweeney didn 't kill himself solely because he was HIV .|The guy had it for five years . Oh , God . Oh , come on , try and understand , it 's a good opportunity for me . Understand what ? That you 're never home , that you never see your daughter ? You 're missing out on the most important time of her life .
And you have a family .|We can 't .
You 're right .|We can 't .
Barrel . " Over a barrel . " You know what saying I fancy ?|" Over a barrel . "
They do what I tell them to do ... because they know what 's good for them .|I expect .
Foley 's all right .|You scared ? No , God 's on my side , he knows what happened .
Regenerate primary shield matrix . Remodulate weapons .|Security breach . Starfleet photon torpedo . Disarm weapon .
I thought we were trying to disable it .|The torpedo detonated near the power matrix . It caused a chain reaction . Survivors ?
I will .|Tell me , you didn 't do anything did you ? With that queer fella ? You cheeky little bollocks ! Come on !
This could revolutionize the way that I perform surgery . Excellent . Why don 't you deactivate it for now , hmm ? Remodulate the coil frequency .|No effect . Try again .
You bastard !|Get off ! Get off !
Oh , shit .|Have they let you out Daniel ? A few days off Mrs. McGlynn , community study . You were made for the priesthood Daniel . I saw that in you when you were only this high . The way you help people and all . I was told you had a fight with one of the main fellas ... up at the seminary there , and that he 'd thrown you out . There wouldn 't be any truth in that now would there , Daniel ? Oh , about the same amount of truth in the rumor about the pope . What 's that ? He 's married and has four kids with a black lesbian .
That 's all I 've got left of my family . A picture of my sister .|Except , of course , what I keep in here .
Or hers !|Now , she put a petticoat on that line for a reason . What ?
What I wouldn 't give for a treasure trove like this .|Well ... I 'd better get started on the rest of those files .
I think you know something , Abe . I think you wanna tell me . Huh ? Come here . You get a taste for boiling these lobsters and you 'll want more . Yeah ? And once I pass this up the ladder , they 'll want more . Washington 's been trying to get a man inside the city since Howe took it over . Well , he 'll have to find someone else , then , won 't he ? This was a onetime deal for me . Just like the last one ?|Are you gonna tell me what you know or not ?
So what you going to do about Sinead , you gonna call her then ? Don 't think so . Come on , she 's still crazy about you . I have enough on my plate at the moment . Go on , go on !|What 's the matter with you two ? We 're worried sick , that 's what 's wrong with us . Any tea ? That 's all your good for is drinking tea . Why don 't you go and find some work ! Do something useful with yourself for a change . Dad ! So Daniel , tell us , what 's going to happen now , hmm ? What is going to happen now ... that you 're not going to be a priest anymore ? That 's not decided yet . He 's nothing but a useless bastard ! Fuck off ! I 've had enough ! Don 't you fuckin ' talk to me like that you little bollocks ! Sean !
They 're moving off . Let 's match their course and speed . Keep a distance of five million kilometers .|Seven of Nine to the Bridge .
I 'm sending my best wishes to Robert Rogers . I was half hoping he 'd show up today . Oi , well done . Yeah , you , too .|This doesn 't feel right , Ben . Yeah , I know .
I don 't know what to do anymore . Sometimes I can 't see the point in going on . Come on Jack , we all go through this . The dark night of the soul and all that . It 's a test of our faith . It 's not my faith in God I 'm losing , it 's the organization . The hypocrisy ... the hierarchy , the double standards .|It took courage to do what you did today . Thanks , but I don 't think it 's done me any good . It will in the long run .
Thanks for meeting me at such short notice . No problem . I really liked your article .|It 's very sad . I 'm so sorry . You were good friends with Frank Sweeney then , yeah ?
Do you have any idea why someone might want to take her life ? No .|Of course not .
What happened ?|They tapped into our transporter beam . Chakotay to Holodeck 2 . We got the transwarp coil , but we also picked up some uninvited guests . What was our time ? Two minutes , 12 seconds . 12 seconds too late . Once we disable their sensor grid , we only have two minutes until it regenerates . Did you run into any problems ? None . We were efficient . What if we try to beam directly into the transwarp chamber ? There 's too much shielding . Perhaps we could modify our transporters . I 've already explored that option . It won 't work . 12 seconds ... might as well be an eternity . The Hansens ... they were able to remain inside a Borg cube for several hours without being detected . How ? I 'm not certain . Well , keep investigating . Yes , Captain . We 've run enough simulations for one day . Let 's work on refining our tactics . Anything we can do to shave a few more seconds off our little heist . Computer , end program .
I had a bad dream . Can I stay with you for a while ?|Where is your mother ? She 's working in Engineering , and Neelix is on a duty shift . Please ? I won 't bother you .
Aye , sure , you two 'd know all about pricks , wouldn 't you ? What the fuck d 'you mean by that ! You 've had more between you than a second hand dartboard .|Fuck off home to your wife and small one , you fucking shite ! Look who 's talking ... the new tailbike . You fuckin ' bastard !
Very well .|It looked just like this . What did ? In my dream . There was Borg stuff everywhere .
Return to your quarters immediately . Resistance is futile .|Seven of Nine to Security . Intruder alert . They can 't hear you . Who are you ? I am the Borg . Seven of Nine , Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One , you 've become weak . This is a dream . I 'm regenerating . It 's not a dream . We 've accessed your neural transceiver . Our thoughts are one . We know about Voyager 's plan to invade the sphere . It will fail . If that 's true , then why haven 't you assimilated them ? We 've come to make you an offer . Rejoin the collective and we 'll spare Voyager .
He 's regenerating .|Wait a minute . Something 's happening . Bill and Needle Fingers just arrived .
In case you hadn 't noticed , we are a bit busy , Vincent .|Yeah . Makes a change .
Can 't we just move on ? Easier said than done , darling .|Let 's go or she 'll pipe up .
Jim !|Davey ... we need to talk . What 's the problem ?
It prevented the Borg from detecting them . They referred to it as a biodampener . The device creates a field around the body which simulates the physiometric conditions within a Borg vessel . Camouflage . Precisely . We need four of these devices . How soon can you replicate them ? I 'll have to tailor each unit to its user 's physiology . A few hours at least . Begin immediately . I 'll inform the Captain .|Ingenious design . The Hansens were resourceful . Sounds like you 're warming up to your folks . It was merely an observation . This is an important stage of your social development , Seven . Try not to think of it as simply a research project , but as an exploration of how you were raised . My parents underestimated the collective . They were destroyed . Because of their arrogance , I was raised by Borg .
This is a story of the church 's hypocrisy ! The world is full of hypocrisy ! Yes it is ! And it 's up to journalists ... like me and you to point it out ! Look , you 've got to drop it and that 's final .|You 're serious aren 't you ?
Did you send a parcel to Suzie Colebrooke ?|No . Why ? A parcel with your name on it was delivered to her earlier today . And I 'm afraid she 's been murdered .
No . Why ? A parcel with your name on it was delivered to her earlier today . And I 'm afraid she 's been murdered .|Everything all right ? Looks to me like the wood on the window broke out rather than in .
Their shields are down . Lock onto the coil and energize .|Target obtained .
Target obtained .|Seven of Nine ...
We 're on our way , but we need your officers there now .|Leave your message after the tone .
I 'm looking for your aunt . It 's about a book she ordered .|She 's in the garden .
No , no . No , I ... I don 't want her to know .|I don 't see why . Her father approved . Couldn 't get enough of it , old George . No , the other way . Other way . How fitting . She 's married to someone with the same problem . Ha !
Welcome home .|You 've changed .
The last two years must have been a remarkable experience .|You are unique . My experience will add to your perfection . Yes . That is why you removed me from Voyager .
The newspaper article , you 've not seen it yet ?|All this talk about priests up to no good , even in the Vatican itself . And Cardinals , close to his holiness with this ... HIV thing . What sort of devil talk is that anyway !
That is why we put you there in the first place . You believe that Voyager liberated you from the collective . Did you really think we would surrender you so easily ? Explain .|You must be tired . It 's time to regenerate . We 've adapted an alcove just for you .
Sir . Sorting office confirm the package was delivered this morning , but say there 's no way of tracing who sent it .|Then come round for the burn marks .
Do you understand me ?|Yes .
Yes ?|A member of the crew has requested an appointment with the Captain . I informed her that you were occupied , but she was insistent . Whatever it is , I 'm sure Commander Chakotay can handle ...
Request granted . Send her in .|Permission to submit a proposal for your review . Proposal ? It 's a rescue operation for Seven of Nine .
I 'll buy the whole lot outright . Every last piece .|And the publishing rights if you want .
DS Nelson . Is one of you Mr Treaborne by any chance ?|See you at the opening .
Good morning .|My visual cortex ... it 's been altered . We 've enhanced it with Borg technology . You 've seen through human eyes long enough . It 's a neural processing adjunct designed to increase your synaptic efficiency . Remove it . You prefer to remain small . I prefer to remain unique .
Time to leave Jack .|What you did to Noel Kinahan and Daniel McLaughlin was wrong , and what you did to Frank Sweeney was contemptible . The Catholic Church is destroying itself from the inside .
Is this about Suzie ? Oh . Terrible news . It was a great loss . She was a very talented artist .|We 're all absolutely devastated .
They 've corrupted you ... but the damage can be repaired .|You 've expended significant resources to capture me . Why ? Isn 't it obvious ? You 're going to help us assimilate humanity . We failed in our first attempt to assimilate Earth and we won 't succeed the next time unless we understand the nature of their resistance . We want you to be our eyes . Let us see humanity .
Er ... a few days ago . Can 't remember . That 's strange , that . Because she got a parking ticket on the High Street last night . That 's just here , isn 't it ? Lots of places she could have been visiting along here . That 's what I thought . So I checked with the hotel manager across the road .|He confirms there was a woman answering Suzie 's description in here when he was closing up . So ?
Liz !|Hello ?
She has one of Suzie 's artworks in her house .|The cover illustration of a book . The Wheels of Justice .
Hello ?|Ah , for fuck 's sake .
I gather you 're against publication of this new manuscript . The manuscript . What manuscript ?|Who 's to say the manuscript 's even genuine ? Don 't you think it is ? I know that I went through every item of George 's estate before I had to pass it on . I 'm not stupid . There was no manuscript in there .
They match the ones that were sent to Seven . What did the Hansens learn about this queen ? I 'm afraid they never got a chance to find out . One thing is certain , she contacted Seven of Nine , and the next day , Seven rejoined the Borg . Obviously , she exerts some influence . You think Seven was instructed to leave Voyager ? . instructed ... coerced . She insisted she join the away team . She was adamant that if she didn 't board that sphere , our mission would fail . Sounds to me like she was being threatened . My instincts told me she was holding something back , but I ... I didn 't pursue it . I let her go . If you hadn 't , we might all be drones by now .|What 's running through that collective mind of yours ? You 've got thousands of species to choose from , billions of individuals . Why Seven of Nine ? You should 've assimilated us while you had the chance . Captain ?
What 's running through that collective mind of yours ? You 've got thousands of species to choose from , billions of individuals . Why Seven of Nine ? You should 've assimilated us while you had the chance . Captain ?|I want you to keep analyzing the Hansens ' database . Compile a list of every technology they created to track the Borg . Assemble a team of engineers to assist you . If you 're planning a rescue mission , that research will only take us so far . Oh ? I 've studied their log entries long enough to realize that as brilliant as the Hansens were , they made a fatal mistake . They became overconfident . We won 't make the same mistake .
Your father 's right about that one , she is interfering with your vocation . I haven 't got a vocation at the moment , at least not one I can do anything about .|And anyway , if I love a person , why can 't I have both ? Because that 's not Catholicism .
All systems go . We 're ready for the jump . Bring the coil on line . Prepare for transwarp .|Power output fluctuating . Compensating .
Power output fluctuating . Compensating .|We 're at critical velocity . Engage , Mr. Paris . Transwarp in four ... three ... two ...
Could ... add to the excitement .|Well ... It 's worth a try , yes .
Doctor Summersbee , you helped your brother with the medical research for his books , I hear . If you can call it help , I lobbed the odd idea in . Nonsense . He was the power behind the throne . Yeah . Right . Death by roulette wheel , for example .|Yes . The Wheels of Justice , if I recall .
Yes . The Wheels of Justice , if I recall .|His first and best .
39 of their vessels are converging on our position . They 're firing weapons .|Our shields are failing . We will be destroyed . How do you propose we adapt ?
Don 't talk to me about fuckin ' families . They fucking well bleed ya of everything . No thanks for anything . Fuck it ! What 's all this I hear , John , about your young fella Daniel ?|He 's not one of them queer boys is he ? Jesus , no ! Bad rumors is all .
Triaxillate our shield geometry to absorb their phaser pulses .|I was thinking the same thing .
You look reluctant .|Maybe I 've been pushing you too quickly .
You can assist with the repairs to our shield matrix instead .|Seven of Nine ... be efficient .
I 'm detecting one of your vessels . It 's heavily damaged . The crew is dead . The Borg are ignoring it .|Its propulsion system is still functioning . I will transport you aboard . Remain there until the Borg leave orbit . Then set a course on a heading of 121 mark 9 . Do you understand ?
Congratulations .|Regarding ? Assimilation is complete . 300,000 individuals have been transformed into drones . Should they be congratulated as well ? They should be . They 've left behind their trivial , selfish lives and they 've been reborn with a greater purpose . We 've delivered them from chaos ... into order . Comforting words . Use them next time instead of " resistance is futile . " You may elicit a few volunteers . You cling to sarcasm because you are afraid to see the truth . Species 10026 is already adding to our perfection . You can feel their distinctiveness coursing through us ... enhancing us . Stop resisting .
Stand by studio . Applause in five seconds , four , three ...|Thank you , good afternoon ... welcome again to Afternoon Live with yours truly , Gaye Burn . Today on the show we are debating the issue of ... celibacy in the Catholic Church . Let me in troduce to you our panel of speakers ... in the show today . On my left , we have David Foley who is a journalist ... with the Galcranagh Gazette and he 's also the author ... of an article in yesterday 's Irish Times which is entitled , " Celibacy , the C word , can Catholicism survive ? " We 're also joined by Daniel McCloughlin , who 's recently been expelled from Saint Savior 's seminary in ... Oh , Daniel 's got make up on , the queer , look at him . He 's good looking fucker though isn 't he ? Shhh , quiet down I can 't hear . We 're joined by the local Diocesan bishop , his grace , Michael Quinn and with him he has his Diocesan ... Communications Officer , Monsignor Thomas . What sort of bollocky name is that , huh ?
Take pleasure in this .|I will not take pleasure in the destruction of a race . Human sentiment ... compassion ... guilt ... empathy ... they 're irrelevant . Not to me . " Me " ? There is no me . There is only us ... one mind . My thoughts are my own .
Did you check on Curtis Braylesford ?|Yeah . He comes and visits his Aunt Audrey here from time to time . He 's a data analyst for a security firm . Have a word with him .
So how do you actually know it exists ?|Is it true the manuscript 's disappeared ? It seems that way .
I think this is an inappropriate forum in which to discuss one 's private life .|Just a moment ... Not when we 're discussing the life and death of others .
Will it hurt to be a drone ?|Sleep .
Proceed if you wish .|You 're torn between your desire to be one with us , and your loyalty to them . It 's time for you to complete your task .
How dare you !|This is a note that was left to me by my partner . Father Frank Sweeney , before he took his own life . If I may , may I read the note Gaye ? I think you had better Matthew , yes .
Be one with us again . Seven of Nine , we 're searching for you . Try to hang on . Captain . What did you say ?|Nothing .
Matthew , Bishop Michael Quinn and I had an affair ... when we were in Rome together . ... this nonsense , I am leaving . What do I do with this ? Somebody please take this return to Ireland and he threatened to rid me ... of my parish unless I continued to see him !|Get out of my way ! Serves the cunts right for not giving us the grant , huh ! I don 't have the moral courage to do ... what you have done and I am unable to tell you . I am so sorry . This is the only way out left to me . You 're too good a man to hurt like this ... but I can 't live with myself a day longer . I pray that we will be together one day in the loving arms ... of the God we both serve .
We 're friends . Why ?|Friends from ? She came into the bookshop one day and we got talking .
Not really . Why ? Was she ?|She had a piece of Suzie 's artwork from the first Dagger novel .
I don 't want to remember .|That 's because you 're still a young bird .
What do you want , Miles ? The manuscript ?|Or have you got it ?
Or have you got it ?|That would be telling , wouldn 't it ? The art of negotiation is never to reveal the strength of your hand .
Wake him .|It 's transmitting .
Tell me ... How are you getting on with Bella at the moment ?|We get on fine , thank you .
One unknown , white bird .|Very large specimen .
Call them off or I 'll destroy you .|Your weapons are useless . Don 't be so sure . My Tactical Officer is disabling the shields around this room . Tom , status . We 've targeted the chamber , Captain . Let her go , or I 'll give the order to fire . You would be destroyed as well , along with your crewman . Better than being one of you .
A dispersal field just activated around the chamber you 're in . We can 't get a lock .|Seven , shut down that field . Don 't listen to her . She 's poisoned your thoughts long enough . I 'm giving you an order . One order , one voice . insignificant .
Here .|It 's been broken into . Mr Colebrooke ?
Now girls , ready . Five , six , seven , eight .|And , five , six , seven , eight .
Oh , Curtis , lovely , you have to fend for yourself tonight .|How are you getting on with Rob Mead at the moment ? You know full well I can 't stand the sight of him . Yes . I thought so . Then you must come with me later on .
Emil ! Come here .|Will you do me a favour ?
A pelican !|Of course ! He 's a pelican !
Crush injuries to the chest . Have to wait for the post mortem to get an idea of internal injuries .|On the back of the head there are lacerations embedded with wood splinters .
A vessel entered the conduit with us just before it closed . They 're targeting our engines . Maintain course .|Direct hit on the port nacelle . We 're venting plasma . Rerouting emergency power .
Direct hit on the port nacelle . We 're venting plasma . Rerouting emergency power .|It 's not enough . I 'll need 30 teradynes at least , or we 'll lose transwarp . How long to the rendezvous coordinates ? 2.4 minutes , but we 'll drop out of transwarp in less than one . Reroute power from life support . Captain ? I 'd rather suffocate than vaporize . Do it .
The Doctor told you to regenerate for at least two days . You 're violating a direct medical command . I will comply when my work is completed .|Borg tactical data ? During my time at Unimatrix One , I acquired a vast amount of knowledge . It may prove useful in our future encounters with the Borg . I am downloading it into Voyager 's database .
Borg tactical data ? During my time at Unimatrix One , I acquired a vast amount of knowledge . It may prove useful in our future encounters with the Borg . I am downloading it into Voyager 's database .|The Borg believed I was unique , that I understood humanity . They were obviously mistaken . How so ? I betrayed the crew of Voyager , threatened you with assimilation . I did not expect you to return for me .
Evidence number one . : a feather .|Two . : a hole , the size of a beak .
The Borg believed I was unique , that I understood humanity . They were obviously mistaken . How so ? I betrayed the crew of Voyager , threatened you with assimilation . I did not expect you to return for me .|Looks like you still have a few things to learn .
Emil , don 't tell me you followed this poor man across half the town .|You 're a darling !
Oh , God , no , George was just horny .|He got Suzie to illustrate them exactly how he wanted them .
I came ... a week after he died .|So you never met George Summersbee ?
Excuse me Mr. Pelican ...|Don 't worry . I won 't tell anyone .
Mommy and Daddy won 't let me watch Bad Boys .|Bad Boys , huh ? What you gonna do ?
Bella !|Don 't ignore me . You 'll regret it !
Don 't ignore me . You 'll regret it !|You understand that , don 't you ?
All in .|Goodness .
Anyone can see you 're a pelican . Not at all . You are the first person to notice . When I wear clothes like humans do , they see me as a human .|And humans are very strange because they believe in illusions . Illusions ? What 's that ?
And humans are very strange because they believe in illusions . Illusions ? What 's that ?|It means that things seem different from what they really are .
What , you some kind of freak , boy ?|Hey , G , we 're going down to the race track today , man . You wanna put a couple of ones on a bet ? Well , I 'm not much of a gambler , Master William , but since you 're going back wheel the eighth with the one on top of the two , three and six . And in the fifth , par tri the three eight with the two and five .
You got yourself a secret life going , don 't you , G ?|Will , which one do you think your friend Frank will like best ? This one ? Or this one ?
The bookshop . Against your cottage .|The bookshop isn 't yours to give . It 's Bella 's too . My share of the bookshop then .
Ladies and gentlemen , five minutes to post time . I 'm so excited . I just know I 'm gonna win . I have a system that can 't miss . Oh , yeah ? What 's that ? I bet on every horse .|Hilary , one of them has to win . I know and it doesn 't matter which one . Isn 't it great ?
Yes ! A splendid piece of furniture .|Very handy when you want to drift on the water while taking a nap !
It 's Rest Darling in front , Daddy 's Best , second and Lilac Lady , third . I can feel it . He 's about to make his move .|He ain 't even leave the gate yet , man . Well , he 's just psyching out the other horses .
This is someone else 's study .|Cecilie ran a shop specialising in ' 60s clothing .
Is this a clock ? Everybody talks about the clock . Would you explain to me what you use it for ?|Looks like I have to teach you both this and that .
It 's only a day away|Oh . And this was when he was just a yearling . Oh , and look , this is when he won his first race . Look , Will . Carlton , I ain 't trying to be looking at that horse all day , man . Now , look , just watch some TV and take your mind off of it , all right ? Hello . I 'm Mister Ed .
Really ? What kind of things ? I 'll explain some day when you understand a little more .|Okay . Let 's continue .
This don 't seem that hard .|You know my motto . If you 're a woman on the go like me , things can get rough . And when they do , don 't sweat , y 'all . Drink Jet . Jet cola that is .
You know my motto . If you 're a woman on the go like me , things can get rough . And when they do , don 't sweat , y 'all . Drink Jet . Jet cola that is .|Well , then , be a woman on the go . Leave so I can vacuum .
Okay , girls get naked .|Uh ... Simon says , get naked .
There is no way I 'm gonna let her parade around on some beach hawking Jet cola in nothing but a skimpy bikini . And showing that can all over national TV .|And I ain 't talking about the soda .
What about his face ?|How did you know it was George ? It was difficult . He was quite a mess .
One more squeak from either of you and I will ...|Not a single peep , I warn you ... Not a sound .
But you could still make out his clothes , his wedding ring .|What had happened ? We figured that he was trying to fix something and that he 'd got caught under the boat , before the current dragged him away . Why were you here ? We were going to go out on the river together like old times .
Do your parents know that I am a pelican ?|Mom didn 't believe me when I told her . And Dad doesn 't live with us . They 've separated .
You mustn 't tell people that you 're a bird . You have to beware of people .|Especially the Night Queen .
What about what I want ? Doesn 't that matter ?|No .
You laughed too .|I laughed ? Why ?
Very bad combination .|Goodbye .
Is that you ? Mr Summersbee ?|You 're alive .
So Emil , ten years , 14 2 cm .|Soon you 'll be as tall as your dad . Why doesn 't he write ?
Soon you 'll be as tall as your dad . Why doesn 't he write ?|This time of the summer , in the country there 's ... A lot of work to do . That 's what you say every day . I know I do , but it 's the truth .
He said he can 't meet you here .|He mentioned the woods where you used to play . He said you 'd understand .
Keep your bins !|Ah ! Emil ! Who 's your new friend ? That girl ? Nobody I know . My name is Elsa . Are you Mr. Berd ? I certainly am . Nice to meet you .
Ah ! Emil ! Who 's your new friend ? That girl ? Nobody I know . My name is Elsa . Are you Mr. Berd ? I certainly am . Nice to meet you .|My family organizes a harvest party in the yard . Here is your invitation .
There 's a section in here about their childhood . Sarah mentioned something ... about George and Nick playing endlessly in some woods near the house .|Here .
This is ridiculous ...|Help ! There he is !
Dad ?|Dad ? Is that you ?
I don 't understand !|If it 's you , please say something !
If it 's you , please say something !|Ssh .
That 's it . Bannerdown Woods .|I don 't understand . What happened ? Not now , Bel . Keep moving . Where have you been all this time ?
I don 't understand . What happened ? Not now , Bel . Keep moving . Where have you been all this time ?|Let 's get out of here .
I need to know . Where have you been ?|I was with Cecilie . Cecilie ?
It 's ... where we played with Mum when I was small .|And what happened once you were here ?
He 's a very good human with a pure heart .|Like you , my friend .
I 'm back ! Shield , heal , spam heal , shield ! My hair is naturally wavy . Oh , no ! No , no , no ! No one breaks up with me .|I do the breaking . Hearts , limbs , and not on Twitter !
Yeah , well , I thought 140 characters was enough . Hashtag " sweet burns " .|What the ... ?
I turned him over and pulled it out .|So you have no idea who did this ?
But before I do , you shall see her dance .|Ask Elsa to come too .
That you ate it ! I assume your Guild will honor the agreement that we agreed upon ? Yes . Our Guild has been tainted enough .|Anarchists , game over .
Oh , dear .|Mrs Summersbee . Inspector . I 'm afraid Nick and Maggie aren 't here . They have gone to their big event .
I 'll say how nice it is to have a father figure around , or some crap like that . You know what ? Maybe we are kinda equals .|In your fucking dreams .
You 're a pelican !|Pelicans don 't cry .
Hey , Tink ! Hey , I just wanted to say that after that fight , I feel like I can relate to what happened to you more . I mean , you really connected with your avatar , right ? Maybe even talked to her ? Talked to who ? Your avatar ? Codex , it 's just a game .|Right . Absolutely .
I 'm afraid he faked his previous death .|He 's been living in Midsomer Mere ever since .
He was living with a woman called Cecilie Peterson . I 'm sorry .|Does Bella know ?
Gonna get me a tie again ? Yeah . Getting me shoes ? Yeah . From your store ? Yup . Why don 't we just forget about presents this year ? Fine with me . I mean , after all , anniversaries are about being together . Yeah , you 're right . I 'll come home tonight . How 's that ?|Yeah , I 'll be here , you 'll be here , the TV will be here . Let 's not make a big deal about it this year , all right ? Yeah . We don 't need a bunch of silly presents to show we love each other . I know that I love you . Yeah , yeah , yeah . I said that I love you . I said yeah , yeah , yeah . I got to get ready for work . Listen , Al , since you 're not gonna get me a present , do you think you could take my car and have a radio installed ? Peg , I don 't have the time . Yeah , but I 'm out all day long , you know , running errands . What am I supposed to listen to ? Your own beautiful voice . If God didn 't want other people to hear it , he wouldn 't have made it so shrill . I 'm going to take a shower . Yeah , I gotta do the laundry . When you do the laundry , you use all the hot water . If God had wanted you to have hot water , he wouldn 't have given me laundry . Dad , are you really not gonna get Mom a present ? Whoo , bad move . No matter what she says , if you don 't get her a present , you 're gonna break her heart . Yeah . Then she 'll take it out on us . Dad , even Meg 's father got her mom an anniversary present , and he shot at her .
I 'm sorry Emil , please come in . I can 't , I 'm going to the country , to my dad . I brought you this tree . To cheer you up .|Thank you . You 're a true friend .
Oh , Mom , guess what ? Dad 's getting you a great watch . That is supposed to be a surprise , butthead . It 's one of those expensive ones that you 're always harping about . Ohh ... What a sweet man .|Yeah , that sweet man would get me a great gift , and I 'll be sitting there like a jerk with nothing for him . Well , I 'm gonna go out and get him something . What is it he 's really wanting ? That blond down the street .
Did he tell you that ? No , I just assumed it by the way he bites his fist whenever he drives by her house . He 's just kidding when he does that . Excuse me . One second .|Aah !
So er ... she 's the power behind the throne , is she ? Absolutely . Always has been .|Ever since she first came to the village .
Oh , I 'm just kidding when I do that . You kids go ahead and get ready for school .|Aah !
Mr Braylesford , open the door . It 's been ever so hard for him . He 's never really got over Bella .|He once went out with her , you see . Well , sort of . Didn 't really take it ending as well as he might .
So ... I guess you guys have a big evening planned , huh ? Oh , pretty much . I 'll fix dinner . We 'll exchange presents . Then he 'll watch midget wrestling . Ooh . What time does it come on ? Steve ! We hate wrestling . I know . I just want to know how late midgets got to stay up . Now , Peggy ... This is a special night for you . And you shouldn 't spend it cooking . Listen . I know a great caterer . Let them do the work . A caterer ? Yeah . We use them for all our anniversaries . The first day we met . First day we kissed . The first day we went out . The first day we stayed in . The first day you brought me flowers . The first day you talked dirty to me . I love you , Steve . I love you too , Marcie .|Do they make veal ?
That 's beautiful . To know me is to love me .|Here comes how I feel right now . Sir , your card 's been rejected . Why ? I don 't care . Next . Wait a second . It 's my anniversary . Happy anniversary . Next . I 'll take the watch .
Here comes how I feel right now . Sir , your card 's been rejected . Why ? I don 't care . Next . Wait a second . It 's my anniversary . Happy anniversary . Next . I 'll take the watch .|Wow , I wish I could make stuff like that . Maybe you can . Would like to be a chef ? No , I 'd rather be a man .
Bella !|You ruined my life . Why didn 't you tell me it was your idea to end it ?
Why did you send me up there ? I told you , your dad asked .|Curtis , you need to come with me . Bella , look at me .
It is ... It is ... Quite ! It is a " Save the Planet " wastepaper basket !|Just press with your foot here ... like this !
As long as I don 't have to put with them in person . Surprise ! Surprise ! Happy anniversary ! Peg , I thought we said no big deal . Oh , it 's not big deal . It 's just us and a few of our closest friends .|And a violinist . And a few others . Time for presents . Peg , I thought we said no presents . Well , I know , but it 's our anniversary . And I couldn 't resist . You didn 't tell your mom I was gonna get her a present , did you ? It was Kelly , Dad . I know she 's your daughter , but I think she 's got to go .
It 's rather unusual that they come as far north as this .|A town is not the best place for a pelican .
And as some of you know , his latest manuscript has gone missing .|Dr Summersbee . Stop .
It would be better if he found his way back home .|Dad , I think I should go back to town already today .
Dr Summersbee . Stop .|Because the er ... manuscript hasn 't really gone missing .
I heard you say you 'd give anything to take a look at it . You little wad ! You thief ! You little Nazi fascist psychopath ! Mom , can I have that back please ? Of course , dear . They 're your private moments , and Bud had no right to take it . It was a nice thought , though , Bud . You open wound ! Here , we got you two one of our favorite books . My Partner , My Wife , My Life .|My God . Well , that 's all for the presents . Thank you very much . Good night , and drive safely . No ! It 's my turn . Peg , were you here this morning when we said no presents ? Oh , Al .
Until he " died " . And then everything got better . You met Maggie , you wrote your book . Your brother 's death was the best thing that ever happened to you .|Nick loved George .
Ohh .|Ooh !
Well , your husband did take quite a risk for his brother . Didn 't you ?|Here .
He was a patient of yours , wasn 't he ? Did he die or did you kill him ?|He died of natural causes .
There they are !|Jump onto my back !
You didn 't have to bring a present . Yes , I did , Al . Peg hates me .|Thank you , Luke . Hey , Al , your daughter 's really blossomed .
He died of natural causes .|Well , we now know that it was his body you identified as your brother .
But now it 's over .|As a human I learned that I have to be myself .
But he didn 't disappear .|He stayed nearby and he kept on writing . And then he contacted Suzie about a new manuscript . Presumably that was your worst nightmare . He was alive all this time ?
Young lady , would you put your mask on please ?|I 'm Dr Sandstrom 's daughter .
But it wasn 't enough , was it ? Desperate to stop publication you killed Niall Colebrooke and then you tracked George down and killed him in the woods this morning .|Is this true ?
Oh , you 're not going to be that lucky .|That 's not funny .
But you must also remember to laugh and to sing .|And to keep your shoes in the fridge !
For some stupid books .|And for this piece of nothing !
Okay , and where are you ? Almost there .|Almost what , dad ?
Almost what , dad ?|Another 10 , maybe 9 hours , we 'll know for sure .
Another 10 , maybe 9 hours , we 'll know for sure .|Whether you 're going to like , live or die or whatever , I guess . Yeah .
And for this piece of nothing !|I hated him !
That is so fucked up . Lilith , I don 't want to argue about this . You could be dying and all you have to say to me is go home to your mum 's ? I don 't know what you want me to say ! You want me to tell you that I 'm going to be all right ? You want me to lie to you ? I don 't know !|I don 't know .
That 's all we needed .|Thijs , what are you doing ?
I don 't know .|Well , okay then .
He might have taken you away from me .|And I couldn 't risk that .
Everything .|Now , I had to guess . Size 16 shirt , 32x32 pants , boxers I would imagine , medium . Size 9 shoe . Did I get it right ?
Here 's Anita . Come on .|Frank copped out again ?
Good luck .|Hi Mum , it 's me .
It 's Rob you need to thank . He came to see me and pleaded with me not to hurt you just because of some stupid mistake .|That 's very generous of you . Not really . I get a lovely view from the moral high ground .
So , you 're okay ?|Uh , you got the car keys ?
Sure you do , your dad taught you , didn 't he ?|Well , this one 's not right . I need to do it over . Fine . Have a seat , I 'll be right back . And don 't touch anything . Just ...
The Army of Mohammed . Are you a member of The Army of Mohammed ? I can 't believe you would ask me that . Do you recognize these emails ?|Where are you going with this , Caroline ?
That 's all I have left !|Pride won 't getThijs to a soccer camp !
Pride won 't getThijs to a soccer camp !|It can 't hurt to try .
It can 't hurt to try .|Maybe overdrawn ? impossible . Ijust gotpaid .
Maybe overdrawn ? impossible . Ijust gotpaid .|You want to putsome back ? I 'IIjust check .
It 's possible , theoretically that you could ... You know , extract the DNA . But that doesn 't mean that you ...|Don 't you have a parade or something you should be covering ?
No , Luke !|How did you get into the box ?
Mr Latimer , someone died here this evening . Where is he ? Where 's Gideon ? Sir , please . This is Luke Altman , Hannah 's husband . Sorry for your loss . Shall we talk somewhere ? If anyone 's dead because of his stupid trick , it should be him ! The trick didn 't go wrong .|The equipment was sabotaged . This is murder . Someone tried to kill me ?
Two days fun , then I 'd have to look after it . hold this .|Sorry , but we really can 't . Mum has to work , you go to school . The dog 'd be home alone all day .
The equipment was sabotaged . This is murder . Someone tried to kill me ?|A judgment from God . On you ... for polluting his house .
Hey , what 's up ? I 've got proof . I mean , I saw it .|Yeah , you saw what ? Is your dad here ?
Yeah , you saw what ? Is your dad here ?|Lilith , my DNA is exactly like my brother 's . I saw it .
Where did you meet her ?|From the gym ...
Okay . It was identical .|So , what ? What ? That makes you a clone ? Yes ! Your dad 's got to believe me now . I mean , he 'll want a study .
Strange , she had multiple sclerosis .|We did aqua jogging .
I have lovely shoes and a matching bag a top chef cooking for you at home . It 's Joop Braakhekke . Come up here !|He won 't cook for the whole family .
Yeah , yeah , I know you 're right . It 's too gay . Uh , there 's tequila and margarita mix . Oh , no . I don 't drink alcohol ... in general . Oh .|It 's 3 : 00 . I mean , it 's a pretty good time to start , right ?
One of us had to stay and look after the place .|Will we find anyone prepared to verify that you were behind the bar all evening ?
Okay , sure .|Are ...
Will we find anyone prepared to verify that you were behind the bar all evening ?|Magda was there , she helps us out sometimes .
Magda was there , she helps us out sometimes .|I was down in the cellar for a bit .
We had a problem with one of the barrels . How long is " a bit " ?|Er ... five , maybe ten minutes .
Do you know Hira has a brother who 's a member of a terrorist cell in Pakistan ?|Coincidence ?
I want to walk back . I need some air . I 'll come with you . Someone needs to go in the car , since my mother has bothered to wait .|I 'd like some time alone with my wife , if that 's OK , Theo ?
Keep calm ... Let them have it .|Letme try ...
Okay , we 're asking the wrong questions here . Is he a clone or not , fuck that , there 's no way . So , what 's the thing ? The thing is ...|The thing is ...
I should hope so , it cost the earth .|35,000for an evening with EsteIIe ! beautiful women are priceless .
Bye , Ruud !|Sorry ...
Sorry ...|Never mind ...
The concert was in aid of the church restoration fund ? Yes . We need vital building work done , and the diocese won 't give us a penny .|And if we don 't raise the money in the next couple of weeks , it will be the end for St Cyprian 's .
She didn 't believe you . She sent someone to interrogate my parents .|Okay , so I 'll pick you up tomorrow morning at 8 : 00 .
I can 'tmake that .|Are you crazy ? Of course you can ! I 'm justpIaying hard to get .
Fine ? What time ?|Yes , me too .
" Be kind , Annabel .|It 'll get easier . "
Or they fill them with stowaways ! Anyway . Listen to this .|Bathing suit ! Big business .
You 're real , Mick .|No , I mean real like his son .
No , I mean real like his son .|Cal was always , you know like , the sick one , the one that needed to be saved . And I was always ...
Cal was always , you know like , the sick one , the one that needed to be saved . And I was always ...|I don 't know , like some kind of lab experiment . You 're not a lab experiment ! I was just made to save my brother and now he 's gone . Then what difference does it make if I 'm dead or alive ?
It 'll get easier . "|Did your wife make a will ?
Not that I know of , no . So you 'll inherit the pub ? A fat lot of good it 'll do me . This place is mortgaged to the hilt .|Hannah did her best to make it work but it 's a money pit .
Adrink on the linesman .|Come on , Thijs .
I know .|So am I.
So am I.|It 's been some time .
Ten years , Tampa .|The Hyatt Convention Hall . You stood up and publicly challenged my direction in the Human Genome Project .
Your shoes aren 'tvery practical .|I had no idea .
Notvery well .|That 's why I 'm so glad you came . Now the Dutch Open final between Holland and Argentina . Fancy a walk ?
What was it , Luke ?|She 'd had a fling . Who with ?
She 'd had a fling . Who with ?|A guy called Rhodri Probert .
Of course I was , yeah .|But that doesn 't mean I killed her .
But that doesn 't mean I killed her .|Are you here about Hannah ?
You came after all .|I wanted to thank you for the soccer day .
I wanted to thank you for the soccer day .|Thijs thought it was great . So did I. I always go with him but this was different .
He 's at work , the florist on the green . Why do you need to speak to him ? We told your officers everything last night .|Just routine . Thank you , Mrs Probert .
Expensive gift . Frederique 's like that . She doesn 't give book tokens but a bookshop !|That 's a problem for your kind . When you already have it all .
The search team 's at the pub now . Shall I go back over ?|After we 've talked to the Curate .
Our kind ...|A book token is nice too .
But I have plenty to tell Magnus .|I 'm sure you do . He is your vicar , after all .
And you 're rather fond of drama , aren 't you ?|I 'm thinking of the message you posted on Gideon Latimer 's website accusing him of being the son of the devil . I was quoting the Bible , Inspector .
My parents , they got divorced and my mom , she took me out West ... and I never saw my dad . Or like hardly ever .|And , whenever I did , he was way too busy to ... to even notice me .
I knew he was there , I knew he was with me in my room .|I knew he was there and I knew that he had died .
It 's my job to root it out and that 's what I intend to do .|An affair with Hannah ? Where did you get that idea ? From her husband .
I mean , I wouldn 't be dying .|It 's not like I 'm afraid to die or anything , you know .
This is the first time I 've done anything with a woman since Theresa ... I mean , standing here with a woman .|Look at thatfIag ...
Oh , did I fall asleep ? Come on , let me help you to your room . No , I 'm fine . I 'm fine here .|Are you all right ?
It was mutual . No hard feelings .|I assume your wife knows nothing about any of this ?
And getme an appointment with the new director of Grundig ...|Goodness ... ellis , quick !
Goodness ... ellis , quick !|Come on down !
I 've spent my whole life fighting .|To go to school . To learn the things I 've learned . To make a mark in my field . I won 't let them take that away .
OK , thank you .|Sir ?
Sir ?|Err ... would you ...
Take the dog for a walk .|I 'm off ...
Are you expecting somebody ?|No .
It 's been a Iong time .|A little monster .
Before you try to cast blame on others , perhaps you should look closer to home .|What on earth are you talking about ? I 've suspected for a long time .
I see .|Look , Mick 's scared . He 's all alone , he has no one to talk to and he sure as hell can 't talk to you .
You said the business was struggling . That 's what Hannah told me . So where did this come from ?|I don 't know .
What did you want to ask ? ellis ... Dove ...|I am not very good at this , but ... Don 't be silly .
I never thought about the consequences .|Let 's just go , dad .
Let 's just go , dad .|Mick ... Uh ...
The coffee 'II get cold .|No problem . If you don 'twant to , then we won 't .
Andrew Maplin has worked in four parishes in the last five years . Seems like a lot . I can 't say I 'm surprised . But he 's not mad , and he 's not stupid .|When he says there 's an ancient evil at work in Midsomer Oaks , he means something specific . But what ?
When he says there 's an ancient evil at work in Midsomer Oaks , he means something specific . But what ?|It 's perfectly simple ... I asked you to think of something ... Gideon ?
Dad , just ...|Tell me you can help him .
Tell me you can help him .|I don 't know .
Don 'tIookIike that . I didn 't say no , Ijust need to think . Of course.Take your time . It was a wonderful day . We 'II meet again soon .|Thank you for today .
By exposing your purpose in coming to Midsomer Oaks , and showing the world what you really are .|All of you .
We can play cricket !|Come and stay for afew days .
I 'm sorry .|Not only has Dr. David Sandstrom acknowledged the possibility of our miraculous cloning of Jesus , but he said he would prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt . Hey , did you check out what 's going on out there ? Some kind of demonstration . David 's not going to like it .
All of you .|" Murderers , fornicators , sorcerers , idolaters , and all liars , shall have their lot in the lake which burns with fire and sulphur which is the second death . "
I say . What a surprise !|There you are . darling , Meindert ...
Never mind .|It 's always practical .
Are you ready for this ?|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|Could you just lie and say : " Yeah , I 'm great David , there 's nothing to worry about . I just know you are going to kick Caroline 's ass , if she gets in my face . " No . I can 't say that . Could you at least think it ?
Silence , child !|It 's your father who 's to blame . So , how did you get on ?
Now what labs ? Where 's your documentation ? Is that it ? They show the blood to be that of a man .|A man with the genetic characteristics of a Semite . Come one , a lab told you that ? How much are you paying them Walsh ? No !
I 'm here .|Where are you ?
As long as they 're happy .|A nice couple .
Would you like to see my studio ?|Long shot here ...
There are two coins . One is in your hand , the other was concealed under the deck of cards from the start .|Spoilsport .
Spoilsport .|Sir ?
Tell me about this Dawson guy next door . He looks so different . He used to be kind of short and compact . You stay away . That boy is trouble .|Aren 't they all ?
Why not go to see a whore ? Last chance !|Oh yes . You can 't afford it ! Ask for a bill . Frederique would love to pay it .
Let 's get him back to the lab .|" Sir Hugo Melmoth . Born 23rd January , 1758 . Died June 23rd , 1802 .
I don 't think so , Grams . Thanks , though .|Is there some reason you don 't want to thank our Lord this morning ? Grams , I really didn 't want to get into this since I only just got here and I 'm kind of prone to headaches and all but I don 't do well with the church and the Bible and this prayer stuff . I beg your pardon ?
I Iive here , yes .|The pot calling the kettle black !
Mrs. Bates .|Psycho .
On the altar stone .|Oh , no ! You poor girl !
Oh , no ! You poor girl !|Tell me about the site . You called it " the temple " ? The pagan temple . That 's what the locals call it .
You too ?|You only live once . Why putup with second best ?
We have that ?|What ?
I 'll tell you what , I 'll go to church when you say the word " penis . " You stop that talk . It 's just a word , Grams . Clinical and technical . Penis .|Grams , I really love you , but you 're gonna have to lighten up . I 'll see you later .
I wonder , are there any books about the temple in the library here ? There isn 't a library . The last owner sold off the books and converted the room into a home cinema . Luckily , I 'm not really interested in the past .|I 've been looking for information on this place . There 's the usual stuff about architecture . Any mention of a pagan temple ? Not so far . Andrew Maplin visited here last night , to warn Gideon Latimer to mend his evil ways . He left around 8 : 30 , allegedly .
He received a call at 9 : 23 , made from an unidentified mobile . We 're trying to trace it , but I 'm sure it 'll turn out to be a prepaid job . Anything else of interest ? Andrew called the Bishop at two o 'clock yesterday , to ask for a meeting . He insisted it had to be today but he wouldn 't say what it was about .|Get a couple of PCs up here tonight , will you ?
Yes . You 're busy with the preparations all week !|Did I have a tie ?
So ... So ...|It was a really repulsive evening .
I already have an electric oyster knife . Never mind . It 's the problem for our kind ...|When you already have it all ?
CouIdn 'tyou sleep ?|How are you , Thijs ? Did you come by car ?
Records of parish council meetings , a draft thesis on St Jerome . Not much internet activity , except recently , on Gideon 's site . And no photographs or film , which is odd , because I found this .|It 's quite new , but it looks like it 's been in the wars . I can 't turn it on . Can you salvage the memory card ? Yeah , probably .
No ... I have a tournamentnextweek . could you give us a lift ? Next week ?|Nextweekhe has a wedding .
What happened tonight , Joey ? I wigged out .|What is going on between us ?
I 'm coming .|When will Gijs come round ? Go to sleep , you have school tomorrow .
Kate wants us back . Bring the camera with you .|Are you busy ? Yes , of course I am . Why ?
Are you OK ?|Kind of .
A little thing like murder 's not gonna stand in his way .|I just keep seeing the body lying there . Oh , come on . Come here .
Let 's do something nice tomorrow . Any suggestions ? I want to marry you .|Tomorrow ?
He filmed his own murder ? No , look at the date .|This footage was shot when Andrew Maplin was still very much alive .
It 's all so complicated .|We 're growing up , Dawson , that 's all . Even Spielberg outgrew his Peter Pan syndrome .
Usually in the morning , with Katie Couric !|SubRip by Szabby 
This is fun , seriously . We should do dinner next time .|Bye . Bye .
I just haven 't been feeling like myself lately .|You think we have to dress up for this thing ? You probably do . I don 't , considering I 'm not going .
You think we have to dress up for this thing ? You probably do . I don 't , considering I 'm not going .|I should try talking to him . Try to clear the air . Excellent move . Watch me fade .
What can I do for you ? A caviar roll , please .|Joking ...
Joking ...|I thoughtso .
What do you want of me ?|To see how we get along .
To see how we get along .|We aren 't . We aren 't getting along .
Welcome , charitable friends . I 'm sure you 're all dying to find out ... who you 'll be glued to , so let 's get to it . You gotta be kidding , man . Cut me a break . I 'm 10 minutes late .|Uh , he missed the deadline .
Why don 't you go and lie down , hm ?|Aren 't you done yet ? Nearly , Mrs Latimer .
I 've sent the footage to the tech department and asked them to blow up shots of individuals . The leaves on Luke 's mask were made of leather . The ones on Andrew 's were real . There was another difference too . Did you notice ?|Andrew 's mask didn 't have an opening for the mouth .
Sign him up .|Our first couple is ...
Early supper ? It 'll only be posh nibbles up at Melmoth Hall .|You 're going to need something to soak up the booze .
And he 'II be in trouble if you betray him like his father .|I 'm busy , Gijs , and don 't have caviar . I 'd rather you left .
Stay away from us ... or I 'm gonna make you wish you never washed up here .|Ladies and gentlemen , if we could have contestants only on the dance floor , please . We 're ready to begin .
Magnus , you can 't give up on this . Two people , one of them my curate , have died in the most horrible of circumstances . And I 'm very sorry .|But somebody has to try and save St Cyprian 's .
But somebody has to try and save St Cyprian 's .|It 's what Andrew would have wanted .
Oh , looks like that 's it for Mark Owens and Judy Kramer . And they were so close . Let 's give them a round of applause as they exit the dance floor .|I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry .|Everybody , stop right where you are . Ladies , look to your left . Gentlemen , look to your right . That 'll be your new partner for this next dance . Just something to shake things up .
What use are you to me ?|I already have a kid athome .
Here .|Welcome to Melmoth Hall !
Holy Christ !|Shit ! Where 'd he go ?
Paula 's not as bad as you think . You 've both gotta get off this .|She wants to make everybody hate me .
Where 'd he go ?|I think he crossed the river . Let 's go . Let 's go .
Stay away . Stay away from us .|You , the Kramers , this whole town . Okay , everybody , back to your original partners . We 're pushing on through to the end now . No more breaks . If you can 't keep up , you can 't keep going .
You guys were fighting before . What do you think I did , Judy ? I don 't know . I guess maybe you froxe .|Come on !
Thank you .|Thank you . How does he do that ?
Maybe you think I 'm lying , huh ? No , I don 't think you 're lying .|It 's like I was dreaming . I keep driving to get help for her .
Oh ! Come on !|Just perfect !
Good evening , Mr Probert .|Why didn 't you tell us about this before ? You didn 't ask .
I 'm sure you heard about the circumstances in which Andrew Maplin 's body was found . Why didn 't you come forward then ?|Mr Probert ... you were present when your former lover was killed , and now a man caught filming your solstice ceremony has also been murdered . I suggest you start talking , either here or at the station .
And in this world and the next ... you reap what you sow . Now , you hurry up . I 'll be waiting out here .|The religious right is neither . Don 't apologize .
Oh , the um ...|The Jack of Spades and the four of Diamonds .
WELL COOKED HAMS|RISE UP , RISE UP , GLORIOUS FIRE , FLICKERING FRIEND , RISE UP . RISE UP ! RISE UP !
RISE UP , RISE UP , GLORIOUS FIRE , FLICKERING FRIEND , RISE UP . RISE UP ! RISE UP !|YES ! RISE , OH , MAGIC FLAME . RISE HIGHER AND HIGHER AND HIGHER AND HIGHER . RISE ! RISE , I SAID .
Why did you ask me that ?|I want you to .
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN , MY BEAUTIFUL ASSISTANT , THE LOVELY GRETA .|SAP ! AND NOW , FROM DEADLY FIRE , COMES VIBRANT , BOUNTIFUL ...
Don 't worry , Mrs Soane , I 'm not going to try to read your mind . Believe me , I wouldn 't dare !|Luke and some of the others didn 't approve .
Tell me what happened after you went off the road .|Her brain , it fell out .
Her brain , it fell out .|I never saw a brain before . God , don 't do this shit to me !
I never saw a brain before . God , don 't do this shit to me !|Tell me what happened after you went off the road .
Tell me what happened after you went off the road .|Don 't die on me .
I wasn 't about to lose everything over a stupid title .|12 magicians have lost their lives performing this next feat .
WATCH CLOSELY , LADIES AND GENTLEMEN , AS FROM DEADLY FIRE COMES ...|VIBRANT ...
Are you a good shot , Lorna ? Better than average . That 's a relief . Now ...|Forget about the glass .
Get a doctor . You 've got a man down . Don 't just stand there , get someone ! You are in such fucking violation !|Damn !
Who is the High Priest of Sulis ? The obvious candidate , I suppose , Sir Hugo Melmoth 's descendant . And who is that ?|Lorna Soane .
BRAVO !|THANK YOU , LADIES AND GENTLEMEN . THANK YOU . AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THE GRAND FINALE . WE SHALL PROVE THAT DEATH ITSELF IS BUT AN ILLUSION . LADIES AND GENTLEMEN , I PRESENT TO YOU ... THE INFAMOUS BOX OF DEATH .
I think you can , you son of a bitch .|All you need to know , Jesse , is I 'm the man . I am god , and you are back in my house , and if you ever try that shit again , you 're gonna wish you were fucking dead .
THANK YOU , LADIES AND GENTLEMEN . THANK YOU . AND NOW IT IS TIME FOR THE GRAND FINALE . WE SHALL PROVE THAT DEATH ITSELF IS BUT AN ILLUSION . LADIES AND GENTLEMEN , I PRESENT TO YOU ... THE INFAMOUS BOX OF DEATH .|ENJOY , AS THE BOX ORIGINATED , IT WAS LONG CONSIDERED THE MOST DANGEROUS ILLUSION OF ALL . BUT TONIGHT , MY FRIENDS , ESPECIALLY FOR YOU , I WILL ENTER THE BOX OF DEATH . AS YOU CAN SEE , EACH OF THESE VERY SHARP SWORDS IS POISED TO SLASH INTO THE BOXES . WHEN THEY ARE HELD TOGETHER BY A SERIES OF WIRES AND ROPES , AND EACH ONE OF THEM IS CONNECTED TO ONE SAFETY ROPE HERE . OBSERVE . 1 ... 2 ... 3 !
NOW , WHEN THE SECRET OF THE BOX CROSSES THE ASIAN CONTINENT AND COMES INTO TURKEY , THERE WAS ADDED AN EVEN MORE DANGEROUS WRINKLE . THE DEADLY SULFURIC ACID .|WOW ! AH ! THOSE TURKS !
The last thing I need is this Cesar guy to become an issue . Look , nobody wants to make him one . I 'm just arguing for more time .|You know there 's some talk that I may be running for national office , so the press is just pounding me , and if those cannibals get their claws into you ... My God . All those rumors from the past . I 'll tell them you 're a vegetarian .
HOW DID YOU DO IT ? DON 'T ASK . NO . PLEASE . PLEASE !|ALL RIGHT , MY BOY . I WILL TELL YOU ONLY . BUT JUST THIS ONCE .
LET 'S NOT KEEP OUR AUDIENCE WAITING .|LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ...
Please believe me when I say ...|I am sorry about everything .
AS YOU CAN SEE , EACH OF THESE DEADLY SHARP INSTRUMENTS ARE POISED TO SLICE INTO THE BOX . AND JUST TO MAKE IT MORE INTERESTING , WE 'VE ADDED A CONTAINER OF SULFURIC ACID . I WOULD HATE TO THINK WHAT WOULD HAPPEN TO THAT PERSON IN THE BOX IF THE ROPE WERE TO BURN AND THE KNIVES WERE TO FALL . FALL !|THE ONLY THING HOLDING THEM BACK ARE A SERIES OF WIRES CONNECTED TO THIS SINGLE LINE . AND NOW TO ADD TO THE MIX , WE HAVE A PAIR OF HANDCUFFS ... AND A PADLOCKED BURLAP SACK .
After you entered through the mirror , you circulated , talking to the guests and doing tricks , is that right ? Yes . Why did you choose Magnus and Lorna Soane as subjects ?|They 're well known in the community . People like to see authority figures put at a disadvantage . You went straight from one to the other , in full sight of everyone in the room ? Yes . Everyone who was here will confirm that .
Could you talk to him , please ?|Thanks .
Hey .|You sure you want to do this , kid ? Yes , sir . All right .
SOMETHING WENT WRONG ! PULL OUT THE KNIVES !|GOD !
Look at that .|You 've got to make sure the lower restraint 's tight . It can 't touch the ground . Right .
GOD !|SOMEBODY GET A DOCTOR !
This gun has been modified so that it doesn 't shoot real bullets , right ? Yes . If it is the one used in the stunt , Mrs Soane 's prints will be on it .|" The Great Enrico " .
I 'd better get back .|I 'm sorry .
Together , they have taken in Dinah . A metahuman herself with powers that she is only beginning to explore . These three are the protectors of New Gotham the Birds of Prey .|My name is Alfred Pennyworth , and this is their story .
This is it .|Padre .
He thinks you have big plans of your own to mark the day .|I did . Not any more . The paganism was just a new gimmick to help sell the act , that 's all .
I am the lamb , the way , the truth . Fuck !|It 's Mowatt . It 's Mowatt . Let 's go . Let 's get him .
I did love Annabel , Mr Barnaby .|I don 't know what I 'm going to do without her .
Okay , a body was found in New Gotham Park . Joey Norvillino , aged 23 .|And get this , he was in town for the New Gotham High reunion . BARBARA  : I 'm on my way .
If anyone can tell you that , it 'll be Dr Grenville , the lady who gave the talk the other night . I 'll give her a call . Would you ?|Bye .
Gideon , my dear .|Did you sleep ? Have you eaten this morning ? Yes , thank you . Really , I 'm fine . Good .
Thank you .|Yeah ! Move ! Fuck yeah !
No , way too practical .|Yeah , these are more like you . Tulips look so delicate , but they only bloom after a frost .
You know ... we don 't usually keep time the same way in our memories .|One second lasts a lifetime .
He told me he planned to discuss it with the Bishop , yes .|Could you have lost your job ? It 's not that easy to get rid of a beneficed clergyman of the Church of England .
I interned in a burn ward . You did ?|It 's the most intense pain a living person can endure .
Look , it 's ... It 's complicated .|I like complicated . It 's part of what makes you so attractive . What , just part ? See , I can 't talk about the other part in public .
I like complicated . It 's part of what makes you so attractive . What , just part ? See , I can 't talk about the other part in public .|Okay .
There 's no such thing as a lost cause , Magnus .|Mrs Soane , I should tell you that I talked to Rhodri Probert yesterday .
Serial killers , they usually toy with the police .|And sometimes it 's a desperate attempt to find a worthy adversary , someone who can stop their destructive impulses . I 've known a few of them .
Nothing we do is illegal . But it is highly unorthodox , for a vicar 's wife to lead a pagan cult .|Even one founded by her ancestor .
Real suave . Out of your league anyway , klutz .|Can I help you with something ? I definitely think so .
Can I help you with something ? I definitely think so .|You 've changed , Helena Kyle , and I like it .
Come on , asshole .|Oh , my God , look ! He is so cute !
Oh , my God , look ! He is so cute !|Mr. Mowatt .
REESE : Detective Jesse Reese . HELENA : Um ...|I 've got a couple questions ... Sorry , excuse me .
My husband 's investigating a series of murders in Midsomer Oaks .|Recent murders ?
Same m.o. As Gotham Park . Some hotshot Wall Street guy in from Metropolis . Judging from the neighborhood , it looks like he brought all his nasty habits with him . Guy 's name was , uh , Stuart Thomsen only 23 years old .|What ? You know the guy ?
Face forward . Mr. Mowatt .|Having been found guilty by the jury , you have a right to make a statement before I pass sentence .
Norvillino had gambling debts . I was running down a list of his bookies .|Maybe that 's their connection . See if Thomsen had the same problem .
Wall Street guy into gambling , huh ? I 've heard stranger things .|Check this out . It 's an invitation to the New Gotham High reunion . Does that mean anything to you ? Nope .
Check this out . It 's an invitation to the New Gotham High reunion . Does that mean anything to you ? Nope .|No .
Or some shit like that . No , man , that 's bullshit ! The truth is ...|I was already a mean little bastard , and I knew it ! Why am I listening to this ? Because it 's my right and it 's your obligation ! Just wrap it up .
Ballistics say the real gun was fired once , with a silencer .|All the victims had some kind of dispute with Lorna Soane .
BARBARA  : I 've set up a remote link to the Clocktower . Shouldn 't be too long before I have potentials .|Dinah , I can take care of the rest . Why don 't you go patrol ? This guy 's m.o. Is to strike in seclusion . So why don 't you make sure there 's no seclusion ?
You 're a doctor of what ? I completed my M.D. at Johns Hopkins and then got my Ph.D. in neurobiology and forensics . Do you have a first name ?|Diana . Why are you here ?
This science , it has the potential to help others .|I 'm sorry to hear that .
Look , I hate to do this , but I gotta go . So we 'll catch up another time .|I 'd like that .
You need to give the devil a face , don 't you ? I 'm sorry ?|Easier to give form and shape to evil than to recognize it within ourselves . Look , I 'm a scientist . I don 't believe in religious explanations for abnormal behavior . There 's no evidence of the devil 's existence .
I 'd like that .|Okay .
Or God .|I believe there 's a divine force . I also believe there 's a malevolent force .
A harmless sleeping draught .|I thought you 'd be happier in ignorance .
I really need your consent to do this test .|You sure you have the stomach for this , Doctor ?
Well , in medical school , you learn to develop a clinical detachment .|You learn to deal with all sorts of things so that you can do your job . You realize you 've been talking about yourself in the second person ?
How would you like to relive your finest hours ... record your accomplishments for history ?|Scholars and future generations dissecting your every move , your every impulse ?
He loved the wings . To Joey .|It 's a great place . They 've got these totally hot bartenders , you know ? One of them 's here .
Pain .|That was very clever . I 'm very impressed .
That was very clever . I 'm very impressed .|Appealing to my sense of grandiosity .
Cam said on his terms .|He goes and kills two guys to impress me . Now he 's playing hard to get ? This is about control , Helena . And we need to wrestle it back . Yeah , I will . This time on my terms .
Oracle , he 's going into the men 's room . BARBARA : So follow him . It 's the men 's room . Dinah , we 're dealing with a guy that can disappear like a chameleon . You can 't let him out of your sight .|All right .
All right .|Okay , Kyle , Kyle .
They all had something much more important in common . They all posed a threat ... to Gideon .|I barely knew Hannah , or Andrew Maplin !
My son is not a murderer . No . He doesn 't need to be .|You take care of his enemies for him .
He said I was " the One . " You 're the one what ? What ? I don 't know .|I am really scared for you . Don 't be .
Helena Kyle .|I can 't look at you . Everyone I see dies . Must avert eyes . Must return to party .
Andrew Maplin knew nothing about the death of William Holt , he just had a gift for choosing the right words at the wrong time . So when he started talking about exposing liars and murderers murderers , fornicators ... ... you thought he must 've found out the truth .|He was going to destroy us .
Why don 't you put your seatbelt on ? I will .|See you tomorrow .
Never . Can you imagine what our children would look like ? CAM : One way or another , we 're going to be together . It 's what I 've always dreamed of . And tonight , my dreams will come true .|You can 't see me , you can 't get by me , and you can 't stop it . Dinah , I need you in here immediately . I 'm on my way .
BARBARA : Helena , get out of there .|Close the door .
Shit ! Shit ! Mother fucker ! Get off of me ! Get off of me !|" And in those days shall men seek death , " and shall not find it , " and they shall desire to die ... and death shall flee from them . "
No , it 's not that .|Did I turn out that bad ? No , actually , uh it 's me who 's changed . I can tell .
Jack , I 'm sorry .|But it was really , really good to see you again .
It 's done .|Gideon ?
You too .|Good luck , Helena Kyle .
Gideon ?|Agh !
From what I 've learned , it fits Mowatt 's m.o.|How the hell did he do ... ? He 's a fucking freak of nature . He 's a perfect killing machine . And he will continue to kill until he 's stopped .
Somebody said you 'd arrested a woman .|Carole Latimer .
Really ?|Well , nice work .
That 's great .|He gets letters , you know .
He gets letters , you know .|Love letters .
Well , nice work .|Thanks .
Let me guess . Helena Kyle .|Yeah .
Well , who is she ?|Me .
This is like something out of the Middle Ages . Yeah , well , it don 't seem to bother your friend Mowatt any . I think he prefers the darkness .|He hears everything , plus he never sleeps . He 's the goddamnest thing you ever saw .
I 'm Helena Kyle .|Now you know .
Now , I 'm telling you , this guy is fucking spooky .|All right . Mowatt , you got company . It 's a conjugal visit . I can set up right over there . Would you get me a couple of tables and chairs , please ?
Yeah .|Well , who is she ?
Before you celebrate Sir Hugo 's sacrifice again next year , might I suggest you get in touch with Dr Dorothea Grenville ?|Lorna and I will be leaving Midsomer Oaks long before then , Mr Barnaby .
Got into a fight with myself .|I 've had days like that .
We both need to make a fresh start .|All the pagan and Christian stuff was just more smoke and mirrors , wasn 't it ? This wasn 't about religion at all .
Be quiet now , children , let 's be silent .|If you try to be good I 'll sing you a tale .
I don 't dream . I don 't even sleep .|We work out our demons in our sleep .
Yeah .|Helena Kyle .
It will be a quiet one with a happy ending .|There won 't be black men that scare our thoughts .
Be quiet now , children . Come closer .|I 'll whisper tonight 's tale , ..
You 're a bartender , huh ?|Yeah . A really good bartender .
But it 's the pyx ! You stole it ! You thief ! Come here ! I 'm going to catch you ! Look !|Thief !
These kids play so well . Kuk , kuk ...|For this they deserve a reward .
For this they deserve a reward .|I have decided that you ... Oh ...
I have decided that you ... Oh ...|Cheaters ! They will go into dungeon for that ! But Miriam , control yourself .
Cheaters ! They will go into dungeon for that ! But Miriam , control yourself .|Pardon , buggie .
Catch him , run ! Thief !|Thief !
No ! Oh , God ! Oh , Jesus ! What are we watching ? Apparently something of a first . A premiere . Ready ?|These are images from Jesse Mowatt 's brain , a psychic probe session I recorded . Criminy . These thoughts are coming from his head . I can 't wait to goose this creature . He 's got incredible talents . Yeah . So we 've heard . Psychic ability , telepathy , almost superhuman control over his own physiology . Who 's that ? That is Border Patrol Officer Littlefield , the murder Cesar Canales was executed for . Oh , jeez , we should have known this was coming . Mowatt 's brainwaves indicate that he was there . Absolutely .
We will all get poisoned ! Stop it !|Call the firefighters !
Quickly . And don 't let the bar go so that we don 't lose each other .|Alarm !
We are the Confraternity of the Trinity of the Pilgrims and Convalescents . But , who ?|Well , we ...
No . Do you still want to be ? I 'm not sure what you mean . I think you do . Look , Mr. Mowatt , I 'm very happy with my life , thank you .|Do you really want to know what it 's like to be God ? Your heart is pounding through your chest , your lungs are sucking up oxygen . You 're alive . It 's a rush . She 's dead .
Are you sleeping in the graves ?  We 're training ourselves for when we 'll have to die .|Your sores give you pain , but your appetite doesn 't desert you .
You bastard !|My God . What in God 's name are you ? Maybe I 'm the next step in evolution .
Your sores give you pain , but your appetite doesn 't desert you .| This soup isn 't good . And picky too ! Next time you come to Rome , stop by the Bear Inn . Yes , but since they 're still after me , .. .. couldn 't we close the door ? Eh , no ! Here the door is never closed . It is always open , day and night . So , if somebody enters , he will never exit . He 's trapped , a prisoner .
Are you really sure that I lent it to you ? Sure , but if you don 't remember don 't worry . I too forget everything . It must be old age .|Come on !
Don Filippo : You don 't realize the danger you ran into . In my church there is no sanctuary law ! And why ? Because I live there , who am an unworthy priest , loaded with vices and sins . I live like a lord , .. .. and I 'm the cause of all the pains suffered by Jesus . It was I who sent Him to Calvary . I never did anything good to a person . Even if I had done all the good of the world , ..|.. what would I have done , my Jesus ?
.. what would I have done , my Jesus ?|Come , don 't take it this way .
Now they are all together .|And the dog said come with us to Bremen , You can become a musician like us .
I got a complete recorded memory of that poor woman 's murder .|Jack , it 's authentic .
I don 't know what to do .|Releasing it won 't bring Cesar back . Or the guard . Be a lot of negative publicity . You bet .
This is better than fairy tales about Rumburak .|Get ready , Arabela . I 've come here for you ! Let 's go !
This is the way sacrilegious theft is punished in Rome ..|.. by exposing the pieces to edify those who pass by .
This is a virtual image of the photos of Judge Nichols . See , he 's got the same striations on his skin that the guard had , but on the guard , they radiate from a wound on his arm . See ? And on the judge , see right here ? They radiate from the wound on his neck . Mowatt 's wound .|So you think there is a connection to Mowatt ? I 'm saying it 's possible . You told me that he might have some kind of psychic ability . Yes . Do you think that there 's any possibility that he could have exerted some sort of control over their will ?
So you think there is a connection to Mowatt ? I 'm saying it 's possible . You told me that he might have some kind of psychic ability . Yes . Do you think that there 's any possibility that he could have exerted some sort of control over their will ?|I think it 's possible .
Finally , only the little princess and the king were left . But the king treated all equally . He put a velvet cloak on the princess and left her on the lake shore .. .. to have the dragon eat her . I wish ! Oh , are you listening ?|Lo and behold St. George galloping at full speed . Don Filippo , Caccoletta pissed on my shoe . That 's not true , I was scared and pissed myself .
Miss Manners doesn 't carry the clout she used to .|I wanna get off now .
Witch . Witch !|Come on , giddyup a little .
Lo and behold St. George galloping at full speed . Don Filippo , Caccoletta pissed on my shoe . That 's not true , I was scared and pissed myself .|Be good !
Be good , if you can .|All the rest is vanity .
Oh , shit .|I told you to shut her down . A woman scorned . We 're screwed .
Will you move on , Buzzichetta ?|As soon as the dragon jumped out , St. George muzzled it ..
Not in this lifetime , I don 't .|Anyway , he 's gonna fry , and she 'll just pack up all her psycho equipment and go away .
The hell with this .|You 're about to get pounded , Oblong . And nothing can save you .
Here , tubby , let me help you .|Hello ? Wait , I see it .
The fat girl 's stuck in a pipe and so is the locket . Why do bad things happen to good jewelry ?|Hello , we 're back with " Terror in the Sewer , " day one . An adorable , defenseless little locket has been trapped in the sewer for hours as rescuers work feverishly to return it to young Debbie Bledsoe the daughter of our beloved mayor , " The Mayor . "
Hold it ... Al right . Go . I 'm going out to breath a little Good that you calmed down .|Oh , Don Filippo !
This won 't hurt , will it ?|This may be harder than we thought .
You 'd like that , wouldn 't you ?|They 're angels .
See you later , Jesse .|Bye , Diana .
Bye , Diana .|I 'll see you later .
Good night , Maxine . Helga 's blocking the main water line for the whole valley . I wonder if there have been any repercussions .|Thought I 'd never get that splinter out .
Okay , suction complete . Get ready . Don 't worry , Helga . The only thing you 'll feel is about 1 0,000 pounds of water pressure as it shoots up your dress . My advice is to clench everything . Okay , let her rip .|Helga , sweetie , did it work ? I think I 'm stuck in a different pipe . Okay , so we failed . At least no one will ever know we tried this .
Helga , sweetie , did it work ? I think I 'm stuck in a different pipe . Okay , so we failed . At least no one will ever know we tried this .|Oblong !
The great equalizer .|Helga . We gotta do something , or she 's gonna drown . On the bright side , you 've already got the bloating part over with . Thanks. I feel much better . You 're not gonna die . You 're my friend , and I won 't let you . Thanks , Milo . But I think my number is up .
Yeah . And guess what ?|You 're gonna be able to watch .
.. surely you can 't imagine what will be left one day of your vanity . All is vanity , only vanity live with joy and simplicity . Be good , if you can ... all the rest is vanity .|All is vanity , only vanity praise the Lord with humility ! .. .. give Him all your love you shall not want ever .
No !|Rats .
Rats .|That was kind of pointless . Helga is safe .
Knew every Bible verse .|I know . He 's very intelligent . Damn his daddy to hell for ruining my beautiful boy . Yes . I heard your husband could be violent .
Blow !|You 'll meet somebody on a horse .
You 'll become rich and famous !|It 's all predicted by the Arcanes .
That 's more like Heidi Klum . Who the hell is Heidi Klum ? Hey , man , it smells like shit in there , bro . Thanks , pal . Now , just stand back . Tommy , take the probie and Sean and go up Stairway A. Yeah . Lou , you and Franco take B , all right ?|That 's awful . Jesus , what is that ? It 's ... piss . It 's a river of piss . Jesus . So , there 's no fire ? We can start one if you want . Guess we got to go up , huh ? Yeah . Let 's shoot the rapids . Shit .
Can you see ?|You 'll meet women of all colors , even black !
It 's the hardest thing in the world ... to bury your own baby .|I know .
I know .|Oh , my God .
Sometime today would be nice .|So you admit to pouring the urine down the stairway . You bet your ass . Where the hell did you get 20 giant jars of urine from , sir ? I mean , I don 't shop in this neighborhood , but ... It 's all mine . Seven or eight months ago , they told me I had to move , because I was acting all crazy and shit . I 'm doing this , I 'm doing that . So I decided , " I 'll show them . I 'm gonna piss in the jars for 24 weeks . " How 's that for crazy ? Mm , that 's up there . That 's way up there . Enjoy the ride , now .
Black ?|Of skin , and hair .
I 'm sorry . I love you .|I can 't .
What 's happening ? He came in like this .|You got anything you want to say , mother fucker ?
Then why you busting my balls ? I 'm not busting your balls . Just asking how you 're doing . You said you were doing fine . I am fine . Fine . Good . Jesus . Fine . Good . Can we clean this shit up , please , and let 's get out of here ? Mister ... thank you for saving my kitty .|Honey ... I 'm home . I told you , you have to knock now , and then wait for me to answer the door . Look , what difference does it make ? And you said 5 : 00 .
Oh , my God . Oh . Ugh . God . Sorry .|Tom , I need money . What , for tonight ? ' Cause ... No , in general . Oh . Well , I 'm doing a porch this weekend with Lou and Franco . And next weekend , the good chief 's hiring all of us to do his , um ... Whatever . Kids , now !
What is this guy doing ?|Come on , Warden , it 's over .
Come on , Warden , it 's over .|It 's okay , it 's okay . He 's all right .
My goodness , how black I am !|No ?
Roger 's getting transferred there next month , and Mom 's been talking to us about how great it is there . Sun , surf . She said we could go to Disneyland ! Nice . All right ? Everybody wins .|Get back , get back , get back .
Here 's the Cardinal nephew ! Cardinal so to speak . Come , Cirifischio ! Let 's try anyway ! Your eminence !|We 've been walking all night . Please , from your good heart .
What , he don 't have to knock ? I think he has a key . He has a key to my house ? This is your house . They 're both my houses , okay ?|Okay , kids , bedtime .
Oh , my God . What the hell is that ?|Son of a bitch ! I don 't believe it ! I don 't believe it either .
Hey , hey , hey , hey ! 20 bucks for everybody who goes to bed right now .|Yeah .
So , do you remember me ?|Don 't know !
So here it is . Dranculosis X.|Kind of a carnivorous little creature , named after a mythological " mother of all worms " or something . It had profound religious significance among certain Indians , representing both fertility and evil . It usually enters the host between the toes or via any wound and burrows underneath the skin to the cerebral cortex . It begins feeding off brain tissue . The pain becomes intense .
You are really strong , five against one !|Stop !
Stop !|I 'm enough !
Engine . Not your night , pal . Ladder . Oh , lick me blind ! Battalion . A computerized broad is running my life . I got 200 bucks on this game . Come on , let 's go . Come on .|Bobby ?
Right now .|What are you looking at ? Nothing . Hey , what 's going on over here ? Fire hydrant 's out of service . Yeah , it 's spinning , but it 's got no ring . There 's a standpipe in the northeast corner of 1445 , in the basement , just past the boiler room . There 's another one at 1448 . First floor , right underneath the " no loitering " sign . Come on , we need water . Who is that guy ? Rain man . Let 's get going . All the way up .
One new friend .|Yeah .
Our father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name ... Hey ! Hey !|Come here .
Jesse ? You 're in here , aren 't you ?|I like it when you say my name .
What channel 's that game on ?|Whoa , ho , ho . Take it easy , man . Take it easy .
Get your hands off me !|Your heart 's pounding . You feel alive ? Welcome to my world , Diana .
Ah ...|No , let me go ! No , I don 't want ! No !
Thanks , Franco . That 's sweet . Sean , I 'm just saying .|Hey , probie . You know , there 's an old saying in the FDNY : If you ain 't scared , you 're crazy . You got some puke on your chin . Thanks .
My best friend ... Best goddamn fireman I ever worked with , good family man .|Dedicated American , blah , blah , blah , you know ? And every day , I gotta drive to work . I drive through my neighborhood . I see guys , drunken assholes that I went to high school with , who stand on the corner , high , having a great time , and I gotta wonder why ... these assholes are still walking around when Jimmy Keefe ain 't .
Jesus Christ . Not Him . The other one .|Don 't make me hurt you .
You must have some cold . I uh , actually , it 's for my kids . I have um , ten kids . This stuff is for grownups . Ah , well , their mostly uh , teenagers . Big uh , teenagers .|Hey , it 's McNEIL . Look I need a uh , script pad from that doctor lanyard ; I 'm working on a case . Case of what , withdrawal ? Listen , Lanyard 's running scared . He gave you up last night . I 'll give you the pad . You give me a letter of recommendation for a transfer to a squad on the upper west side . Fine . Hey , how 's the laryngitis ? Putz . What !
We agreed on this . Don 't do that . That 's gross|Come in
I 'm calling the police . You know what you don 't have to because I 'm a cop . And uh , this , this was a test . That 's what this was . A test ? Yeah , it 's a test to just to make sure that you know just fill any old prescription that comes down the pike and was testing you pass with flying colors . Thank you . You 're welcome . Um , let me ask you something , do you have any more of that liquid green cold medicine cause there doesn 't seem to be any on the shelf . Can I have the prescription back . No .|Do you ever smoke pot , Jan ? No , I was a good girl . Took a Quaalude once though when I was 18 . How was that ? Wild ! So fun , ended up making out with my own cousin for three and a half hours . Really ? Yeah , she thought it was great though . And you ? Me what ? Did you ever smoke pot ? Nah , nah no pot . No cousins . Nothin ' . Mmm . Hey , we 're gonna bust that pot party out on Friday night in case you have plans . I ran the photos . Everybody came up clean . Good .
It 's still rather short . Indeed it comes from Leonetto . And Leonetto is busy . Leonetto , Leonetto ...|But do you remember the unhappy times of the Borgias , .. .. when cardinals had pages who were girls in disguise ?
I don 't want to come ! Let me go !|No !
Oh , no , no , not now , pal , come on . Damn . Time 's almost up .|There you go , pal .
Jyrki hired a new woman|I 've tried to grant him as much freedom as he needs
I 've tried to grant him as much freedom as he needs|Women come and women go , but you will always remain
There you go , pal .|Yeah . Hurry up now , hurry up .
Dexter , it 's garbage night . Your turn to take it out , hon . Okay , Mom .|Oh , great .
You have given him space . Continue the same way|Try to take no notice
.. know much more of what they don 't say .|Oh , yes ?
Oh , yes ?|And sometimes they do say .
And sometimes they do say .|Leone ' , what are you waiting for ? Speak !
Let 's all go and get run over . Come , Topi . Let 's go|I 'll go and get him
I 'll go and get him|Mommy is being funny
Alright , but what shall I say to the police ? Shall I give them the prisoner ? Give them what ? !|Give them this boor !
We were thinking of maybe ending the episode early today . And showing some more Animaniacs reruns . Oh .|I like that .
I 'll never take it off .|Father Ignatius !
Pss ! Hey , Fath ...|Answer ! You scared me !
Jyrki gets two different women|You have a lot to grab on . Me , I don 't have much
You have a lot to grab on . Me , I don 't have much|We have Family Day today and later Jyrki needs to work
He chases from the den the Lutheran scum ..|.. and the Jewish people . Jesus , my marshal !
Never run with scissors . Uh , run with scissors , no .|The four basic food groups are ice cream , candy , cakes and very large cakes . Large cakes .
The four basic food groups are ice cream , candy , cakes and very large cakes . Large cakes .|Always ask for a piece of the gross , not the net . The net is fantasy .
You just wanted to please me .|Anyway , I 'll give you a copy of the Spiritual Exercises .
Hey you , what are you doing here ? Why aren 't you in church , like all the others ? Little boys go to church . I 'm big .|Oh , yes . That 's true . Sorry .
Look at that|" For Eve "
He 's a rare Peruvian spider monkey .|Pretty Amy . Pretty Amy . Good monkey .
Come , there are some stamps to lick . Loads of them|You are full of surprises
" Fade to black . The end . "|Hmm ... Uh , what was that other option again ?
They 're gone . Cool . Play ball . It happened again at a comic convention in Buffalo . Me first . Me first .|Ooh , hey , look , a tribble . That 's my hair . Oh .
Ooh , hey , look , a tribble . That 's my hair . Oh .|Funny . They usually vanish after I sing " Rocket Man . "
.. whitened with ricotta .  Master Iacomo , when are we leaving ?|And Leonetta ?
Let 's start over again . We were doing so well|Let 's forget everything
Let 's forget everything|One thing
One thing|The hospital called . Our children ...
The hospital called . Our children ...|Tiina and Teemu were run over by a car
Tiina and Teemu were run over by a car|Don 't do this to me
I 'm back , Elliott . And I 'm grown up . Go away . Okay , now , uh , cue the special effects .|It 's just a little weak . Let 's ... A little weak . Let 's try a bluer filter .
Remember , you promised her .|First , we must snatch her from the hands of the Jesuits .
.. fall under the hands of the monstrous sect of Mohammed , the false prophet .|But , at the same time , .. .. the Lord reserves for us the discovery of many new kingdoms .
And you can 't figure out the way to turn back to how you were yet ?|It doesn 't look good .
Is this boiled ?|I 'm Elis
.. to extend the glory of the Lord , and convert the savages ..|.. and extend the boundaries of the Christian kingdom ..
.. confined within its limits by the strength of the Moors and the poison of heresy . For this , we bid farewell to Fr . Francis Xavier , ..|.. about to leave for India , .. .. where he will teach the Holy Gospel . Here I am , Father . I am ready .
LUNCH BOX So you want to go to school ?|How can we go ?
Happy birthday . Ali sent these . He 's having a boys ' night out|It 's so nice of you to come
Study , study .|Study . TIMETABLE
You too , dear brother , are going to teach the Gospel to the Indians ? No , to the people of the Congo . Ah ! Well , well .|If however , when you leave , you should exit through St. John 's Gate , ..
It would help if somebody stayed in Rome .. .. to teach the Gospel to the Romans .|Dear Don Filippo , how can I help you ? Since today is visiting day for parents , .. .. I came to ask news about Leonetta .
By the way , have you read the Spiritual Exercises ? Alas , I didn 't have a minute to spare .|Go , Cirifischio !
What are you doing ? Do you know what a convent violator faces ? Yes , I do .|He faces dismemberment and the stake .
He faces dismemberment and the stake .|And the scattering of ashes in the gutter !
That 's why I brought the boy .|Go !
You there . Yes ? ! Are you interested in show business ?|Everyone , thank you very much for today . I could do my best thanks to your support and cheers .
There she is !|I 'm scared !
Eve is roaring drunk|We 'd better take the children
Pretty girl ! Here we come !|What are you all doing ?
Move !|But who are you ?
I 'm really sorry|This was a strange move I 'll take these away . You girls can talk
I 'm tired somehow . Yeah . It 's no easy matter to be a human .|But it wasn 't bad .
Mune ya kokoro shimetsuketeku Anata wo omou tabi Fukaku natteku|Tsunaide tsunaide
But I see other things too .|Such as ?
Ah , haru ya natsu no hana to sora ga Aki to fuyu no kaze to yuki ga Tsutsumu tsutsumu Futari wo tsutsumikomu koi wo Hakonde kuru|What nice weather .
I handle the throttle and the brakes . Jack watches the other systems .|You drive a train with math .
Hey !|And the Devil could not miss this !
I couldn 't help it No , no|Eve was here
What does the sander do ? Well , it sprays sand on the track to increase traction . That wouldn 't have stopped them in time . A train at that speed has the kinetic energy of a small atomic weapon . Then why release the valve ?|He was thinking about the kids . Take over the controls . I 'm gonna open the valve by hand . But we 're still gonna crash . The only chance those kids have . Brace your feet against the wall . I 'll be right back .
I 'm not coming back home|What ?
Lovely ! They look like two birdies in a nest .|What shall we do about them ?
Hi there|Is the Manager about ?
Here comes Bloody Mary .|Don Filippo ! No problem , if you wish I 'll kill it .
Please , Veikko . You know me from way back|I 'm telling you . This is not normal
So we need the key to crack the code ? Finding the key is one way to attack the code , but there 's actually a whole spectrum of mathematical tools I can utilize . First , I can do a statistical analysis of the numbers , then I can also work the cipher text by using a Kasiski exam . Oh . Wouldn 't Kasiski be problematic due to the lack of spaces ? Not if you consider multiple grouping possibilities .|A trainspotter 's come forward . Claims to have video footage of the crash . All right , well , let 's get ahold of that tape .
What are you doing ? I just ... Nothing in particular . I just wanted to see what you 're up to in here and ...|Some kind of number theory conundrum ? Perhaps I could offer some insights .
We won 't help anymore|You won 't ? Maybe I wasn 't clear . We will not help ever again
Some kind of number theory conundrum ? Perhaps I could offer some insights .|Well , first , it 's not number theory . It 's a code . And second , you hate number theory , so tell us why you 're here and what 's really going on .
And what can I give her , since I 'm penniless ? Take the sack full of coal , and carry it to the farrier of Tordinona .|You 'll get a nice surprise .
They told me you are about to marry Leonetta .|Alright , I brought it anyway .
Alright , I brought it anyway .|Can you see ?
What 's he doing ?|Wait a minute . What 's wrong ? Why 's the temperature dropping ? I just had it recalibrated .
I know , but not only those made with stones . Leonetta also still has the scar that I inflicted on her .|Dark boy ...
Kaisa , I need your help . Help me . What do we do ?|You need my help ?
Cool down .|So we are even .
I don 't really know you|Me neither
This is interesting . Bob Malone , aka Horizontal Bob . Suspect in the derailment of the Sunset Limited in Arizona . That 's worth checking out . Let me see that . Says here he holes up in an Antelope Valley freight warehouse . The first call from our saboteur , that came from a pay phone in Antelope Valley , right ?|Well , let 's hit that warehouse . FBI ! Nobody Move ! FBI ! FBI ! Don 't move ! You , get down !
And this is Fr . Ignatius , who has always been with us .|Always cheerful .
Your Eminence !|What are ... He tripped . Please , you shouldn 't do this in front of a poor priest . It 's also a matter of hierarchy . Indeed it 's a matter of hierarchy . I 'm your superior in dignity , you 're my superior in holiness .
In a microwave oven , he can burst in the heat|Jyrki just burst
Jyrki just burst|That 's good , I think you already said enough
Well , if I find him , he 's not going to be hurting you again .|You check the Sacramento rail yard . I hear he was up that way .
Do you allow them to put paper boats in the Holy Water ?|That 's bad .
Taste it . You need to eat|Calm down now . Easy
He doesn 't know a thing . It 's just ...|Indeed there are ...
All right , get him up .|How 'd you learn how to do that ? Don 't tell me , you took a class at the academy , right ? First posting was in Tel Aviv . Got my bomb training . Guys , for following orders , not your best moment , but thank you . It 's all right , we got him . It 's okay , we got him , we got him . We got him . I 'll stand down .
In this company we value our employees|We 'll just give you a warning
 Then we don 't become anything . Don 't get angry .|That 's too bad .
Well ... Don 't wait too long , man , or someone 's gonna snatch her up .|I know my due date , I 'm sorry . You 're trying to show me up , man . No , man . I apologize . Okay , all right . Okay , okay .
I know my due date , I 'm sorry . You 're trying to show me up , man . No , man . I apologize . Okay , all right . Okay , okay .|There you go . Ah , excellent , Dad . Thank you . Okay . Thank you so much . No , no , no , I was a good stunt . No , I just couldn 't get into math . Couldn 't see how it could relate to the real world .
That 's too bad .|Did you want to become my comrade ?
I asked Ali about the blood . He said he 's been with you|That 's true
" Lucky Louie " was taped before a live audience .|Closed . Come back tomorrow . But it 's not 5 : 00 . I still have 10 minutes . It 's Friday afternoon . You don 't have any minutes .
Closed . Come back tomorrow . But it 's not 5 : 00 . I still have 10 minutes . It 's Friday afternoon . You don 't have any minutes .|Oh , yeah ? How about I complain to the corporate office ? Oh please , don 't do that .
I don 't know . He 'll come . In the mean time , will you sit down ? Please !|Leonetta , don 't worry , he 'll come .
Why do you wanna hold off ? I always try to come as fast as possible then get half my money back .|See you later , bro . Does that work ? Wow , thanks a lot , sis . This is a lot of food .
Soon , the turkey too will soon be coming . We asked the inn to cook it for us , .. .. because we are not equipped for tortures .|In the mean time , ladies and gentlemen , would you enjoy , I don 't know , .. .. a hymn , a short sermon , a saint 's life , I .. On a dark night , Kindled in love with yearnings ... oh , happy chance ! I went forth without being observed , My house being now at rest .
In the mean time , ladies and gentlemen , would you enjoy , I don 't know , .. .. a hymn , a short sermon , a saint 's life , I .. On a dark night , Kindled in love with yearnings ... oh , happy chance ! I went forth without being observed , My house being now at rest .|He 's a mystic .
Ah , that 's why .|But today is St. John 's Feast . Good ! Then , Sciaboletta will tell us about St. John 's life .
Hey ? Are you mad ?|Honey ? Look , I 'm sorry I got angry , but uh , I think we should finish talking about this right now , I ... Oh , thanks . Look , listen , I 'm really sorry I lost my temper . I didn 't mean ... you just ... a pie ... you made me a pie ? ! Oh , that 's so nice . Thank ...
Maybe you don 't know our small town ways I know your ways . Everyone spies on each other|When Anna was 1 3 years old ...
.. not even all you together can save me .|Don Filippo , ..
Eve is blackmailing me . I 've done something bad|I 've done bad things . Done them by accident
No , eh ! Now I 'm going to tell you .|Not the fire !
I haven 't been with her|I lied to you . I lied to you
If you tell , I 'll go to jail . I won 't go to jail|I can 't go to jail
I 'm only counting the second time as once even though I know I said it a bunch of times .|All right , so ... can I sleep here ? Just sleep , obviously . I know nothing 's gonna happen . Is it ?
So you 're okay with that if I just ... you know ?|All right , okay , you stay here . I 'll go sleep in Lucy 's bed .
Fuck !|Hey , good morning . I made your favorite . It 's turkey bacon and egg whites .
Hey , good morning . I made your favorite . It 's turkey bacon and egg whites .|Hey , you 're not gonna eat that or ... Oh , that ain 't right .
A shitty one . For lack of better , let 's content ourselves with what we have .|Well done !
Hey , Louie .|One more day .
By being silent ... You allow him to win|You continue to suffer
You continue to suffer|What he did matters as long as you 're hurting
Dear Fr . Ignatius , ..|.. I need to exercise more .
As you said .|Only third degree obedience is perfect . When one not only wills but thinks as the superior .
What did the doctor say ?|Don 't look so serious
I have to check that everything is ready for you|I 'm not lying
Go ! Go !|Ball ! We 're on the comeback !
Ball ! We 're on the comeback !|A point ? Almost .
A point ? Almost .|Why are you looking at me like that ? They 'll make you a saint ! What are you doing ? Are you tempting me with vainglory ? No , I 'm giving you good inspiration to hope .
Rapunzle ! Rapunzle ! There is no maiden fairer than thee . On first , I fell in love with thee ... portend , my fair maiden , and let me prove thyself to thou . If only I was a bird and could fly up to thee . But that my heart could soar on wings of love ... for thee , fair maiden , Rapunzle !|I ain 't understood a word you said . Rapunzle don 't live here no more . She got evicted . Now my name is Batwinda Molica HightowerJr . And I on the cusp of Virgo . So why don 't you just come on up here and bust that rescue move ? Look here , baby , uh , throw down those curly locks ... and I 'll climb on up and we 'll get busy .
Pizza . No need to heat it|Stay inside . Don 't go anywhere
Jyrki was here|We talked
Irina !|Do you think this is funny ?
She is in top ... Ah . ! Ah . ! Look there . ! There she goes . Showing her feminine side with the pregnant obstetric push . It 's her ode to the mystery of motherhood .|Ah , baby . ! She is hard as a rock . ! Magnificent . !
Who 's dumb enough to repossess it ?|Damn ! They sure must love that car .
Is it you , big horse ?|He 's talking . Pet him !
He 's talking . Pet him !|Sh !
This is Bo Duke and Luke Duke . They 're cousins .|They fight the system .
I think that the Black Woman likes Ricciardetto . Eat , what do you care ? It 's all free !|Come . For you , I have a surprise .
Where did you see him ?|With Irina
Ace , you jackass . You were supposed to hold that rolls for my lulu . I 'm sorry , Boss . That car was already sold when she picked it out . That don 't matter . When I promise my wife something for her birthday , she gets it .|That car is me . It 's got me all over it .
Stop .|What is wrong ? That 's the car Richard Petty wrecked last weekend ... doing those tire commercials .
Unfortunately , when you grow up , the brain and reason develop . Not for all .|The most important thing is to mortify reason .
The most important thing is to mortify reason .|For he who reasons doesn 't love anyone .
You 're a fucking snake|You 're a snake . Say it
Nobody weIches on my word to lulu .|Except me .
I 'm a snake|Open your mouth
Why , Miss lulu , good to see you again . Hi , Boss . Ace , your clientele is getting downright shabby . No , it 's not , Boss . Look how pretty Miss lulu looks . Look at those eyes . And that smile .|And those shoes are real pretty .
Except me .|Why , Miss lulu , good to see you again . Hi , Boss . Ace , your clientele is getting downright shabby . No , it 's not , Boss . Look how pretty Miss lulu looks . Look at those eyes . And that smile .
We have a completely new paste Is this natural gut or the foreskin ?|There 's some bits . Must be nails
What ? ! You are mad with me and hit him ? But I can 't hit you !|Are you sure ?
There is violence depicted in my films , of course .|After a film of mine was shown , I was actually confronted by a woman , a total stranger . She rebuked me by saying , " " Why did you make a movie like this ? I have a child , but I can 't show this kind of movie to my child .
Are you sure ?|Have you heard that too ?
So I hit you .|Let 's go . Come . Let 's do that thing ... How do you say ? One , mount ... How is it ?
Mr. Fukasaku was calm as ever , as if such an incident were a daily occurrence , and answered me coolly , " " " What is this idea of education that gets shaken by a violent movie ?|Is the education you 're giving your child so fragile ? '
Baby , it gives me chills ... thinking about all that money you 're gonna make .|What the little lady said about Joey making money ... meant making money .
What the little lady said about Joey making money ... meant making money .|How about it ? Is it up to your usual standards ? The U.S. Treasury could eat their heart out . I mean , it 's these fingers . Abe will be calling . What should I tell him ? Order ink . Lots of ink . Ink ? We need ink ?
I think that was how Mr. Fukasaku honestly felt .|This may be overstating it a bit , but I think Mr. Fukasaku felt that way toward postwarJapan 's entire educational system .
No way , Ace . I hate repo men .|Who don 't ? personally , I 'd Iike to win that race Saturday . So , A : we need that Richard Petty car ... to B : get the spare parts ... to C : rebuild the general Lee ... so he can , D and E : enter and win . F : Am I getting through to you ?
You 're scared , aren 't you ?|Who do you think I am , an altar boy ? Temptation is not there , but here .
Who do you think I am , an altar boy ? Temptation is not there , but here .|You insist , don 't you ?
Take that !|Take that !
That 's just beautiful , Boss . Just beautiful . It 'II do for starters .|That 's Uncle Jesse . The family patriarch .
People go through emotional experiences when they use violence . " " Don 't you want to see this ? "|That 's what Mr. Fukasaku was saying in his films .
After almost 20 years in office ... Sheriff Rosco Coltrane experienced a deep conversion ... to greed .|Rosco was what the word ' " reprobate ' " was all about .
She 's really good . Are you pulling my leg ?|Excuse me , may I have a word with you ?
What the fuck ? You wanna fight ? Watch your mouth !|You gonna hit me ? What if we are ? What ? What d 'you mean ?
Bingo .|Naturally , Bo and Luke both wanted to drive the Rolls . This was probably the only chance they 'd have to get near one . So they had old Cooter drop them off .
Naturally , Bo and Luke both wanted to drive the Rolls . This was probably the only chance they 'd have to get near one . So they had old Cooter drop them off .|Good work . That 's beautiful .
Excuse me , may I have a word with you ?|What 's the matter ? I 'm very tired .
Without the repossession papers , we are car thieves .|Why don 't you try to tell that to that dog ?
Why don 't you try to tell that to that dog ?|Damn , they sure must love that car .
An intuition ...|From then on the bells of all the churches .. .. always rang at noon to remember the victory .. .. Christendom saved from the threat of the Crescent Moon .
Buddy , how could you do that ? Setting us up to get us killed .|Now , wait a minute . I give up .
Very far ... Don 't exaggerate .|Then let 's say you say far .
He falls and then tries to get away . We 'll shoot close up till that point . And then we 'll go on to what we did in whichever direction .|Camera 's rolling .
Exactly .|We both see .
Hey , what the fuck ?|Hey !
Hey !|Go ahead ! Kill me !
I 'll come after you no matter how long it takes ! I 've got evidence to put you away ! You wanna be locked up for life ?|All right , okay .
'Cause if he wasn 't careful and he tried to pass them ... he 'd end up with a lapful of racing car , old Cooter in it .|The boys kept up the chase . While they were getting in deeper , old Rosco was getting madder ... than an old wet hen .
What 's this , a new way to greet ?|Leonetta !
Let me see you !|Think of that !
They ain 't stole nothing and you know it .|Now , you want me to arrest you and throw you in jail , too ? You hush .
There were people who chose to change as postwarJapan changed , and there were those who stood firm and felt nothing would Be gained By changing . so there was that kind of schism in postwar society . I Believe Fukasaku couldn 't take a stand on either side . I think he was torn Between the two . That 's why lead characters in his films are not idealized human Beings .|As Japan 's postwar society underwent transformation , his films expressed a sort of protest against it . But he couldn 't say that the change shouldn 't take place either . so there was a dilemma .
But we got to find out how much it 's gonna cost to fix it . And that will depend on what Ace over there wants to change his story .|Those two farmers , they tried to boost my rolls . They tried once , they 'II try again . This here alarm better work . believe me , anybody opens this door , won 't believe the noise .
Battles Without Honor and Humanity became a hit because of the mood of the period . It was released in 1 973 .|Japan 's economic growth was reaching its peak around the time the film came out . So people were living with a certain degree of comfort . Around the end of the 1 960s , the student political movement erupted all over the world .
Japan 's economic growth was reaching its peak around the time the film came out . So people were living with a certain degree of comfort . Around the end of the 1 960s , the student political movement erupted all over the world .|In Japan , there were student uprisings in 1 968 and 1 969 .
I was just thinking about you boys shut up in prison .|I wish I couId come up with a way out of ... .
These uprisings among the young were another form of protest against postwar society . when society stabilized after the war , all these objections and doubts people felt towards it poured out in different forms . I don 't thinKpeople in general were conscious ofhaving such feelings , But they felt them somewhere deep down in their hearts .|And Battles without Honor and Humanity connected with the mood of the period and Became a hit as a result .
We 'II have a little rehabilitation program for y 'aII . Like you boys finishing that little job you started .|Getting Ace back his rolls .
Getting Ace back his rolls .|Come in . It 's open .
It 's now 12 years I 've been cloistered .|And it feels like one day .
And I think that kind of depiction is a sort of realism . Focusing on just one character as if with a spotlight doesn 't reflect what happens in real life at all . Human drama is more complicated and messy . And trying to adhere closely to reality is what makes FuKasaKu 's directing interesting .|He focuses on lesser characters as well as on the leads .
He focuses on lesser characters as well as on the leads .|These are characters who get stabbed or shot and die right away and disappear from the screen . In other words , they 're insignificant yakuza underlings . when FuKasaKu directs actors playing them , he tells them to step closer to the camera . when several characters are in a scene with the lead character , actors playing supporting characters stand a little behind the lead . But FuKasaKu would say , " " You back there , why are you hanging back ? Step forward . ' "
Spiridione !|Do you remember Leonetta ?
He 's already senile . He 's younger than me and can 't remember a thing . Just think that last night he woke up to pee ... Pray for Cirifischio !|Are you still thinking of him ?
And the hierarchy of the characters is thrown into disorder as a result .|Battles without Honor and Humanity has that kind of compelling chaos .
And that 's what Fukasaku wanted to depict .|I think Mr. Fukasaku felt we have to step Back and reexamine these things called morality , humanism and ethics . I thinK that feeling he had is a common strain in all his films .
Like you wearing long johns , and me wearing these ?|Come on , tell me what 's so all powerful important .
You 're so tall and strong , Enos . You still working out with barbells ? Yeah , they 're the greatest things since catfish hush puppies . AII the while they 're building my muscles ... they 're saving my virtue for the right person , too . along with lots of cold showers , of course . I guess that 's why a puny little girl like me feels so safe when you 're around . especially when Bo and Luke ain 't . You don 't have to worry about that . I 'II still be here when they 're in prison . Prison ?|That 's what I come to tell Jesse about .
Instead , dealing with such issues as human weakness or shame or national shame should Be the role of moviemaking . And actors who work in movies depicting those issues should feel similarly . I sense that kind of feeling from his films .|Bunta Sugawara is also someone who is basically antiestablishment , though when asked for an autograph , he writes " Jingi . ' "
See ? My country is there .|Come down .
Then the popularity of period pieces gradually waned , and as Toei was searching for a new direction for their products , the genre of yakuza movies was Born .|There was a genre of yakuza movies called ninkyo movies that preceded Battles Without Honor and Humanity . Ninkyo movies were set in the Meiji and Taisho eras and focused on the heroic aspect of the profession called yakuza . stars of this genre were Koji Tsuruta and Ken TaKaKura . what you might call the aesthetics of yakuza , the willingness of yakuza to fight and even die to save people or for the honor of their Boss , was depicted in ninKyo movies as if it were something Beautiful . And this kind of movie was made for a long time .
I can 't see why that makes a difference ... long as Ace drops the charges against them .|That 's the trouble . Sheriff Rosco ain 't gonna let Ace drop the charges .
Go to the back .|They loved him .
And you 're gonna hate me for the rest of my born days . Enos , wait . Where are you going ?|Going back to the Sheriff to help him catch the boys . But if you are gonna do that , why did you stop by to warn them ? What I do on my lunch hour is my own business . But the rest of the day , my soul belongs to the Iaw .
I swear to you , everything 's gonna turn out okay .|Big John 's stashing the plates where they 'II be real safe .
I don 't know what influence Mr. Fukasaku 's films had in the world . People in different countries see them differently . Now we have many younger filmmakers who are really good , But there weren 't many in Mr. Fukasaku 's generation , Because there was an established Basic formula . There was the star system , and good versus evil was a major premise of entertainment films . No one challenged that formula until Mr. FuKasaKu shooKit up by making films that were the complete opposite of that . I thinK that 's a contribution Mr. FuKasaKu brought to violent films or actions films . He was a revolutionary in action films .|His theory of moviemaking is probably not what you would learn in film schools . It was dictated by his nature . so regardless of whether it went against the rules or not , he wove together those things to which he was attracted By nature . I can sense his strength in doing that .
Ever had one of them days when you couldn 't hit the ground with your hat ?|Manny , go get your car .
A dog ate them .|Boys , I 'm on your side ... but you got to come up with something better than that . Enos , it 's a stolen car . Now get the keys . Yes , sir . Before I do , can 't we give them another chance at a better story ? What ?
There I saw rows of jars filled with pinkies , all with names on the labels . They were all lined up . When I took a closer look , they were the tips of fingers down to the joint .|There were so many names written on labels .
Poor child of mine !|His mother dies in giving him birth ..
Then sleep and you 'll find her .|How good it feels !
Or for stealing a superior 's money .|Or for doing the boss 's girl .
You don 't start cutting from the thick part of the joint .|If you start cutting from this part , you 'd cut all the way to here .
Hey ! Cut that out ! Don 't you boys know there 's a whole new set of laws ... to cover damage to drink machines ?|Look who 's here .
It depends . What do you want ?|It 's a message for you from Cirifischio .
I kept on watching him .|When he pulled out his finger , I saw this part was missing .
When he pulled out his finger , I saw this part was missing .|I didn 't know about pinky cutting back then , so I couldn 't believe how much of it was in his nose .
Put the laser on the armrest , so you have your hands free to give proper care .|There .
Previously , on Battlestar Galactica I 'm promoting you to Captain . I 'm making you commander of the Pegasus Air Group . You 're promoting me ?|I need a CAG with guts . We are the leaders of this fleet . As such , we need to set an example . Oh , let 's just cut through the handholding , shall we ? Two of his men murdered one of my officers , while protecting a Cylon . They 're guilty , they admitted it . And under regulations , I have complete authority ... to try , convict , and sentence them . And you and I both know that the penalty for that crime is death .
I 'm going to put it back on now .|Five dead .
I thought you might like a fresh set of clothes .|You know what I miss ? Sports . I used to go the pyramid court just before game time .
The Cylons call this their Resurrection ship . At the moment , we are too far away from the cylon home world ... for the normal downloading process to work , which is why they built this ship .|It contains the entire apparatus necessary for Cylon resurrection . Then any Cylon who dies out here ... Would be dead .
It contains the entire apparatus necessary for Cylon resurrection . Then any Cylon who dies out here ... Would be dead .|As in , really dead . Our primary objective is a Cylon vessel called Resurrection Our plan is to jump in in the Blackbird stealth fighter ... and take out the FTL drives on the Resurrection ship , preventing it from jumping away . When the FTL is destroyed , our attack squadrons will go after the resurrection ship itself . How many squadrons ?
As in , really dead . Our primary objective is a Cylon vessel called Resurrection Our plan is to jump in in the Blackbird stealth fighter ... and take out the FTL drives on the Resurrection ship , preventing it from jumping away . When the FTL is destroyed , our attack squadrons will go after the resurrection ship itself . How many squadrons ?|All of 'em .
All of 'em .|Jack , I want to transfer a detachment of marines to Galactica . I have a mission for you , Kara . Anything for you , you know that . Position marines in key areas throughout the ship ... I will ask for you over the wireless . I will call you directly , and when I have you on the line ... and you hear me give the command ' execute case orange You are to terminate Adama 's command . Started with Adama . I want you to pull out your weapon ... and shoot Admiral Cain in the head .
Yeah , yeah ... Workin ' it , workin ' it . Oh , yeah , yeah ... go . Whoo ! She dances like moon silver .|I can 't feel my legs . I wonder if she 's real . Is that his hand on my leg ? What a creep .
They say shoot , we shoot .|So you 're gonna do this ?
There you go . Thanks .|Hel , isn 't it ?
Hel , isn 't it ?|And you are ? A friend . I 've come to talk about Voice . She 's disappeared and you 're worried .
Kara . I could use some backup .|I 'll understand if you can 't .
I 'll understand if you can 't .|You know better than that .
Wait !|You made me curious . I 'll follow you , if you please .
Yeah , I guess so .|People have to have this , Kara .
All clear , you may go !|Come behind us , as quiet as cats .
Your word ... and my word .|We don 't have this , then ... we really are no different than the Cylons .
Sunshine boys are here .|You know , the man you killed saved my life and the lives of 50 other men , you miserable frack .
Who doesn 't go to Hell when he 's alive , goes there when he 's dead .|Sounds right to me .
The glass . I can 't hear you .|So , why don 't you open the door , come in , and we 'll talk about it in here .
Help !|Help !
Don Filippo : How do you say in Rome ? While a thief is being hanged , another one steals the executioner 's blanket .|I think that some faults should be derubricated , as sins . Really ? Man is a small thing . He can 't make it .
You 'd be surprised .|Cowards .
Cowards .|Cowards ?
It all makes sense now . The disappearance of Voice , the secret meeting with a stranger . You were going to eliminate us , but you didn 't count on me figuring it out . Betrayer .|Sarge , it 's Hel ! Are you nuts ?
Now give me that .|You know what , I lied . I 'm not going slow anymore .
Go ! Fire at will !|Come on , Sarge . It 's either you or Hel . Who 's it gonna be ?
That 's it , girls . Sooner or later , Voice will be along to sort it out .|And once she 's talking to Hel , I 'll be able to read her thoughts too .
.. and the Pontina marsh .|To fight them , Pope Sixtus formed an alliance with Venice , ..
Ahhhh ! Off to see Mauser . I think I 'll tag along .|Whoa ! Uh .
To fight them , Pope Sixtus formed an alliance with Venice , ..|.. with Spain , with the Dukes of Ferrara and Urbino .
Get out .|Yes , sir .
And the Kingdom of Naples . Good , with the Kingdom of Naples too . For such a fine result .|What ?
Sir .|Thank you .
If they call me to baptize a baby , ..|.. even if the father is a dirty scoundrel , .. .. I have the duty to baptize it . Who is the godmother ? I , Mucchielli Rosa . But who will turn the pork ? I don 't know .
Thank you , Colonel .|I don 't want your thanks .
Aaaargh !|Is there a problem , Cleopatra ?
But ... I won 't be needing you again .|Back off , you major headcase .
And I know he 's a good man .|And I know he 's had to make some very hard choices over the last few months . Lord knows I have . Then maybe you can understand why he did what he thought he had to do ... when you said you were going to execute Helo and Tyrol .
Voice ?|Voice ?
You think I don 't understand his feelings towards his men ?|Sometimes terrible things have to be done .
So long ... and I moved here especially for you .|I guess it could be a little more appetizing .
I gave that to you . What did I get in return ? Desertion ... hatred ... contempt . I couldn 't kill anymore . Hmph . Who needs to kill ? You do .|The guard , yes .
More kids floating out that airlock .|I don 't know why ... but I have a lot of faith in you .
I don 't know why ... but I have a lot of faith in you .|And I want you to promise me ... that when that moment comes you won 't flinch .
You 're surrounded !|Catch them !
I recognize you now .|Darn your dead relatives ! I 've been bumping into him for 30 years and every time I 'm soiled with shit !
Run !|Maybe this is a good way to find out just how much you want to be mortal .
Decision 's been made .|Assassination .
It 's the Black Woman . She was the wife of the Calif of Moorland .|She 's wasn 't a plain girl like Leonetta .
She 's wasn 't a plain girl like Leonetta .|What 's going on with Leonetta ?
What 's going on with Leonetta ?|By necessity , she must have married a poor man .
It 's not about me watching her back .|I 'm not going to debate this with you .
It 's true , a poor fellow .|But what do you care ? You enjoyed yourself .
I want to go back . It 's much too late for that now .|You 've made me a murderer . I made you a god . I made you eternal . I made you my brother . You need never fear anything again . I fear what 's inside me now . Man is a predator , Nicholas , and we are the ultimate . You will live longer than in your wildest dreams . You will see life begin and end , and begin anew . I taught Nero the tune , and together , we watched Rome burn . I rode with Charlemagne , and taught Genghis Khan the lessons of war . All of these opportunities I have given you . A life never threatened by age or disease . You are a blessed man , Nicholas . The crusades you have endured will be but as a heartbeat in your lifetime .
Yes sir !|I , with due respect , that lady there , the Beautiful Black Woman , ..
Are you telling me that you haven 't seen him or heard from him since he stopped off ? I was asleep , sir . I 'm on the day shift , remember ? He was pretty upset when he left . He knew the victim . He was blaming himself . Uh , but I think he was working on a lead . Well , I hope I can make that sound all very rosy to the mayor . Got a blood type ? O. I 'm telling you , that 's the key : The O , the homeless , the bloodmobiles . What about the guard ? Captain , line three . Thank you .|Stonetree . Yeah . Where ? Yeah , we 've got some keys . We 'll get someone down there , thank you .
Lieutenant .|It 's good to see you .
Stonetree . Yeah . Where ? Yeah , we 've got some keys . We 'll get someone down there , thank you .|They just found his car parked in an alley illegally . They 're towing it in . I don 't know why nobody 's listening to me . We all know that Knight 's a hotshot , but ... he 's got no experience . Sure , he looks good in leather . He 's got the blonde hair and everything , but between you , me , and the lamppost , he 's in the dark about a few things . Here . Here . All right .
Attention Pegasus . Jump prep underway . Viper pilots report to ready room in five minutes .|Decoy squadrons , check in with CIC .
Feel that cushion of air .|This car takes me back , you know . Yeah ... 1976 , Madison , Wisconsin ... a wild bicentennial summer . I was with my buddy , Dino Armeris , a really great guy . That 's before he became a lawyer . He had a Coupe de Ville just like this . Just like it .
Be sure your marines and our marines are aware ... of their areas of responsibility if we 're boarded by the cylons . The last thing we need is Colonials shooting at each other .|Amen to that .
That 's it .|Ooh , nice .
Hey , you 're early this morning . I don 't think the test lab 's ready for it , but I 'll start the cataloging .|Blood bank . The police ? Well ... You can send them up , but I have to check with Dr. Kipper before I release any information . Okay .
I 've asked you here to find out why the Cylons hate us so much .|I 'm not sure I know how to answer that .
I know . So ... So you 're not mad about the car ? I could kill you about the car , but I owe you an apology about the case .|I accept it .
But didn 't you tell me he was a poor fellow ?|Cirifischio !
I don 't know , but there must be hope .|Is it true , Don Filippo that Cirifischio can 't be damned ?
Is it true , Don Filippo that Cirifischio can 't be damned ?|St. Peter denied Jesus Christ three times , ..
Is there something going on between you and her ? Dr. Hunter and I ? No , no , no . I mean , Alyce and you . You 're the detective . What do you think ? I think you are suppressing evidence .|Nick ?
Copy to Galactica . Aye , sir . Attention on Galactica . Prepare to launch attack squadrons . Starbuck , Pegasus . Resurrection Ship Twelve low at fifteen .|Watch your intervals .
Where is he ?|All we need from you is some answers to a few questions . Like ? Like , who has access to the donor records ? The blood bank 's staff , the physicians , hospital administrators . Oh , that narrows the field . Anyone come in and out of here this afternoon while Detective Schanke was around ? Well , there were several nurses . Dr. Edelman popped through .
Excuse me , I should ...|May I ?
You ?|My God ... Surprised , Don Filippo ?
Don 't listen to her . You think she can help you ? You think that that broken woman can offer you even a fraction of what I can ?|I know god 's plan for you .
I know how to help you fulfill your destiny .|Do you know what I miss most ?
If I hadn 't brought you with me , that night , ..|.. now he would be safe .
.. now he would be safe .|It 's my fault . No , we are all the instruments of Divine Providence .
By timing it right , I could sit down right at the horn ... and then let the emotion of the crowd flood over me .|Waves and waves of it .
Let us leave this to Him to decide .|By the way , now that I remember .
Like electric current .|That 's beautiful . And I always had two tickets .
By the way , now that I remember .|I need to communicate you something from God .
Apollo , Galactica , do you read ? Apollo , Galactica , do you read ?|Can you say your position ?
 Get away . Stay away . Get back !|Stay back . I mean it . Get back ! Stay away !
Stay back . I mean it . Get back ! Stay away !|Stay back .
Stay back .|I mean it .
Where 's Alyce ? Over there . We 've got to get out of here . Can you make it to the stairs ? Run .|Nick !
Apollo , Galactica , are you reading this ?|Are you out there ?
It 's easy to say . If you don 't help me I , here ...|I propose a deal , .. .. make yourself comfortable and do nothing . It 's your chair . And I 'll take care of the rest .
I built the aqueduct , .. .. after the centuries you 've been going to the Tiber to drink , .. .. as beasts do , I brought you water .|I wash , clean , reclaim , .. .. I build streets and squares , where people meet , greet .
I wash , clean , reclaim , .. .. I build streets and squares , where people meet , greet .|I raise obelisks , so that the Romans during Summer nights , ..
Apollo , Galactica , are you reading this ?|Are you out there ?
Are you out there ?|I 'm sorry Kara .
Take her . Take me . It 's the only way you can fight him . It will kill you , Alyce . Or make me immortal . LACROIX : It beats ... the blood . Can you smell the blood ?|I 'm so hungry . Then take her . Take me . Don 't you see ? I 'm a scientist . I want to . JEANETTE : The life . Then take her . You don 't know what you 're saying . I do . Alyce ... A chance to live through entire civilizations . Yes ! To watch the world change , evolve . Listen to her . Take me . You must . Yield to your thirst .
.. may sit around them and enjoy the cool air , .. .. and calmly stroll around , without fear . I pledged to the Eternal Father not to die , ..|.. until St. Peters be finished .
Clear .|He 's all right . He 's a little shaken . But , I say again , Apollo is all right .
Do it !|No !
Send my soul to God .|Please .
And Cirifischio ?|I 'm sorry , but he 's not part of the plan .
I 'm sorry , but he 's not part of the plan .|He personally excluded himself .
It 's very seductive , isn 't it ? The idea of never dying . Yeah ... And never being able to be in love . Is that seductive ?|She had no idea .
You are happy with your pleasures , .. .. enjoying only silver and gold , finally what will be left for you ?|Vanity of vanities .
This is starbuck . I 've been thinking about what we talked about before .|It 's not enough to survive .
And it is even in large print .|Wow !
A nose job , an eight ball ... .|What 's the difference ? Now , what keeps us in business are two things . One : People are always going to hate themselves .
What money ? The money Silvio Perez stole from me to pay for his new face .|Now , I 'll give you a week to pay me back ... because you guys did such a nice job on Maria .
You go searching here , searching there , .. .. always pursuing happiness , healthy , cheerful , and carefree ...|Vanity of vanities .
That 's a pretty wife , Dr. McNamara . I could get it up for her .|She work out ?
Raise up your arms ... and roll up , with your head and shoulders following .|Deepen the curve ... and exhale rolling down .
Dr. McNamara thought it would work for me , too . Maybe lengthen my muscles . Make them look feminine and lean like yours . Pull the belly off the floor . Bellybutton to spine . Goodness , I feel like Gumby . lnhale as you extend .|Exhale down .
Eminence , am I wrong , or has your sock a hole ?|This one too .
I could treat you to a smoothie .|Sophia , I 'd love to ... but I have to pick my daughter up after school ... and then I have a class , so ... . Excellent . Roll up to sitting ... and namaste . Thank you , class . Great work today .
There ! What do you think of it ?|You look like a Raphael 's portrait .
When I think about what she went through after the attack ... all alone , one ship , no help , no hope ...|She didn 't give up .
You look like a Raphael 's portrait .|What , are you tempting me to vanity ?
Hard day at work .|I 'm just a little tense .
I 'm just a little tense .|Really ?
Look ...|A close call like that ... that would mess with anybody 's head .
Thank him for thinking of it and tell him that we are wrong .|What , we are wrong ? The Pope is never wrong . In matters of faith . How do I take this thing off ? The cardinalate is not a matter of faith and a Pope can be wrong . Actually , in my opinion he 's surely wrong .
Sure you 're not hungry , guys ?|My girlfriend , she loves the hot shit restaurants in town ... but I prefer it here . Nothing beats a fruity tooty .
Great ! Don Filippo defrocked himself !|Don Filippo is still Don Filippo ! Thank you very much .
With power comes envy .|With envy comes assassination .
Excuse me ! Let me pass !|Don Filippo !
I brought you your slippers ! Thanks .|PRAISE GOD
Sure . Go ahead . I 'm just going to go eat in front of the TV .|Okay . We 're going to have some pancakes .
Yes , thank the Gods .|How are you feeling ?
Mmm !|SARAH : How 's it been ? Oh , it 's harder than I thought it was going to be . I almost bailed the first week . Really ? Yeah .
SARAH : How 's it been ? Oh , it 's harder than I thought it was going to be . I almost bailed the first week . Really ? Yeah .|Dr. Patrick did not tell me that . You 've been talking to Dr. Patrick ? Yeah . I call him .
Rumor has it ... that I know very little about military protocol ... but I do believe ... that ... someone who commands more than one ship ... is called an admiral .|Congratulations , Admiral Adama .
Well , he wouldn 't know , 'cause bailing on the program is not something you share with your counselor . I guess not .|So what made you stay ?
So what made you stay ?|You .
I never gave up hope , I just ... stopped trying to get these a long time ago .|Just goes to show you , Bill .
Just goes to show you , Bill .|Never give up hope .
You .|I mean , if I 'm going to be honest , which they tell me is part of the recovery program , it was you .
And I hated you for it . Well , go ahead and hate me , just stay sober .|I know it 's going to take a long time to earn your forgiveness , but I 'm going to try , because I want this .
Thank you .|Reverend Mother and Friend .
Joe . I mean , you can ... You can just call me Joe .|Good morning , Jabbar . Hi , Dr. Joe .
Otherwise Jabbar wouldn 't have a chance to say hi to Dr. Joe . Why is the doctor here ? Do I have to get a shot ? No , no ... Yeah , does he have to get a shot ? No , no . I was actually out of coffee , you know , at my house , and I hear your mom makes a really excellent cup .|JABBAR : Oh , okay . Mmm . I 'm gonna go play with my Lego bricks . Okay .
You 're not so young any more ! But I think the good Lord would prefer me to do something about it !|And my age is my own business .
JABBAR : Oh , okay . Mmm . I 'm gonna go play with my Lego bricks . Okay .|Hmm .
Is something wrong ?|Edmond Ozanne , has returned to St Pierre .
I should go . Uh ... And , uh , you know , my stuff 's in the ... Yes , it 's ... Yeah , that 's good , yeah . Through the ... Yeah , I 'm going to take off , too .|Crosby ... Yeah , I already got coffee , so ... 
Crosby ... Yeah , I already got coffee , so ... |Hey , what 's in the bag ?
Naturally , he doesn 't know you 'r Mrs. Patourel . And he wants to see you !|There is my answer !
Liz , you need to leave .|Why , Christian ? So you can remove more implants filled with heroin ... without a proper anesthesiologist ? That 's not what we 're doing . Cut the bullshit , Sean . I know what 's going on . I can see the fear in your eyes .
My two daughters .|You don 't mention Octavius ? Don 't you love him ?
Hey , what 's in the bag ?|Uh , doctor stuff .
Her fever 's easily over 102 . How long has she been like this ? She told Pepe she was puking on the plane . If the implant broke , you 're gonna have to scrape out whatever leaked . I 'm not leaving any of my shit in this puta ' s tits . What 's her name ?|Antonia Ramos .
Ready ? Yeah .|Okay , ready ? JOE : Ready . Just dump it on the floor . JOE : On the floor ? Okay , that 's ... That 's good ...
Octavius is kind and devoted !|He has been a loving father to his children , he has carried on the family business beautifully !
I don 't know . I never ate it because of Little Mermaid . That dancing crab killed it for me . Sebastian ? I thought that was a lobster . No , he was a crab . What about lobster ? He was a crab . No , I 'm sorry . I 'm on Zoe . Can she eat lobster ?|Googling it . Yeah , get on that .
My parents forbade me to marry Edmond . Because he drank too much . And talked to much ! Because they considered the marriage unsuitable .|Don 't lie to me , Sophie Patourel !
I know why you asked me here , Julia . Okay . And how do you feel about that ?|I feel you should give Dr. McNamara another chance .
You would have thrown yourself over the cliff that night ! If I hadn 't stopped you !|Help me ! Help me , Reverend Mother !
Help me ! Help me , Reverend Mother !|Octavius think I scarcely knew Edmond . He and my children must never know the truth ! You must go and see Edmond today . Tell him about your marriage . Your daughters .
I feel you should give Dr. McNamara another chance .|When I first met you , Julia ... I could sense you needed a girlfriend to talk to , just like I do sometimes . Sophia , how do you know about my problems with Sean ? Because I 'm friends with Liz .
Let him know unmistakenly that the past is buried forever !|And he will say nothing to jeopardize your family 's happiness .
I 'm sorry .|It 's okay , sweetie . Let it out .
Yeah .|She said you 're going to go see him tomorrow . Is that right ? You 're going to keep seeing this guy ?
No .|It 's just that ...
Oh , Mrs Metivier , you flatter me .|He has changed .
How many times are you going to go see him ?|I don 't know .
I think he 's the one that wants to leave .|He 's been almost unrecognizable lately .
Goodbye , my child .|Goodbye , Reverend Mother .
When did he teach you that ? This morning . I used to think he was scary , but he 's not . We filled up my truck with Lego bricks and made it dump all over my Ewok Village . It was so funny .|You want to sing ? Okay .  My name 's Jabbar and I got curly hair ...
Mama , help me get my bonnet on properly !|Naturally , darling .
You want to sing ? Okay .  My name 's Jabbar and I got curly hair ...|MAN : Thank you .
I also came here because of the women in our Pilates class . They 're ... .|Curious about me .
MAN : Thank you .|Good morning , Zoe . What 's up ? The usual ? Yes , that would be awesome . Here . Okay , I 'm ready . How are you ? Uh , I 'm fat , thanks for asking . You don 't look it at all . And yourself ? I am well . Thank you .
They don 't want you in the class , Sophia .|But I do .
Good morning , Zoe . What 's up ? The usual ? Yes , that would be awesome . Here . Okay , I 'm ready . How are you ? Uh , I 'm fat , thanks for asking . You don 't look it at all . And yourself ? I am well . Thank you .|Mmm , that wasn 't believable . Well , I do have to talk to you about something , though , and it 's kind of awkward because it 's about the baby . So you were eating sushi . I know , spicy tuna roll is so good . Yeah . But you can 't do that when you 're pregnant . What ? Eat lunch for breakfast ? Illegal !
Mmm , that wasn 't believable . Well , I do have to talk to you about something , though , and it 's kind of awkward because it 's about the baby . So you were eating sushi . I know , spicy tuna roll is so good . Yeah . But you can 't do that when you 're pregnant . What ? Eat lunch for breakfast ? Illegal !|Eat sushi .
I have made up my mind . You must marry !|Sir Charles , that 's our man .
Things are better here .|People are better here .
People are better here .|When will I be well enough to travel to Fort Lauderdale ?
Eat sushi .|Cooked crab and lobster are okay in moderation , but like super , super moderation . This is just according to what I googled . And raw fish , you know , it should be probably avoided entirely . And lobster , too , and the crab , just to be safe . You googled my eating habits ?
I 'm going to be a model , you know .|There is no modeling agency , sweetheart .
Yes , it took me three solid hours to coax sir Charles to give me this report .|You see it is marked " confidential " .
ADAM : After you .|Thanks for coming in . We 'll give you a call .
Son , it just tears your heart out , I 'm telling you .| This guy 's responsible for what happened to her . I mean , that 's why she 's back here and she starts to get her life back together again . And , you know , everything starts to seem to be copacetic and then this guy shows back up again , and ...
Papa !|You 'll be using steam ships in eight or ten years . By that time you will be retired and I will be running the business .
Leave ?|But my family is counting on me .
By that time you 'll be married to some smart young fellow who carry on in my place .|If I ever marry it won 't be because the bride groom is a good business man !
Please , isn 't there something you can do ?|We can help you heal , Antonia , but we can 't change the laws .
It would have been a great dinner and I had a surprise , but ... No . But , I hope tonight goes , um ...|I don 't even know what adjective I 'm looking for . I hope tonight goes ... Too .
I think it 's a little indecent , don 't you ? Marianne , the neckline of that dress , do you think it modest ?|Mama , it 's the very latest style !
All right . I 'm acting crazy . I just don 't want to screw it up . And I really , really have to pee . Julia ? Yeah ? She needed to hear what you said .|Yeah .
Obviously his kid made it .|And , you know , I shouldn 't have , but I opened it , and it said , " l miss you , Daddy . Get well soon , Daddy . "
William , come and see what I 've got !|A pink one and a green one . Are there any more of you outside ? A yellow one or a blue one ?
A pink one and a green one . Are there any more of you outside ? A yellow one or a blue one ?|William , make your manners . Bow to thelittle dears . This is my son William .
Do you remember after her seventh birthday party that night when you finally got her to go to sleep , do you remember what happened ?|It was the first time I asked you to go to rehab .
It was the first time I asked you to go to rehab .|That 's right .
And I should have gone .|" We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it . " No way , man .
I can 't believe you had sex with that guy . It wasn 't about sex , Christian . It was about ... .|It was about reassurance .
If it is impossible you can be your son ?|Impossible ?
I mean , is he getting out soon or what ? Well , they keep him for a certain amount of time and then we 'll see , you know ? I mean , he might go through ... Well , I mean , I guess , do you think he 's going to get better or not ? I mean , it 's not a disease . I mean , it 's not like the flu . He 's not going to get better ... I 'm sorry . Maybe he 'll stop making bad choices . Well , actually , it is a disease . Well , sure , but it 's also making choices , so ... It is also making choices . He made the choice to go into rehab . He 's doing well . Great . I 'm just saying ... And I just wanted to tell you guys that I 've been worried about him . I figured you guys might be worried about him . And I 'm just letting you know that so far , he 's doing okay , and thought you would like to know , because I 'm going to go see him later .|Great .
You can do this , Gina . You just ... can 't do it alone .|Pack your things .
We done ?|Did I finish ?
I micromanage . That 's what I do . Oh , my God . Are you serious ?|Look , I got the message loud and clear yesterday , okay ? I 'm not going to feed your baby raw fish . You got it . All right , boss ? Thanks . Zoe , I would have had that conversation with you regardless of our arrangement , okay ? I don 't know if anybody is telling you these things , and it 's just something that you needed to know .
You know , you also deserve to have someone make you a nice dinner . So if you want to come over tomorrow night ...|Also , plastic can 't go in the microwave because it releases the chemicals into the food . Oh , my God , are you for real ? You knew that one . Good . Okay , going now .
Who is it ?  Who is it ? Crosby .|Door 's open .
You are very like your father as a boy .|Let 's go now .
I just felt the baby .|It 's kicking .
Don 't worry , Sophie .|No one will ever hear it from these aging lips .
My last name .|It 's Russo .
Except for the Sisters of Saint Peter . William , I 've been thinking over very seriously what you said about shoe laces the other day . Can you get up there from here ?|Well , they say that many years ago before the convent was built smugglers used to climb up through a tunnel inside the cave !
Right ? How 's that going ?|This is an ambush . It 's not an ambush . There aren 't even really tools in that box , are there ? Come on , Sarah .  It 's like ... No , I don 't think so .
Dad sent you , right ?|Yeah , Dad sent me . Yeah . Look , he 's a meddler . He 's a pain in the ass , okay ? But his heart 's in the right place . He 's worried about you . That 's fine . Just tell him to just stay out of it . I don 't think he can .
I even wrote about him . Criminals and their victims : a cycle of violence . Croelick made an interesting chapter . I kept visiting him after the first trial . I think it flattered him . Do you think Croelick killed our Jane Doe ? Well , based on the similarities to his prior crime , I 'd say yes . Please . Both murders demonstrated the hallmarks of a highly organized , sexually aggressive killer , and though i 'm not an expert on this , they found his fingerprints on a stainless steel lighter on the scene .|Oh , i 'm sorry . Don 't mean to be rude . You want some ? They 're sugarless . My wife buys them for our children . Thanks . And even by the carton .
It 's a matter for the police .|I 'll have to report it .
Very dull and uninteresting .|Well .
Well , this is a turn of events , huh ?|I wasn 't here 3 years ago , but i heard you pled not guilty to the murder of Lisa Barnes .
All right .|I just don 't want to see you get hurt . That 's all . Didn 't mean to offend you , just trying to look out for you , okay ?
What are you doing ? Yesterday I noticed that one of the tires was loose .|But I think I fixed it .
So all you have to do is tell me the truth .|Since you asked me so nice and all and since you 're just ... oh , you 're just cute as a bug , ain 't ya ? Heh ! Uh ... i 'll tell you the truth . Do you want to hear it ?
Do you know what a storm it was that drew me here last night ?|Where are you from and what cargo ? From New Zealand , a cargo of timber .
My God , honey , what 's wrong ? You know , if nobody wants to go , then we 're not going to go . This is stupid ... Hey , hey , hey , hey ... If I 'm the only one who wants to do this . All you guys , no ... I 'm talking about ... Max . All you 've been doing is whining and complaining . " l don 't want to go . I want to do this . " Let 's just take a breath and regroup ... You regroup ... You know what ? Screw this . Hey , honey ! MAX : What 's Mom doing ? Don 't worry about me , 'cause guess what I 'm doing ? I 'm going mini golfing . Get out of the car . Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! ADAM : Hey , take a deep breath ... Get out of the car ! kristina : All right . See you later . Bye . I love you , bye ! HADDlE : Crazy ...|Do you think she remembers that Nora 's still in the backseat ?
Well , you 've got the most perfect ship I 've ever seen !|Captain Dennis O 'Hara at your service !
Wait , wait , wait , wait . Look , my wife Lisa was declared dead , ok ? I have the death certificate . So do i . Mine 's a little more recent , and it could cause all sorts of legal problems . You might need to get your marriage annulled , have another ceremony , or we could , uh , swap the dead girls , call it even . What do you say ? Oh , my god . That woman has never been anything but trouble . Sign it and let 's just get it over with .|Can you at least tell me who it was that i buried 3 years ago ?
Caught it in the Tasman Sea with a boat hook !|Yes , New Zealand is a beautiful country .
You remember that little cottage on Bay Street . We weren 't there very long , but it was so cute . Why did we take a picture that day , though ? That 's right after Amber lost her first tooth . Was it ? Yeah . Was it Alice 's restaurant on Old La Honda . Oh , yeah ! Oh , yeah ! Remember she bit into a French fry ? She had that bizarre fear of the Tooth Fairy . What 'd she say ? " Don 't let the crazy fairy ... BOTH : " Steal my teeth ! "|Wow !
With forests , half of them grand swell .|And the top of trees are a 150 feet above your head .
Thanks for hurrying . Oh , don 't you look handsome today ! Ok . We know our Jane Doe was white , early thirties , probably dropped out of sight about 3 years ago . These 40 missing women fit the profile . All i need from you is an expert to go over these dental records , match them with these teeth , and tell me which missing person she was . Ok . I 'll bite . What 's wrong with your odontologist ? He 's the reason we got the wrong I.D. in the first place . Brenda , how many cases has this guy worked on ? Oh , i don 't want to talk about that right now . No , no , no . Because if this is true , if it gets out that your guy 's just making it up as he goes along , Croelick 's not the only criminal who 's going free . Every defendant from every trial this moron testified at can sue to have their cases reopened . I know . That 's why shh , shh ! Ok ? Shh ! I can do . Fast , i don 't know . I 'll try . Should i stop in there and wave at the guys ? No . You should hurry and help me . Please , hurry . Thank you . Hurry .|Chief ? Chief ? !
And mountains with the snow always on their crests .|Slipped ashore last night , did you ?
Slipped ashore last night , did you ?|Stole the eggs off the natives ?
Wow !|She slept with us for a couple of weeks after that . A couple of months after that . She was so afraid . Oh , it 's ... Oh , no , you keep it .
I should go .|You probably have to do arts and crafts or something .
Commander Scott retired .|Reduce chief Johnson to his rank . You will send a clear and unambiguous signal that you are aware of the issue and that we here at L.A.P.D. are serious about correcting it . That 's not just a reduction in rank . That consigns her to civil service . I don 't even know if that can be done . And i think it creates more problems than it solves .
Reduce chief Johnson to his rank . You will send a clear and unambiguous signal that you are aware of the issue and that we here at L.A.P.D. are serious about correcting it . That 's not just a reduction in rank . That consigns her to civil service . I don 't even know if that can be done . And i think it creates more problems than it solves .|I want police protection ! I want my wife and kids in protective custody right now ! Whoa , whoa , wait . Calm down . Croelick called me on my private cell and told me i should start looking out for myself . He called you , too ? You see that ? I am not the only one . Wait a minute . How can you be so sure it was Croelick ? He identified himself . This is how this lunatic got off the first time . By eliminating anyone who could testify against him ! Me and my family , my kids ... Grayton . How much you want to bet ?
I 'm glad that your ex is going to rehab . I think that 's a huge thing . It 's a colossal thing . It 's great . But I just have to ask , is this ...|Is it something that I need to worry about ? I mean is Seth something that I need to worry about ?
Put your face on the ground . It 's all right . I know the drill .|Don 't you look at me !
All virgin soil , and don 't belong to no one !|There are places like that in this world , and I have to live and die here on this little ... ? You don 't have to do anyting you don 't want to !
Sergeant Gabriel , i found Croelick .|On my porch . Be nice if we had some company .
Is it something that I need to worry about ? I mean is Seth something that I need to worry about ?|No . No . Yes . Yes ? No . Yes , no . Yes , to the answer . Yes , no .
Thank you .|Well , you were looking for me .
And green is your colour , I can see .|And for you , son !
The maoris of New Zealand use a knife like this . For cutting up human flesh .|Captain O 'Hara , they are beautiful !
I was just ... I don 't know ... I 've just been so excited about tonight , you know ? I 've been trying to plan this thing this whole week , and I just ... I guess I forced it , you know ?|I just really wanted this to be a special night .
What difference does it make ?|Toss him overboard !
Toss him overboard !|Let me go !
I just really wanted this to be a special night .|It 's kind of sad to think that , you know , you 're going to be leaving the house , and it 's going to be a whole other dynamic . Okay .
You know , if my fingerprints show up on a lighter in that dentist 's pocket ... Shut up , shut up ! I 'd be suspicious if i were you . I said , shut up !|If the fire had originated inside of your Jane Doe , there would be evidence of the lungs exploding . Well , is there ? No . Whatever was left disintegrated . Now , but this Anna girl , a few years ago , her lungs exploded . Do you think maybe you could take another peek around inside ? Tell me , chief Johnson , where exactly do you see an inside ?
Is this my Jane Doe ? So much for foreplay . Any luck on what they said with your missing dentist ? No signs of foul play . I think he may have skipped town .|What ? I promise that 's your girl . And she was first reported missing june 2002 . She looks almost exactly like Lisa Barnes .
What ? I promise that 's your girl . And she was first reported missing june 2002 . She looks almost exactly like Lisa Barnes .|Maybe we 're about to get lucky . Drum roll .
No , I understand . Because I 'm already missing you .|A lot . Mom .
I won 't lie to you , I did kill him .|But I didn 't lift a hand at him until he came at me with a knife .
I believe you .|It is well and fairly spoken .
Actually , chief , it is possible , listening to this from a purely objective point of view , that this girl Samantha did commit suicide , and then someone who was familiar with the Croelick case , Croelick 's M.O. , and understandably eager to put this maniac away , might have made her death look like ... Hey . What is this ?|I 'm just saying there 's a lot of mistakes your end . And i just think internal affairs should investigate this whole situation .
I 'm sorry I 'm psycho , honey .|It 's cool . We 're used to it .
Take him below . Hide him in the fox hole . Come along .|The English law can 't reach you in New Zealand .
Your mom invited a friend . julia : Yes . I don 't think she 's coming , actually . But , let 's eat .|This looks delicious , doesn 't it ? Okay .
I 'm glad you 're here .|I 'm happy to be here .
Mind you , it 's not going to be as easy as you think .|William 's father is very proud .
Hey . Hey .|Uh , where 's Jabbar ? Play date with Jensen . I was hoping that we could talk .
You ... with me . Over here .|Here 's what i think is possible , but i have absolutely no proof , which is a bad place for me to be when going into an interview . Well , i understand that . But reactions can tell me a lot . And we still have Bill Croelick in jail ? Yeah , but all his legal study in prison paid off . Technically , his phone calls don 't rise to the level of harassment , so we 're gonna have to let him go . Again . All right , never mind . Doctor , you 'll be wearing an ear piece when you interview these people , and i 'll be making suggestions .
Here 's what i think is possible , but i have absolutely no proof , which is a bad place for me to be when going into an interview . Well , i understand that . But reactions can tell me a lot . And we still have Bill Croelick in jail ? Yeah , but all his legal study in prison paid off . Technically , his phone calls don 't rise to the level of harassment , so we 're gonna have to let him go . Again . All right , never mind . Doctor , you 'll be wearing an ear piece when you interview these people , and i 'll be making suggestions .|Ok . So ...
I want you to know that I heard everything you said , and you 're right .|We do owe it to each other to have a conversation before we bring Jabbar around anyone we 're dating .
William , you 're practically in the navy .|It 's Midsummer Festival day .
Sorry I was so , you know .|It 's okay .
Hello , Roy .|I 'm Dr. Easton .
Hey , hey !|Well , old fellow , you look younger than I do !
" Dear William . " " I have arranged for you to come to dinner tonight at 7 . "|" So that my father may see the results so far of his investment in your future . "
Here 's the number .|It 's hot !
I wanna see ...|But my ship sails at high tide tonight .
What 's a few more years ? Time passes .|Soon you 'll be home to stay !
Get him up . Get him up . Get him up . All right . All right , all right , lieutenant ! Lieutenant ! Hey ! Lieutenant ! All right ! All right ! I ... I demand an attorney . Yeah , well ... I 'll get you a phonebook . Let 's go . You 're pretty quick for a little guy .|Well , that 's one arrest that 's really gonna cost her . You wanna gloat to someone you 're close to ? Grab a mirror , captain . I 'm applying for permanent transfer to her squad .
No !|You 're so annoying , Lydie .
My , my , my . What a lot of trouble you caused for yourself .|And all for me .
They 've been popping in and out of ever here since you left .|Bless their hearts . Which one is it you 're so anxious to see ?
And all for me .|Imagine Dr. Easton ...
Having an affair with a rape victim , then murdering her just to keep it quiet .|What a monster , wouldn 't you say ? I don 't believe in monsters .
The fat guy , the owner . He 's only interested in money ... and African girls . He married her last year . At least she 's over 18 !|After 4 years , I 've learned that pants and long sleeves beat the heat and mosquitoes !
It 's an old joke . You know how it goes . Do you smoke after sex ?|I don 't know . I never looked .
Well , let 's just leave it that way , shall we ... not looking ? Let 's just ... leave things the way they are .|And have a nightcap on the way home , why don 't you ? Little triple martini ... in my honor .
So you 're off to China tonight ?|Oh , how lucky you are , William !
Oh , how lucky you are , William !|You know , Mama , The Green Dolphin trades on the China coast .
You know , Mama , The Green Dolphin trades on the China coast .|And captain O 'Hara says that knowledge of the Orient is most important nowadays .
Right ! Lift her up ! Get her up there ! Good stuff . Stow her away . Let me get that life jacket for you , ma 'am . You must 've been out there a while . Sorry , ma 'am . No , no , I 'm not ... I 'm not really that cold . Thank you . Charge ! Does everyone need to be mustered ?|Isn 't there a temperature anomaly with one of your diesels that your sailors are yet to sort out ? Blokes just wanna have a bit of a gander .
All clear , X.|Pretty neat pirates . Or maybe just a messy sailor . Mind your step .
Have a look around and see if anything 's missing .|Pirates tend to grab anything and everything they can get their mitts on . And what they don 't steal , they sabotage .
Yes , I think Papa will be satisfied with your progress so far .|Excuse me .
Excuse me .|What is it , Mrs Metiver ?
What 'll you do later on ? You don 't want to stay here ?|Here or somewhere else ...
You have 30 minutes left .|What is it , Fatima ? Are you OK ?
William .|Your father just had a sudden attack .
Your father just had a sudden attack .|My father ?
Thanks for the cover fire ! We 're going to proceed to board . Over .|OK , let 's go .
Come William .|Steady William , this might not be serious .
Fatima is Muslim and you 're a Wazungu ! Saving every poor girl isn 't going to make you happy here . I can 't just watch while her whole life is ruined . Do what you want .|Mom ?
Oh , no ! Not golf . This game sucks , I wanted soccer ! I did my best , it 's from Reunion . You 're lucky to have a game . Shitty country . You 're not happy either ? Well ... At least you got your shoes . Not the ones I wanted .|What 's wrong ? You know . I hate this time of year . And this endless rain is a nightmare . Then we can just go home .
Stand by to recover by swimmer .|Have just spotted a person in the water . Stand by to recover by swimmer .
Have just spotted a person in the water . Stand by to recover by swimmer .|Sir , it 's Clair Watts .
Sit there . Kabale , move over , please .|OK .
She 'll show you how .|Hold your stick like this . Ready , set , go .
Look ahead , not at the tire . Go , go .|This is stupid . I guess tire racing isn 't your thing . Like geography .
What 's up ?|Hi .
He says 150 . 150 ? No , no . His gold is not the best quality .|He says 125 . It 's OK , we 'll look elsewhere .
Um , they 're Lieutenant Caetano 's . They 're probably the right fit . Oh , thank you ... Seaman Webb .|Spider ... what are you grinning about ? Nothing , ma 'am . Have you seen Miss Watts ? No .
But then we must get you back to your ship cause it sails at midnight .|I 'm not going to the ship !
Well ... Uh , um , maybe , ma 'am . Clair ? Just a sec .|Oh . Oh , Seaman Webb was kind enough to deliver them by hand .
Oh . Oh , Seaman Webb was kind enough to deliver them by hand .|You 're dismissed , Seaman Webb .
We 've managed to locate your boat again . You 're kidding me . It would seem these pirates don 't really have a use for it .|After you .
With the knowledge that he would 've been as proud of you .|You 'll find his grave . We 'll bury him with honour and with kindness .
Clair , I 'd like you to set sail for the nearest port and stay there a while . Excuse me ? It would appear these ' pirates have taken a particular liking to your boat . I just think it would be safer if you stay off the water until they 're apprehended . Is this because I 'm a woman ? Well , being a lone female sailor does make you a prime target . Something tells me if you go back out there this is going to happen again .|Yep , maybe . Yeah , maybe I could ... I could do some time in a port .
Why do you always have drumsticks ? Because I used to play music .|Slow down ! It 's not just fruit juice . I know .
Slow down ! It 's not just fruit juice . I know .|Wasn 't that good ? Delicious . Thank you , darling .
" Pier 3 " " Sailing tonight : HMS Orion "|Well , Ozanne , there 's China .
This is a Chinese charm necklace .|To be given to the one whom you love .
Wasn 't that good ? Delicious . Thank you , darling .|Thank you .
Lieutenant Smith , what can I do for you ? Coastwatch have picked up that fleet of FFVs in your vicinity . How are you placed ? I can be away in 15 minutes . What 's their position ? Already given them to the RO . Roger .|Uh , stay on line , will you ? I wanna have a word with you from the Comcen .
" Wait for me ! "|" When I come home I will ask your father for your hand in marriage . "
That young fellow !|What are you doing here , son ?
Do you get lonely out there , ma 'am ? Nah . I love being alone . My joy of sailing decreases just a little bit with every person that 's on board . And there 's 24 people on board this ship .|Yeah . Yeah . Well , we should , um ... let 's move on . Yeah .
Something happened .|My ship sailed .
Alright , lad .|If you had gone straight to Her Majesty 's consul and made a clean brest of it .
Yeah . Yeah . Well , we should , um ... let 's move on . Yeah .|Thank you ! Thank you for everything !
Thank you ! Thank you for everything !|Crash into a reef . Get eaten by a shark .
Spider , pay attention ! Spider ? !|Swain ?
There you 'll be safe from the law .|Fine young muscles like yours will be at a premium among the settlers !
We 're the ones who raise the kids , and cook ... we do it all .|Should we go ?
But parson Kelly and his wife will take you in .|You can help in the mission school .
Why are they yelling at me ? The Wazungus mess it up .|You destroy fishing villages to build this stuff .
Give a good heart , son ! Don 't fret over past mistakes .|And remember , it is better to keep away from the liquor today than to waste tomorrow counting yesterday 's empty bottles !
How you doing , Spide ? Dodgy ... squid .|They 're gonna be fine . Bit of rest is all they need now . Were they poisoned ? I 'll have to ... I 'm just an intern . I 've got a chef over there who 's convinced he 's almost killed his mates . I 'd like to put his mind at ease if I can .
They 're gonna be fine . Bit of rest is all they need now . Were they poisoned ? I 'll have to ... I 'm just an intern . I 've got a chef over there who 's convinced he 's almost killed his mates . I 'd like to put his mind at ease if I can .|It wasn 't his cooking . The poison found was consistent with a couple of recent deaths . Your men are very lucky . Was Sam Murray one of those deaths ?
That 's because I 'm happy .|I have to take care of Hagi . Your little brother ? No , my son .
Now , thanks to your sitrep , the speedboat was apprehended this morning in the Arafura by the ' Kingston' Lieutenant Commander Curry caught the bandits ? Yeah , fairly unscrupulous bunch by the sound of it , and I 'd say the female sailor is very lucky . Yeah , well , she 's agreed to head to the nearest port , so we won 't be seeing her again .|Sir , I ... Is everything OK ?
But they 're a dangerous and strange people .|I 've seen some extraordinary exhibitions of their ability to predict the future .
I 've seen some extraordinary exhibitions of their ability to predict the future .|Have a look at their river , Ozanne !
Have a look at their river , Ozanne !|Perhaps some day that water will travel halfway around the world and splash on the beach at St Pierre !
You know , Kate , people do break off relationships for more complicated reasons than just wanting a change of scenery .|Well , Dr Morrell is a big marine biologist who I 'm sure can look after herself .
Everyone called me a ruined girl .|When he was born , I was all alone . Even my mom was unkind .
You could have told me before , that 's all . Does it matter ? Everyone else knew . The teachers , the kadi ...|Even if everyone knows , we don 't talk about our mistakes . Babies should only happen when it 's really love ... for both people .
Even if everyone knows , we don 't talk about our mistakes . Babies should only happen when it 's really love ... for both people .|Come here .
We have to talk .|We 've thought it over carefully ... we can 't go back home for the summer . Oh , no ! You promised . We 're sorry . With the new house , it costs too much .
I threw up this morning . What do you have ?|We 're having a baby .
" Dear Sir "|" It is a long time since I 've had the pleasure of addressing you . "
OK .|Sorry , Hugo . I wish you good luck . Truly .
Tell me , Hugo , have you ever heard of condoms ? Tomorrow you 'll get tested .|And the baby ?
Put the gun down , please , Clair .|Clair , look at me . Look at me , Clair .
Alright !|I was drunk !
I was in Wellington .|Alone and miserable !
OK ?|You OK ? I 'm tired . You 're tired ?
You OK ? I 'm tired . You 're tired ?|Yeah , OK . Come here . You 're safe here .
Yeah , OK . Come here . You 're safe here .|You OK , ET ? Yep .
I met this girl . We made love every day .|Several times a day .
Sophie , here , write , my dictation !|Here 's pen , ink , paper , sit down , dear !
A girl I love , and who loves me .|And who 's carrying my child .
That 's it .|What a liar . Boys ' turn .
Are you OK ?|Yep .
Yep .|Really ? Maybe not .
Land ho !|Land at starboard !
Land at starboard !|Mr Johnsson !
I am not a product|To many images kill It 's " t , o , o , " not " t , o . "
Look , Nikki ... I 'm fine .|I just need a bit of time on my own .
You made a mistake .|Too many images kill imagination
Oh , this is just great , isn 't it ? Might even do some fishing later . Yeah . Shame it 's illegal on an FFV , RO . I was being facetious .|You OK ?
William Ozanne has no reason to expect you on this ship .|When we tie up at Wellington you can shut yourself up in your cabin .
On TV , you can mute it or change channels .|But outside , you 're forced to see ads . It 's infringing on our freedom .
So help me I would !|If William were a fine strong character what would he need me for ?
 Arggh ! Hey !  Hey ! Hey , leave him alone ! RO : Get back . Get back over there . Get back . SPIDER : Leave him alone . RO : Get back now . Sit back .|Webb , let him go . Get up ! Stay where you are . Apologise to him . Apologise to him ! Webb , let him go ! OK , OK . I sorry . Sorry who ? What 's his name ? Webb , let him go ! That 's an order . What 's his name ? Gesang . That 's an order . Let him go . Arggh ! Sir , you sit down . Sit down now ! Sit down !
Oh , great . This is really relaxing . He 's your son , for God 's sake ! He is not my son . You said he was . I said he is mine . I bought him . Did you hear that ?|So you 're saying you bought the boy , are you , sir ? He can 't speak . His parents have no use for him . He 's lucky I take him . Lucky ? ! You 've got to be kidding ! Spider , shut up ! Shut up ! So he can 't speak at all ? He 's mute , is he ? He can 't speak .
We 're resisting , we 're at war .|Watch out , it 's flammable .
The ad guys are there . We gotta be there before the vote . Otherwise they 'll put ads everywhere , with no limits .|At the Brussels Convention Center during a big convention , it 'll be a big deal .
The gear 's all here , ma 'am . We 're only in 15 metres of water . They might still be down there . You are not going down there alone . Ma 'am , I 'm the only certified diver we have . I 'm aware of that . Let 's leave it to a recovery team . And by the time they get here , there won 't be anything there for them to find .|OK .
Your grades are average , but you have to get readjusted .|Grandma said you skipped class and you 're coming home very late .
That 's different .|Come on , let 's see .
She came !|It 's Marguerite !
Man in the water !|45 degrees off the starboard bow .
I meant to tell you , when ... It 's OK , I 'm with someone too .|OK . Should we go ?
Did Marianne ever show any signs of being in love with you ?|I think perhaps she did .
They 're both badly dehydrated . Alright . I 'll have an IV standing by . Good .|MAN : Right . Welman , go with Bomber and help set up the IV . Great work . Hey , Nikki .
Go on .|Wave to her
Why am I going to Gramps ' ? Why do you think ? I 'm sick of you . Everyone is sick of you . Even Grandma and Grandpa . But Gramps lives in West Buttfuck . Yes , exactly .|You 'll end the school year in the sticks . You won 't be tempted by consumer society .
So ? He sexually harassed Lieutenant Caetano , and then he and ET got into a boating incident where ET nearly lost his leg and Fulton lost his job .|ET must have been a forgiving kind of guy . What makes you say that ?
Dad !|You can 't keep on exiling me .
And later ? I liked it .|Your father drew that . He was a good artist .
Go to her , put your arms around her . Make her feel that you want her .|And don 't ever let down .
And don 't ever let down .|And remember , her name is Marianne .
This must be heaven .|No , you 're awake . Any chance of a cold beer , angel ?  Not a hope in hell . Oh , let a guy down gently , why don 't you ? Water ?
Good luck , Mam . Congratulations , Sir . Mister Morgan ! All hands spice the main braize .|And a double eggnog to all of ye ! Thank you , captain O 'Hara . Thank you for my beautiful wedding .
We 're grateful to you and your crew for saving our miserable lives . You satisfied ? Not by a long shot . And my guess is the civil authorities won 't be either . We 're just trying to earn a buck . Sure . We 'll bring over some personal effects from your boat and you 'll be assigned a cabin . You 're welcome to use the junior sailors ' mess and the boat deck , but if I were you , I 'd confine myself to that cabin . You worried about me getting lost ? It 's for your own good , Fulton . You have no friends on this boat . That 's a bit harsh . If the shoe fits .|Imagine what his life must be like . I mean , to be sold by your parents is bad enough , but not even be able to communicate , not being able to talk . Imagine if that were you or me . I 'm trying to imagine it being you . 
Great , thanks .|Is it good ?
I 've been very close to your husband for several years now .|He has changed since you knew him .
Mate , are you OK ?|RO ? What ? I think he might be sick . Well , has he got a temperature ? Um , I don 't think so .
The worst is , sometimes it 's hard ... to remember her .|That 's why I put her photo up .
Well , should we call for Swain or ? No . Look , we rendezvous with 'Hammersley ' in the morning . If he 's still feeling sick , we 'll get Swain to take a look at him then . It 's OK , mate . Just try and make him feel comfortable .|Most ghost nets float until they get so full of dead fish that they just sink to the bottom ... How you going ? Hi . Till they get ... just sink to the bottom of the ocean , right ? How good 's this ? And then the nets , um , lie dormant until , you know ... How you going , boys ? Until ... Then they float back up to the top and start killing all over again .
Awesome .|Enough to put a man off his food .
I was 19 when we met .|But I was supposed to marry someone else .
It was all arranged , a lot of money was involved , and farmers ' land .|It was a big scandal .
My dad beat the crap out of me .|But I held firm .
What do you mean , deserve everything you got ? Your boss 's report got me booted out of fisheries . I was pissed off at first , but I woke up to myself . And in a way , it was the best thing that ever happened to me . Well , I can 't say the same . I know . I don 't expect you to forgive me . I wouldn 't if I was you . But ... I 'm not the same dickhead I was back then . I hope not anyway . Were you ... Were you working with , um , Robsenn Marine the same time as ET ? Yep , I was . But not the same crew . Our paths never crossed .|I 'm really sorry for your loss .
No one could stop me . I was in love , and I married your grandmother .|I usually go to bed early .
I don 't know if I believe in God , but I know there 's something more , and I 'll be with your grandma .|OK , you can tell me later . Excuse me .
Hello ?|Hugo ?
Well , it will cut your delievery costs by two thirds .|I believe they would .
I believe they would .|Now , Mrs Ozanne , I 'm sure that you will excuse me .
Or it changed me .|And you too .
At least we 're not like them .|You can choose : come with me to Mayotte or live with Mom and Lydie .
Miss Marguerite .|This one 's in Mr Ozanne 's handwriting .
Can you dive with that nose ? Well , I can 't dive without it . Look , equalising 's gonna hurt like a mother , but I 'll cope .|Right . Let 's do it .
It must be important .|Mrs Metivier , I want you .
Yes !|Your performance is too poor ! Amy ! You must teach them heavily . Yes !
Your performance is too poor ! Amy ! You must teach them heavily . Yes !|The two of you come out and try .
Good luck , mate .|He 'll be alright , Spider . He will .
Then let 's see your skill !|Yes !
Today 's over . Everybody work harder !|Yes !
Hating you .|But from the very beginning you were kind to me .
Do you think he 's right ? I don 't know .|But you got through to him .
I 'm gonna go wait for him to come back up . It 's coming up to three hours . Well , the fact that they 're still down can only be a good sign . Hope so . Excuse me , sir . We 've just received a radio call from the Robsenns . They 're requesting a rendezvous .|They should have been up by now .
I am going to the boss !|Mr. Wong is getting old and stupid ! Right ! Just know of Kung Fu ! He hasn 't even touched a woman 's leg !
At first respect .|Then gratitude .
Thank you !|Inside ! Brother , save me ! I can 't come back ! What happened ? Someone is going to catch me ! I 'm scared ! Save me !
Inside ! Brother , save me ! I can 't come back ! What happened ? Someone is going to catch me ! I 'm scared ! Save me !|Hello ! Anna , where are you ?
Do you know what I 'm saying ?|Do you , Marguerite ?
Carry on .|Thank you , boss .
Hello ! Anna , where are you ?|Hello ! Anna ...
With a love so deep .|So great .
Mama !|I know what you mean .
What happened to you ? Why are you so late ? I couldn 't catch a tazi at the airport !|Why are you carrying such a large luggage ? Are you a newcomer ? Alright ! Go to the room ! I 'm looking for someone !
We 'll be in trouble .|Tell all my people to be alert from now on ! Don 't let me lose face . Boss , I ... Alright ! Though all my saying is bullshit ... I still have to say .
Tell all my people to be alert from now on ! Don 't let me lose face . Boss , I ... Alright ! Though all my saying is bullshit ... I still have to say .|Who do you think you are ?
He died of heart attack !|Maybe he was lucky ! He could forget everything ! Long time ago , I went singing in Japan ... And I met your father ! He told me that he worked in property business . Oh , papa used to work in property business . In fact , he was only a site worker .
Yes , Marguerite .|I 've always known your mother 's beautiful and honourable secret .
William ? Then ...|I was in love with William 's father .
DISHPAN : Right in here .|Whoops . Wrong house .
It 's none of your business ! I 'll be back anytime I want !|Bastard ! I wish you lose ... Mom , can I ask you something ? Why do you stay with such a man ? Daughter , you don 't understand ! You can 't do what you want in this field ! He 's my gate keeper to block away trouble ! This is not worth talking . Let 's talk about something else .
Inspected by Number Six . You made the top 10 . This calls for a little celebration . Well , the celebration will have to wait until you return from your mission .|If you return .
But I did believe in mine !|I believed I 'd be a better husband . A better father .
I believed I 'd be a better husband . A better father .|Octavius !
Dr. Warren Strasser .|One of the world 's leading biochemists . The East Germans have him working on a new strain of biological warfare that could have catastrophic repercussions for the West . Sounds like a fun guy . Judge for yourself . You 're going to be flying into East Berlin and bring him out . Flying into where ? East Berlin . It 's just east of West Berlin . Even though he 's in the States , Dr. Strasser has made it perfectly clear he won 't consider defecting without his wife , Marlena . A family man . I like that . You should also know that Dr. Strasser was informed by the FBI that they have considered his case and turned it down , due to an unacceptable risk factor . On my Franklin scale from 1 to 10 , where does the risk factor line up ? Next to the one .
One of the world 's leading biochemists . The East Germans have him working on a new strain of biological warfare that could have catastrophic repercussions for the West . Sounds like a fun guy . Judge for yourself . You 're going to be flying into East Berlin and bring him out . Flying into where ? East Berlin . It 's just east of West Berlin . Even though he 's in the States , Dr. Strasser has made it perfectly clear he won 't consider defecting without his wife , Marlena . A family man . I like that . You should also know that Dr. Strasser was informed by the FBI that they have considered his case and turned it down , due to an unacceptable risk factor . On my Franklin scale from 1 to 10 , where does the risk factor line up ? Next to the one .|You see , if we bite it , the government isn 't connected to a rescue attempt . Just makes you want to run out and buy war bonds . Doesn 't it ? Any ideas how we 're gonna drop in on this friendly little hamlet of East Berlin ?
Please . Please . We have no time for this now . We have a plane to catch .|HANNIBAL : Why , I 'd fly my boys straight to Germany .
Stop ! Don 't go !|Ma 'am ! Bastard ! Why did you give me false information ? You are a betrayer ! Let me teach you a lesson ! I 'll let you go if you can win !
Get up ! Go on !|Ma 'am , please stop ! I really have information for you . Don 't you want to cheat me again ?
And happy !|That you did tell me !
Go on ! I 'll wait and see how you flush ? ? Just like flushing the toilet ! Haven 't you do that ? Would you show me how to flush ?|So simple ! Just press this down ! See !
Leave me alone with her , dear .|Leave us together .
Why isn 't there any water ?|It 's not my fault ! Why do you catch me ? Take him away ! Wait a minute ! Be frank !
Come on , read your letter , maybe it will help .|Read it to me , please ?
Beats me why you want guys like that on your team .|BRECHT : American football . How could you let this happen ? I had no choice , Commissar Brecht . Our honor was at stake . No . Your honor was at stake . Ordinarily , I would dismiss this foolishness , except , this man has applied for a visa to accompany the American team as an assistant coach . This looks like the reporter I encountered in the hotel lobby . His entire background is an elaborate deception .
BRECHT : American football . How could you let this happen ? I had no choice , Commissar Brecht . Our honor was at stake . No . Your honor was at stake . Ordinarily , I would dismiss this foolishness , except , this man has applied for a visa to accompany the American team as an assistant coach . This looks like the reporter I encountered in the hotel lobby . His entire background is an elaborate deception .|The Americans have made a serious mistake believing this would go unnoticed . I will cancel his visa immediately . On the contrary , we will allow this charade to continue . And when we arrest him and his accomplices as spies , the propaganda triumph will be worth a hundred football victories .
May I go to my father now ?|Your father does not need you now .
Boss ! ? Let me take it !|Boss , please get in !
Murdock , I admire your dedication .|And I know that I 'd feel confident in anything inspected by Number Six . Oh , thank you . I am ...
Get lost ! Don 't bother me !|Boss ! Go away ! Hurry up !
Jimmy Traynor , player .  B.A. Baracus . I 'll take that , sir . Player .|Billy Bob Smith , owner . That 's me , son . Know where I can get some good chili around these parts ? H.M. Murdock . No humor .
Why didn 't you let me know ?|This is my namecard . Just call me if you need me . Let 's arrange some days for dinner !
I 'll try my child .|There 's no one to turn to .
This is officer Karati .|How do you do ? She 's going to help you to investigate this case . If you have any queries , you can ask her .
I 'm completely lost !|I can 't think .
I can 't think .|It 's my mind .
He can be bought .|FACE : I don 't mind telling you , Hannibal , I 'm not thrilled about this . Face , this is a great plan . You are gonna love it . Oh , sure . Well , you don 't seem to understand . You see , B.A. And Frankie are gonna black out an entire city block . Well , people are gonna expect a power technician to come and fix it . Not to mention , speak their language . Yes . But do you remember how quickly you struck up a conversation with that West German ambassador last year ? Sure , I mean , I happened to know one traveling salesman joke in German . But I don 't even understand the punchline . You can ask Strasser on the way to the border .
Murdock 's gonna make his move right now . Remember , you 've only got two hours to get Strasser and his wife back here .|Have a great time .
What a great guy .|B. A : Hey , man , you don 't read German , do you ? B.A. , current is current . And the Frankman is death on current . Watch and learn .
Yes !|The way the in which the human race perpetuate its scorn of Our The Mighty God is quite deplorable .
Wife , this blanket stinks . You must have gone nuts . I really can smell it . There 's something wrong with your nose . I changed a new one yesterday .|Where 's my ring ?
Where 's my ring ?|Hey , pay me ! Alright ! Pay me ! Ask your boss to give me a credit . Five hundred dollars ! What ? Five hundred for washing a blanket ? Which laundry is it ? Are you kidding ? Let me wash it ! Let me wash it ...
You must take this .|It is a live culture from Project Victory . Doctor , that isn 't necessary . It is vital that your scientists receive this as a precaution against something going wrong with my escape .
It is a live culture from Project Victory . Doctor , that isn 't necessary . It is vital that your scientists receive this as a precaution against something going wrong with my escape .|Please .
Please .|Good .
Hey , pay me ! Alright ! Pay me ! Ask your boss to give me a credit . Five hundred dollars ! What ? Five hundred for washing a blanket ? Which laundry is it ? Are you kidding ? Let me wash it ! Let me wash it ...|You bastardm how dare you bring a mistress back home ? You bastard ! I 'll kill you ... You eat my food , live in my house and spend my money . And keep a mistress in my house ? ! How dare you ! I have to kick you out . What are you going to do ? Go away ! Get lost ! Can 't I change my taste ? I 'll starve you to death . Go and sleep in the streets ... I warn you , don 't shout at me anymore ! Do you dare to beat me ? Shit ! How do you dare beating me ! You bastard ... Shut up ! Why did you beat my mom ? Who said I can 't beat her ? If you don 't shut up I 'll beat you too ...
I read it myself when I was about your age .|Read it !
That 's a nice job of loading , William !|Cleverly planned .
Yeah , my wife 's idea .|This was hers idea , not yours I suppose , the two of you sat up all night arguing about it ?
We 'll call an audible .|Mr. Bryant , I hope you haven 't taken this game lightly . The East German team is highly skilled .
Fine , look who has got the qualification !|Fire at yourself if you have the guts !
Thank you , Mr Haslam !|Thank you !
 DAVY : My leg ! Davy Miller is not getting up . Boy , I just hope he 's not seriously injured . I can 't believe there was no penalty called by the officials . Now what is this , a ball game or an ambush ?|Split right . Ready ? ALL : Right . COMMENTATOR : And I got to tell you , folks , these German players are enormous . You just can 't imagine the size of these guys . White 46 , white 46 . Bryant under Stenter . Stenter finds the pass and he is dumped for a loss of five .
It 's not true .|You can no more separate love from hatred than you can separate the two sides of a coin . To possess one is to possess the other .
What do you want ?|What do I want ?
Boss ! Do we still need to rob the goods of the Big Circle Gang ?|What should we eat if we don 't rob ? We must do any business that comes ! We must earn money as much as we can !
What should we eat if we don 't rob ? We must do any business that comes ! We must earn money as much as we can !|The Big Circle Gang is tough . I 'm afraid we 'll lose !
Go to be a farmer if you have no guts !|Excuse me , I 've got other things to do .
Come on , drink ! Cheers !|How is it ? The Immigration Department has come to investigate . The visas of all the girls working here are expired . This may cause us trouble . That 's a problem .
Hide that . Get rid of it .|Okay , okay , okay . This was supposed to be just a friendly exhibition match , folks . But I got to tell you , it 's been a ... 
Perhaps ...|Perhaps the boy will help you when he comes ? You sure it 's gonna be a boy ?
It 's going to be a boy , I know it !|William .
Cutting the timber is Tai 's job .|Taking it to market is mine .
What happened to you ?|? ?
Is it serious ? It 's alright ! No problem !|Can you walk ? Yes , I can walk !
HORNE : Lose ? Are you crazy , Hannibal ? Yeah ! Yeah , we got a real chance here ! We 're starting to roll now . ALL : Yeah ! If we don 't lose and lose big , they 're gonna kill Murdock . I 'm sorry , guys .|Oh , boy .
You are Song 's daughter , aren 't you ? Why can you speak Japanese ? Are you from Japan ?|Right ! I 'm an international cop from Japan . I want to investigate ... The case of missing Japanese girls in Hong Kong .
If you forgive me , I promise I 'll try to do better .|Yes , yes , William !
COMMENTATOR : First at 10 , East Germany . Strindberg back to pass . Goes over the middle . It is picked off by Dave Cloud . Cloud upfield to the 40 , he cuts through to 30 , cuts back across the 10 . He may score , he 's in there . Texas . East Germany by four with just 30 seconds left in the game .|What are you doing ? Are you willing to give up your friend 's life for a meaningless game ? Well , you know us crazy Americans . Sometimes principle is everything . Don 't worry , Commissar , it 's too late to catch up now .
Where 's Anna now ?|This girl is mysterious .
The native 's believe there is to be an earthquake .|But William does not believe it . And I imagine you don 't belive it ?
One day , when I was still asleep ... She called from the airport and said she was going back to Philippine .|After that , I lost contact with her .
After looking sluggish through most of the second half , Texas has really come out here in the closing minute . It is Horne at quarterback . Bolt to 45 . 25 seconds left . Hut !|He 's hit hard after a game of five and Texas immediately calls time .
You 'll have your son .|No , it 's too soon !
But anyway I got some information . She 's cooperated . But she has to tolerate a short moment more .|For not arousing suspicion , I want her to keep working .
Time has run out , Americans win ! Final score , Texas , 27 , and East Germany , 24 . I don 't believe it !|Eisler , Strasser , come .
We must have enough evidence to catch Ma ... So that Kumy can be saved . And we have to find a way to save the other missing girls .|I must catch Ma by myself . You don 't compare with me .
Wife ? !|You want to go home and change napkin for daughter ? What are you doing then ? Playing Majong ? Have you won any money ? Won a lot ? Great ... Then tonight I can have something good to eat .
First news from the backblocks . Horrible disaster .|The Green Dolphin is missing .
The Green Dolphin is missing .|Here you are , first news from the backblocks .
Search there !|Over there !
Don 't think that you can escape from us ! Do you want to pay me back the money ? I will try anything to pay you ! What can you do ? The interest increased so quickly . You can 't clear the debt for your whole life !|Hey ! How can you beat her ? Don 't bother me ! Or I 'll hit you too !
How bad is it ? Oh , man , I 've had bee stings worse than this .|I will not leave without my wife .
Exquisite !|Now you look a bit more like your old self !
T. J : Hey , B.A. What ? I 'm sorry I tore up your scholarship application , man . That 's all right .| Welcome aboard , ladies and gentlemen . This is your captain . The temperature in West Berlin is a nippy 57 degrees . Enjoy the flight .
I 'm on behalf of mr . Ma .|Have you brought the money ?
Quiet .|Court rules in favor of the homesteaders .
Court rules in favor of the homesteaders .|Now , this is an outrage , now . This claim says that land is mine . Look there , you see , " Mr. Dicky O 'Shea . " I peaceably come to the first legal court I could find ... ... to assure me claim was legal . But now this bloody woman here tells these thieving farmers about it ... ... and sure don 't they go off and invent a bogus deed of their own . I knew of their claim long before I 'd ever heard of you . The homesteaders ' claim predates yours . I suggest you set your sights on another piece of land . I want that land . By the saints , it 's mine ! Not anymore . Might wanna go take it up with them saints .
Now , this is an outrage , now . This claim says that land is mine . Look there , you see , " Mr. Dicky O 'Shea . " I peaceably come to the first legal court I could find ... ... to assure me claim was legal . But now this bloody woman here tells these thieving farmers about it ... ... and sure don 't they go off and invent a bogus deed of their own . I knew of their claim long before I 'd ever heard of you . The homesteaders ' claim predates yours . I suggest you set your sights on another piece of land . I want that land . By the saints , it 's mine ! Not anymore . Might wanna go take it up with them saints .|Safe journey , Mr. Richmond .
I don 't care about any old rule . I want to see the goods first .|Do you mean you don 't want to deal ?
All right , folks , we 'll get back on the trail first thing tomorrow .|Let 's get those supplies loaded up .
BUCK : Morning , gents . J.D. : Hey , Buck . We about ready ? Mr. Tanner , the only thing I am ready for at this ungodly hour ... ... is the comfort of my down pillow .|Here . Let me help you with that .
You have checked the money . Now I want to check the goods .|Check the goods . No problem !
When Gerard wrote and told me that he and his daughter , Katie ... ... were planning on a new start , I knew it would make a great story , so ... . Mary invited herself and Billy along . Oh , I invited ?|We 're ready to go .
We 're ready to go .|Mary .
Move them out .|I look forward to spending time with you . Me too .
Captain O 'Hara insisted on being the last ashore .|He stood on the quarter deck bellowing orders .
I couldn 't save him .|But I think he knows I tried !
? ?|That bag is empty . You just wanted to ? me .
Water ?|Thank you .
Captain O 'Hara !|Green Dolphin .
Thank you .|Y 'all could just stop now and put down stakes here . Pretty nice spot . New homestead 's gonna be nicer . Think so , huh ? Well , I haven 't seen it yet , but I know it 's got a river and mountains ... ... and fine , rich soil as far as the eye can see .
And when we start farming it , it 's gonna be heaven on earth . I reckon , if you 're akin to that kind of thing .|Only a fool wouldn 't be .
Only a fool wouldn 't be .|Well , then , I 'm a fool ... ... because I never been interested in taming land .
Besides , ? didn 't protect you ...|How could you escape ?
Woolly to the bone .|You ought to smile more often . Kind of lights up your face .
And we 'll do better ! We certainly will !|The several passing years see New Zealand swept by the fierce tides of a raw new world raging in violent ebb and flow .
I belong to special troop . Is mr . Ma here ?|Mr. Ma is engaged in conference . Please wait for a while . Hey , miss !
You gonna pull that or you just resting your hand on it ?|Well , maybe something will happen to make you change your mind . Be seeing you .
You are really here . You were lucky to escape ! Hey , what are you shouting for ? This is a private apartment .|This girl used to work in your club . Now she was missing ! I think you are smuggling people .
... but your husband seems to be fighting the bit a lot of the time . He didn 't used to be like this . If you 'd just seen him before .|Like when Allison was born . He was so happy . You never seen a man more proud . Allison your daughter ?
" My dear Marguerite , do not worry about the Maori war . "|" True , it still goes on up ... north . " " Because the natives who want to sell their land to the white settlers " " are now killing Maoris who don 't want to sell . "
" True , it still goes on up ... north . " " Because the natives who want to sell their land to the white settlers " " are now killing Maoris who don 't want to sell . "|" But the new governor expect to work out a treaty of peace " " which is probably accomplished by now " .
" But the new governor expect to work out a treaty of peace " " which is probably accomplished by now " .|Aren 't you a bit too optimistic , even for Marguerite ?
I 'm sorry to hear that , ma 'am . I never did and never will make peace with it .|Figured I 'd best get along with life anyway . But Will , he ... . He just can 't seem to ... .
Peace can be arranged ! I could do it if I were the governor .|You probably could !
You probably could !|Hello there !
Hello there !|Uncle Tai !
O 'Shea 's pretty serious about that land . Must be something special if it 's worth killing for . Couple of men riding straight through could reach it in a day or so . chris : J.D. , come here .|You did what you could , Nathan . It wasn 't enough , was it ?
Uncle Tai !|Well , you didn 't come in to see me today !
Why were all the girls of your club not leaving !|This girl was troublesome . She stole someone 's money and now disappeared . I think Crowbar must have some relation to that .
Stop and think , Tai , you realize that I 'm right !|Veronica and I are far more likely to be murdered on a long journey to Wellington ! And if we stay here we 'll be well protected .
Veronica and I are far more likely to be murdered on a long journey to Wellington ! And if we stay here we 'll be well protected .|There 's something about that , Tai ! As always I bow to your clever reasoning .
These folks are sadder than an old woodpecker in a stone forest . What we need is a little divine inspiration .|Well , come along , fiddler . Render us a more jovial tune .
Good evening , young sir . Now , now , I would not describe that as a long face ... ... but you are obviously in a dour mood due to our limited resources . Feeling a bit peckish , are we ? Fear not , my friend . Uncle Ezra 's middle name is " resource full . "|And that is not all . I have brought you a veritable cornucopia of goodies . Beef jerky . Candy . Enjoy .
I 've been waiting for you too .|Where are you bringing me to ?
Where are you bringing me to ?|Isn 't this the place for Kung Fu training ?
The world is dangerous , success is like gambling .|If I have no guts , how can I be the boss ?
Come Veronica , your dinner .|Come here .
You all right ?|MARY : I think so . JOSlAH : Everybody all right ?
Why is the music so loudsy ? Is it the wrong place ? Those bastards ...|Benz 's car and Rolex watches are everyone 's dream . Day and night , I go forward fearlessly . Dating and looking for a wife .
The world is dangerous and success is like gambling .|I can 't be a boss if I have no guts .
No , you didn 't make me . You honestly convinced me .|So don 't blame yourself only . We 're both guilty .
That deed O 'Shea was waving around probably came off this old bastard . Nothing makes men kill each other faster than gold .|Come on , let 's go .
Our own Maoris are out there among the others . And they 're still my friends . They were strong enough to get me in here . Oh William , then everthing ... Whether they have the influence to get us out I don 't know . They 're in council now , that 's why it 's so quiet . But what if they won 't ? It 's a chance we 'll have to take !|Chance ? But Veronica !
Are you crazy ?|Mr. Ma , what 's wrong with you ? I thought I had come to the wrong place !
I should say we have enough capital in the bank to start ourselves another future .|No , we can forget that one .
Send the girl out .|Come on . DlCKY : Mighty Christian of you to ride all the way here to bring it to us , gunfighter .
Would you please find Ah Yung for me !|Boss , the guy who stole goods last time ... Has already been killed .
No , I think not . Hey !|MAN : Get her. I 'll guard you .
There you go .|I didn 't realize how hungry I was . What you been through could work up a heck of an appetite .
Thomas ! He 's coming !|Oh , you must be Crowbar .
Bad !|But there 's a great future for sheep farming .
Well , you 're worth a hell of a lot more than a land deed . Don 't blame him for this .|You don 't understand . That land is everything . Giving it over would have been too much to lose .
Sheep ?|What exactly have you got in mind , Marianne ?
What exactly have you got in mind , Marianne ?|To sell our land and take a ship to the South Island . Find some good pasture land .
Has he been up all night waiting on Vin ?|Might have run into some trouble . He got into trouble , all right .
You coming ?|DlCKY : Nice piece of land . Don 't blow it up too much .
Won 't need no extra men with what I got planned .|I 'll take no more chances with these dirty farmers or their seven hooligans .
Right !|These are the goods you lost in Philippine .
What benefit can we have if we help you ?|I can help you to take over his harcotic business in return . We 'll run a big business together in Hong Kong . Great !
An instinct for making money .|Personally I can never think of sheep without connecting them with Job in the Bible .
I can help you to take over his harcotic business in return . We 'll run a big business together in Hong Kong . Great !|Every piece of the jewelry is bigger than a yellow bean .
She may have a point .|You taking to following me around ? It 's getting out of hand .
You taking to following me around ? It 's getting out of hand .|Now , I ain 't judging you ...
Take a gun ! Hurry up !|Hold it ! Yours ! Quick !
You know that , William .|She has a morbid curiosity now about fighting and soldiers .
Any sign of O 'Shea ? Not yet . Maybe he finally understands that these people aren 't willing to give this up . I know I wouldn 't if it were mine .|Sounds like you wish it were . Oh , no , it 's just ... .
Hold it ! Yours ! Quick !|Hurry up !
Yes Tai , it 's uncanny the way you always bring a hammer down on the nail .|It 's really for Veronica 's sake !
Calm down ... Ok ! Let 's find a way to escape !|The two of you go up !
There 's a lot of things in my life I never pictured . But when I see Billy and Katie together , and what a great father Gerard is ... .|Sounds like you 'd be foolish to turn him down . It does , doesn 't it ?
Vin , we 'll see you back in town . We 're gonna stick around a couple days in case O 'Shea shows .|Don 't leave until you 're sure they 're safe . All right .
Previously on Over There . Kitchen 's done . Oh , uh , " negatory " on Junior 's room . Hah ! We 're making memories , all right . I think you 're just as crazy as you were the day I married you !|Bye , Frank . Mind your mom , Eddy .
Why isn 't there anyone ?|Come on !
Ah . Ow !|He 's been crying out all night again . I know . Thanks , Reggie .
He 's been crying out all night again . I know . Thanks , Reggie .|How you doing , soldier ? Yeah . It 's a hell of a thing to have happen to you , isn 't it ?
Yo , Mrs. B. , watch out . Let 's move . We 're moving up to camp . Cowboy , what 's going on back there ? I have no idea . They 're all trying to turn at the same time . All right . Unit 5 , back off . Unit 5 .|It 's gotta be 125 goddamn degrees out .
Yeah . He 'll need some time to get right .|I 'm sorry . It 's not your fault . It 's not yours either , soldier . You know that , don 't you ?
Jesus .|What , you got hemorrhoids or something , man ? You 've been eyeballing me all day . You volunteer for an extra watch ? Shoot .
Leave it alone . We can 't just do nothing . Yeah , we can . And that 's my point . A few days ago , some boys from SBK , they hit Los Espectros . We figure Los Espectros hit back . The streets are quiet ever since then , so we just gonna leave it alone .|I 'll be fine . I promise , Doc .
I 'll be fine . I promise , Doc .|Whoa . Excuse me . Uh , what 's all that about ? Shh .
Then why not come with us ?|The reason I gave .
You say there 's a chance he 's alive ? A slim one , yeah . Do you know who Frances is ? Darren was cheating on me . I 've known about it for months . When he didn 't come home last night , I figured he ran off with his girlfriend . Is her name is Frances ? I couldn 't tell you anything about her . It 's not like Darren was bringing her around .|But you want to know who that man was asking him about ? She 'd be my best guess . Say you 're right . It 's possible the man on the tape was working for some old flame of hers . He made it sound like Darren was keeping her someplace . Do you have any idea where that might be ?
I thought Marianne Ozanne must always be there .|No , I ... I know myself better than I used to .
Hi , um , did you husband leave this behind ? Yeah . I yelled at him about that the other day . He 's always tracking stuff from work into the house , ruining my towels . Right , yeah . This is , this is PVC solvent cement . It dissolves the surfaces of PVC pipes to form a weld . Now , Mr. Azoff is a drywaller . He 'd have no reason to use PVC cement . Also , I looked around the apartment , and there 's no recent work of this type been done here . Maybe it 's from work he did at a place he 's got Frances . BELL : I 'll check with Con Ed and the cable company , see if he has any accounts in his name for another residence .|My name 's not Frances . It 's Marjorie .
What ? Well , I 'm familiar with those projects where you and your family lived . Those apartments are too small not to hear anything . I think you 're withholding something from me . Something to keep you from finding the person that killed my brother ? You tell me . Yeah , go to hell . Look , if the killer strikes again , do you want Shinwell 's death on your conscience ? Say I did know something , why would I tell you ? I 've seen what happened to people that talk , and I got my sister and my moms to think about . Yeah , Shin was Jameel 's friend . But he 's a banger . He chose that life , I didn 't .|I got to get to class .
I have for years .|You certainly didn 't love me when I first came out here .
New message Leon can 't wait to see you .|What on earth is hydraulic fracturing ? No idea . Google is your best friend .
What on earth is hydraulic fracturing ? No idea . Google is your best friend .|I 'll be with you very soon .
I 'll ask anybody on this ward or anybody else you say . They 're all gonna say the same thing . I don 't care .|Might as well start with you , soldier . How are you doing tonight ? I 'm fine .
Angel , you and me , we take it out . The rest of you , hold your fire .|Fire !
The day is comin The drums are drummin' If you know one say a prayer|There 's mothers cryin
Where someone has to die|Over there Over there
Over there Over there|Where ours is not to reason why
And you love me , don 't you ?|Tai , I love William with every fibre of my being .
Tai , I love William with every fibre of my being .|But I love you too .
Except us . Didn 't you yell , " We 'll all die , " And run to the exit ? You never told me that . That 's not the point .|We narrowly escaped a terrorist attack . We could have been dead . It was probably aliens . No . It was a hacker attack . I 've always said , one day .
For the qualities you have that I 've tried to develop in him .|Yes , Tai , I love you .
We narrowly escaped a terrorist attack . We could have been dead . It was probably aliens . No . It was a hacker attack . I 've always said , one day .|They 'll hack the entire city .
They 'll hack the entire city .|Do you have any normal friends , lukas ?
No worries , I 'm no good at speeches .|I love you . Happy birthday .
Hey , the lights ! Back on . Finally . Man !|Yes . " Software glitch turns lights off In berlin . " yeah , right , me too . Hotel accident Contact details attached . Kaufmann . Downloading ... Download complete
Oh , no ! No , no , no !|How did it happen ?
Okay , that makes sense . Know what else makes sense ?|Sleep . Love you , dad . Good night . Love you too . Good night .
Sorry , but your daughter was dressed rather provocatively .|What are you saying ?
Lights out and off to bed ! The ny times wrote about it ! Our 15 minutes of fame . Ha ha ha !|Delete group and all content ?
I won 't forget you .|Ever .
Veronica is in the cabin .|Goodbye , William .
What ? Tracy 's volunteer centre . Carmel was killed six blocks from here .|Tracy have trouble with anyone here ? No . Everyone loved her . Just ask all of them .
You 're glad to get rid of a couple of trouble makers , eh ?|I 'd not have missed these years for anything !
Why not Travis Hall ? He OD 'd a week before she was killed . You take something away , it 'd be nice if you could add . I say the key is finding Lorinda . How close did you get ? The trail went cold on 9th . Where the girls aren 't girls , but boys being girls . They weren 't forthcoming about where they chased the female hookers . Gansevoort by the Meat Market .|What ? I remember it from canvassing . What are you looking at ? My man . Let 's go .
He attack somebody who matters ?|He 's right in front of her .
Just a moment .|Just a moment !
See a pattern ?|It 's like a string of paper dolls .
It 's like a string of paper dolls .|Detectives . Officer Ridley , we need you to come to the precinct with us . I know what this is about .
Are you mrs . Franke ? Yes . What 's that ? A parcel .|Your signature please .
Disaster , Marianne ?|If you hadn 't turned your life into a magnificent lie she 'd have certainly floundered .
How goes the psychological warfare ? It 's working ... on us , at least . How long has he been in there ?|45 minutes .
And if you hadn 't made that idiotic mistake in a girl 's name I 'd never known her .|Ready Mr Ozanne ? We 're about to cast off , Sir .
He 's ready .|That 's some nice police work .
I 'll catch up .|Okay .
May I see your id ? And please put your name on the list .|With pleasure .
Over and over !|To see if there is some way for me to live .
Its name is Tracy Henderson . Don 't jerk us around . 18 counts gets you the same lethal injection as 19 . Yes , I know .|And that 's why I want my record accurately documented .
I owe you an apology . My wife was in shock and she feels terrible .|We 're very grateful to you for catching Tracy 's killer . We wanted to thank you .
We 're very grateful to you for catching Tracy 's killer . We wanted to thank you .|Mr Henderson , I am sorry but the man we have in custody is not your daughter 's killer . But in the papers it was the way Tracy ... You said it was the guy . We intended to call you this morning .
Mr Henderson , I am sorry but the man we have in custody is not your daughter 's killer . But in the papers it was the way Tracy ... You said it was the guy . We intended to call you this morning .|Mr Henderson , I give you my word , we are going to find Tracy 's killer .
Maybe yes . Maybe something I don 't know about .|Look what came for us .
What am I supposed to think ?|That I love you ?
Anyone know what this guy 's story is ? He was a writer , according to the landlady .|A writer , huh ? Travel book , according to the landlady .
Ask yourself , my daughter .|Keep asking yourself .
Over there .|Hi .
What sauce , I wouldn 't go out with you !|Besides , we 've got a party on !
I need your help . What is this ? You think I have Nothing better to do than help you ?|It 's important . Or I wouldn 't have come . Wow !
Yes dear . Gentlemen !|Two years ago this group sponsored the organization of a steam ship company .
Two years ago this group sponsored the organization of a steam ship company .|Ay , look what the shares are quoted at today !
Virginia . I know this is hard , but we need to know .|Did he force you to touch him ?
Intercourse ?|I finally asked him to stop . That 's when Richard heard us .
Two thirds of all germans Can 't recall if they have dreamed .|What about you , mr . Franke ?
What about you , mr . Franke ?|What do you want from me ?
Yeah .|I found Richard and I knew what had happened . He died trying to protect me . I freaked out .
I want to know everything That you remember .|Let 's begin With a very simple question .
Why didn 't you ?|I didn 't have anybody to go to . Your mom says sometimes you borrow her clothes .
I didn 't have anybody to go to . Your mom says sometimes you borrow her clothes .|Mm . The underwear .
No idea .|I think he was a client of his .
Everyone just called him dalton . So I never asked .|And you paid this dalton a visit ? Why ?
And you paid this dalton a visit ? Why ?|Because he 's an expert . I have no idea about that stuff .
Because he 's an expert . I have no idea about that stuff .|Even updates make me nervous .
Sweetheart , can you get out of the picture ?|OK . One more .
There 's the little matter of desertion from Her Majesty 's Navy .|Come here .
Come here .|There .
Tell me what happened . I did what he liked .|What 's that ?
It 's taken me more than a year to arrange that .|" With due consideration it has been decided that William Ozanne is to be allowed to resign honourably from the Royal Navy .
" With due consideration it has been decided that William Ozanne is to be allowed to resign honourably from the Royal Navy .|And in regard to the charges of desertion it has instead been officially pronounced involuntary absence from duty "
What 's that ?|I got on his lap . The chair leans back .
I want to help you .|Give me the number .
You never knew what it cost me to leave my home .|To come out to this new country to marry you .
And when he was still , I picked up my underwear from the floor and I put it in his mouth .|And I left .
I want to go home , William !|I do so want to go home !
I do so want to go home !|May I look now ? No , not yet ! Now ? No , no , no !
May I look now ? No , not yet ! Now ? No , no , no !|Now ! That 's where mama was born .
He had this drive , this ... impulse to travel .|Like you .
But how will Father Christmas know we moved from New Zealand ?|Oh , he has ways of finding out !
Everything that I am , I learned from him .|He created me , man .
I lost all contact with him .|Here .
I have a child a little younger than Virginia .|When she was born , I used to take her to the playground and the grocery store , whatever .
Here Veronica !|See you may help mama .
Olivia saw it . You got too wrapped up .|I saw that girl like I saw my daughter .
I saw that girl like I saw my daughter .|As a victim . Not as someone capable of ... acting , or feeling , loving on their own .
If it was her , just admit defeat .|Yes , I admit defeat .
Mosley !|Chuck Mosley !
What is it , dear ?|Look mama !
Mrs Gallagher , we need to know .|Our girl was raped .
Our girl was raped .|That 's what happened to her .
What are you doing in my house ?|Search warrant .
He wasn 't here . It was a mistake .|I 'm sorry .
How long would it take ?|Realistically , a week .
Realistically , a week .|Okay , listen . Write on your napkin What you want to earn . If my napkin says more , You do it in three days . If your sum is higher , I 'm out of luck . Okay .
We wouldn 't have had Maureen .|Hey !
Yes dear .|Look , Mrs Ozanne , I found these two embroidered pillow cases .
The check , please .|Can I give you a ride anywhere ? I 'm getting picked up , I think . Can I at least buy you a drink ? That 's kind , but you needn 't wait . You 'd be doing me a favor . I need a good reason Not to go straight back to the office .
I suppose you used these when you were children .|This one will come in very well for Veronica .
Is that helpful ?|Very helpful , Professor . Thank you . We 're gonna be in touch with you .
No . I have nothing to do with them .|So why did they claim responsibility From your ip address ?
Finally she came out . At the top step she ... lost her footing . She laughed ... the way she always laughed .|Then she fell over her shoe . And down she went .
I touched her . Did you feel for her pulse ?|Or something else ?
Hello , my dear !|Tired yourself out , did you ?
What do you think I 'm planning ?|You 're making a bomb .
Bravo !|You 're great .
OK . Let 's go through it again , real slow .|What 've we got ? Kid was assaulted , strangled , left in a shallow grave .
Recognise anyone ?|Number three . Number three . He was by the school the day Ryan Davies disappeared . Are you sure ? That 's all for now .
You asked for my hand in marriage .|I didn 't lie .
Listen to me , Marianne , I love you . Listen to more lies ?|You never loved me .
You never loved me .|You loved her !
You loved her !|But you sent for me , why ? It wasn 't a lie . Why did you send for me ?
Christopher ?|Hey . I 'm Detective Benson . My partner , Detective Stabler . Christopher .
Let 's listen to a story .|Come here .
Come here .|" Achoo ! " , sneezed the little bird .
Now our whole marriage has just been a slip of the pen ?|Marianne .
Yeah , watch out . Do the bed . I 'll clean him up . Come on , chief . Here baby ...|Come on .
You never told me your first name .|Olivia . Olivia ? Origin of the name , Greek . Four syllables . Means olive tree .
There . I 've changed him , he 's in our bed .|He got it everywhere . Why does he do that ? It 's the 3rd time .
Please believe me , Marianne . I never told a living soul .|Oh , that 's not quite true .
He knew that you hated me ?|I thought I had reached the lowest depths of degradation .
I thought I had reached the lowest depths of degradation .|But I didn 't expect this !
He needs antibiotics .|He 'll never swallow them . He has trouble with bits .
So Tai knew ?|Of course he knew .
Of course he knew .|And now I understand everything .
And now I understand everything .|Why , you would never have married me if he hadn 't forced you into it . Would you 've , William ?
You got 24 hours . Not a minute more .|Hup !
Loop it around . Oh ! I could take your badge in for show and tell . Yeah , I 'll talk .|Looking for paedophiles , Dad ?
He walks funny , he doesn 't speak , he spits out what he eats .|He 's not starving to death ?
He 's not starving to death ?|He only eats mashed food . He 's taking his time .
Look , darling . It 's Mom and Dad onstage . See ?|And the pediatrician ? He 's taking his time , and boys are slower .
Sorry . Right , sweetheart ?|5th time 's the charm .
Have you forgotten , Sir ?|Thank you .
It looked like an animal had been in my place . Did you fantasise about what you 'd done ? It was the drugs . My biggest fantasy before that was maybe sitting by the window and waiting for the lady across the air shaft to take off her blouse .|Do you feel remorse for what you did to Christopher ?
The same movie .|He loves it ! He won 't watch any other . Right , Tom ?
Out of pity .|Oh , Marguerite , don 't you hear me ? Don 't you realise what I 'm saying ?
I don 't know what scared me more .|What had been done to the boy , or that the person who had done it was me .
Excuse us .|Cheers .
I knew he had an affection for you .|I made myself believe it was only a childish infatuation .
But you never know , do you ?|I 'd like to see these DNA results as soon as possible .
Someday , DNA testing will take 10 seconds . God help us all . This is Captain Donald Cragen of the sex crimes unit . We 're still waiting for results on sample number Oscar Charlie 7729 Apple . Yeah .|You did ? Well , thanks for telling us . What have we got ?
Anybody there ?|Darling , what are you doing ?
There is no question of forgiveness .|Marianne ?
Marianne ?|Your husband is here in my room
Wait . Take off your shoes .|One shoe .
We 're also looking for Ryan 's glasses .|Here 's the partial print from the boy 's glasses . Jimmy G 's print .
I ask you to do this for me .|Tell William that I have outgrown the young selfish love of a girl in her teens .
But if you jerk us around , we 'll bury you . Ryan did not deserve to die the way that he did .|You tell us what happened .
You tell us what happened .|I don 't know where to start . Where d 'you get the idea ?
Tell him this is the way everything was meant to be .|You were destined to accomplish his salvation .
I don 't know where to start . Where d 'you get the idea ?|Off the web . We were surfing and fell into this sex offender website . That 's where we found Mr Turbit .
That 's when we realised this freak lived in the neighbourhood . The site was specific , very specific , about what Mr Turbit had done . So specific it was like directions that were easy to follow . We got the idea in our heads and it was , like , too good to forget . It took over our minds . It was all Jimmy could talk about . At first , we just goofed around . Took Mr Turbit 's bike , moved it . Took his bike chain .|That chain . Jimmy always wondered what Turbit might do with the chain . Turbit could do anything . Tell me about the Friday when Ryan disappeared . We were in my garage , smoking . We see Ryan go by on his bike . Back and forth . We started making fun of him . 'Who let the retard out alone ? ' 'Whose bike was that ? How many candy bars did he sell to land that bike ? ' The bit about selling candy . That 's what it was . We just looked at each other .
I grabbed Turbit 's bike chain . We were just fooling when we took him out by the marshes . And then his glasses fell off . That 's when he really freaked out .|I had to hold him down .
But because I have been given everything .|Tell him this .
He just lay there .|Still . Kid was a loser , anyway .
Marianne , so there is to be no doubt in your mind . I 've come here to see Marguerite .|To tell her that as much as I loved her once my love is now only for my wife .
I 'll get it , Grandpa . No . I don 't want you going off the path by yourself .|Did you find it ?
Or your sister ?|I can 't spend my life asking them to watch Tom .
Richard was in a charming mood . I invited him up for dinner , for old time 's sake . He got drunk and then I was looking at Mr Hyde . He grabbed me and threw me down . And he told me to crawl to him and beg for forgiveness . And I did .|Probably saved your life . It wasn 't weak to face him in court .
We 'll find a solution .|The solution is I quit working . My great acting career that never started stops here .
Karen Fitzgerald gave me the strength to do that .|And after it was all over , do you know what Richard did ?
You know what the nanny said ?|That he isn 't like other kids , that he isn 't normal .
I don 't have any nerves . How about you ?|We 'll see .
" You 'll never save them .|" Take care of it . I won 't . "
It was something far greater than us !|Something beyond my control .
What is your age difference ?|27 years .
Did he say where he was going when he left ? To Manhattan . He was going to look up a special lady friend .|A policewoman . Huh . I told him he should drop her before she started taking from him . No offence . I understand that you people don 't make any real money . And for that you get to deal with filth . All day .
27 years .|Nothing is anodyne . A seemingly benign event can have a huge impact on a child 's development .
This love of yours .|This love that grew out of our marriage ?
You 're not you : how can he be him ?|Pardon ? You 're not you . So how can he be him ?
The passion ?|And tenderness ?
With our girls , we never ...|I have to go . There they are . Bye .
" It was I.|" Prankster ! "
Well , that 's a surprise . Yes . She started her own firm . She seems to be holding all the old grudges . Well , don 't blame me for that . Oh , it 's too bad . I was looking forward to facing you in court .|How 's L.A. treating you , Mr. Preston ? 85 degrees when I left . 32 degrees here . You tell me . I was thinking of signing clients in L.A. Yeah , great .
I tried but I was never able to relieve myself of them .|Layla knew me as the human ashtray . We met on the circuit .
I didn 't understand at first . I was scared .|But he promised it would be OK , so he took me and put a belt around my neck .
JENNA : Let 's get some lunch .|All right , dinner then .
Why do you think she said that ?|Do you think the same thing ?
Do you think the same thing ?|Can you tell me how your pregnancy went ?
Next time , I won 't say a thing .|Does it hurt when I touch it ? Where does it hurt ?
Who was that ? Um , it was my mom .|ROWBY : Okay , I don 't get ... So ... so then we lost ? No . Not yet . We 're not letting them win .
We 'll just vote without you , Diane . Sue , Andrew , Vickie , will you help me make some calls ? Come on . You need 18 for a quorum . You just lost it .|KALINDA : Peter ! Pete . Do I know you ? No , but you do know her . Marilyn Garbanza . Okay . And who are you ? Uh , I 'm an investigator working on an inheritance matter . There 's money due to Marilyn and the father of her baby . And you see this ? Says homecoming date , September 7 . That date matches the date of Marilyn 's conception . Okay ... So I thought ... you might be the father , given that it says " Old Flame " and old flames have a tendency to reignite at a reunion . Well , anyway , if it is you , uh , I have a few hundred thousand dollars coming your way .
There was some money . Hush money . The diamonds .|Yeah . Guess what ? We have them .
So you 're voting with me ?|Whatever you want .
Whatever you want .|ELI : No interruptions ! It 's Anne Stevens from the Tribune . What does she want ? You .
ELI : No interruptions ! It 's Anne Stevens from the Tribune . What does she want ? You .|Hello , Anne . You 're working late . I thought the Tribune was almost out of business . I need your comment on something , Eli . Wow , you 're sounding serious . I am serious . Tomorrow by 3 : 00 , or we run with it on the Web site . Run with what ? You 'll find out tomorrow . Hey . Give me a category , at least . A video .
Yes . " Here , now . "|That 's crazy .
He 's developing late , but ...|I don 't know . Maybe we missed something . We missed something ?
I ... I left the stool in his room , near the window . I just turned my back ... I caught him a the last minute . He 's fine .|I told you the void attracts him !
You got your hand caught in the cookie jar , Mr. Preston . You can 't pretend the cookie jar doesn 't exist . May I speak to you for a second , Mr. Gardner ?|I th ... I think we just won .
Which is still ... tonight . Er ... It was loud , so I put earplugs in . I couldn 't hear anything . I woke up and ... there was this guy , standing there staring at me , holding one of my shirts in his hand . He told me to shut my eyes . He told me he had a gun .|He got on top and jammed his knees on either side of my legs to keep them closed .
But you don 't think I can see the horrible faces you 're making ? What ? This my normal , everyday face . I can 't control the way I look .|No , it 's crap , isn 't it ? No , but maybe if it was fully rendered . No , I 'm canceling the presentation . No no no no . Don 't cancel the presentation . We can figure something out . No , it 's shit enough that I made you come in on a Sunday . You didn 't make me come in . I offered . I 'm happy to help . On what seems like a gay national holiday by the sounds of it .
Cheers , Patrick .|Cheers . It 's getting better .
Put him in daycare . I 've been waiting for months .|I can 't do it .
I can 't do it .|I 'm sorry , I can 't .
I 'm sorry . I 'm being horrible .|Must be the meat .
I see you made it to folsom , after all . Yes . Got yourself a nice top too .|Listen , I was ... I 'm sorry . I was just grabbing lunch and then I ran into those guys . We ended up getting sucked into the leather vortex . It 's fine . Jon wanted to get some sleep before his interview tomorrow , so I thought ... Um ... Should we get back ? Cool .
When he was ready , he moved hard five times .|He said , ' Is this the way you like it ? ' And he ejaculated on my stomach .
I would that the rose Were still on its briar|I have loved you for so long
It was , so ... he adjusted it till it was just right . And then he gently ... took off my gown so I could see to get in .|And then he washed me .
Here , watch .|Watch . Honey ... We got accepted in daycare , sweetheart .
Here 's his toys . It calms him down , mostly this one . Don 't worry .|Maybe he won 't play with the others . It 'll be fine .
He handed me a towel . He , er , he ... handed me the robe . He told me to get on the floor and look away .|Count to 20 .
Count to 20 .|He said he wasn 't going to insult me by asking me not to call the police .
There 's some things I need to do , to take care of . Like ?|I haven 't been enough a part of Rory 's life .
She couldn 't sleep . She took a shower and went to work .|How much pot did you smoke last night ? Why ?
How can we have sex ?|We 'll draw out the secret weapon like usual .
Yes , dear ?|There 's a lot more than an earlobe resemblance there .
You finished the cough syrup ? No , I didn 't touch it .|Tom ? Tom ? Tom ! Come on . Come on , let 's go .
I 'm going to kill that babysitter . I swear ! And I gave her 20 euros ... What an ass ! Stop it .|Go home . It 's best that one of us get some sleep . No way . I 'm staying with you .
You know , Christopher , we 're all like Rory 's parents around here ... and I 'm one of her mothers .|And since you 're her father ... that would make us ... a couple .
Really ? Why ? He 's violent .|They can 't manage . It 's too demanding . It 's their job to watch over kids . Even they don 't know how to handle him ...
Bookstore . Good . Come on .|Christopher , Jackson Melville .
Did he use a condom ?|No , he , er ...
I 've gotta see my parents .|Ladies and gentlemen , the drama king and queen of Connecticut .
And the play ?|Huh ?
Huh ?|He can 't stay in daycare ? Can 't we hire a lawyer ? We 'll sue them ... He hurts others , he doesn 't sleep . It 's not good for him . He isn 't happy .
She 'd lost her job because she hardly ever slept .|At first , she could only sleep during the day . When she slept at night every light had to be on , which meant I couldn 't sleep . My boss was getting on my case . Must 've been very hard for you . She couldn 't sit through a movie . She started working out like a fiend , dressing differently .
Here .|There . How 's that ?
She always wore her running shoes . Even when she would sleep . Even under the covers .|She thought if she 'd had them on , maybe she could 've ... Did she see a therapist ? She never shed a tear . We never had sex again . A few months ago , she broke up with me .
I don 't want a 2d child .|I want an abortion .
I 'm just unbelievably touched and grateful for what you said to him ... for defending me like that . I know it was hard for you because ...|But thank you .
I feel indescribably sad for you right now , Dad .|Save your emotions . I 've had my fill of them tonight .
I don 't want any more help .|Then , come back with us for us .
Let 's face it , he 's a big ass .|I know you heard a lot of talk on various disappointments this evening . I know you 've heard a lot of talk about it in the past . But I wanna make this very clear . You , young lady ... your person and your existence have never ever been , not even for a second ... included in that list .
I made the honor all again this year , mommy . And daddy bought me a new violin , I practice everyday .|I know daddy misses you a lot , even though he doesn 't always say so . Do you want to say hi , uncle Larry ? You tell her for me , kid . Uncle Larry says hi . I love you , mommy . I know you 're watching over me .
Are you ok ?|Come on ...
No . I thought it was all in the past .|Yeah , I know where that is . No . Don 't move . I 'll be there .
Sugar .|Sugar cravings . Late night trips to the projects ... might be supporting a drug habit . That 's one way to cope with a city job . I haven 't decided on a partner for you yet . I 'm a get along kind of guy . Just glad to be here .
Even if you hadn 't gotten pregnant and everything had gone as planned ... I still would 've never made it through Princeton . I don 't believe that .|That 's why you 're you and I 'm not .
Well , you 're right . It 's the smallest one in the squad . And it 's behind this pillar . It wobbles . But you know what , Mike ? It 's yours . It 's in Major case . You earned your shot here .|So be happy .
I 'm afraid he 'll die .|What are you talking about ?
Nice desk .|Have you checked his LUDs ? Maybe he had a connection in the projects . Or it 's about the personal call he got before he left work . He brought a gun . Maybe someone he knew was in trouble . You gonna just leave him there ? Where I can see him . I burned a couple of favors to get him here . We 'll see .
... that it may be so . There 's no possible comparison . It 's like they 're not the same child . 4 times 5 ? Once taken charge of , the children can be practically normally schooled .|The progress isn 't immediate . There 's no miracle .
Rory needs her dad .|Or her pal , right ?
Found him . Taft Housing Projects Thursday , August 18|Tracks over tracks . He 's been dirty a long time . Elevator 's been out of service the last three days . But it happens once a month , so nobody thought it worth mentioning . It 's a blunt force wound . Doesn 't look like it should 've been fatal . Who you got living on this floor ? Grandmothers , families , and a jailbird drug dealer name 'a Raynard .
You from the Taft houses ?|I used to do vertical patrols there when , way back when . Ride the elevators . Check the roof .
Dad wants to know if you 'll reconsider .|She says , ' Nope , Offspring sucks and Metallica rules . '
She says , ' Nope , Offspring sucks and Metallica rules . '|Fair enough .
Ah . Dad , I need my Hulk hand . But I need it .|Fine , take it .
Fine , take it .|Hey ! Psst ! There 's no one here . It 's just you and me . Do it ! Do it ! No one will know . I can 't . I gotta stop . But I 'm so cold ! No , you 're not . You 're just trying to trick me . I just wanna go home . Help me . Help me go home . Please ?
I don 't think Larry had any immediate plans to quit .|He got a family that he 's close to .
What are you reading there ? It 's a book about ways kids can make themselves feel better when people they love die .|Sorry about your uncle . He was a troubled soul . He took drugs to make the pain go away . He 's with my mom in heaven now .
And what a beautiful home . Except the windows are a little low to the ground . It 'd be real easy for someone to climb in late at night and sniff your hair while you 're asleep .|Ow ! Sweet biscuits !
Accidents ? Larry 's death was no accident . Nicole says they happen in every family . She was on the loose in December .|That 's around the time Evan 's wife died . Another accidental death ?
Dude , seriously ? !|This did not go great , but I think we can get it back on track if we work together . In high school , they called me Kiss Kristofferson . Okay , if I let you kiss me right now and I tell you it was the greatest kiss I 've ever had in my whole life , even if I don 't mean it , will you shut up and help Tom ? Well , let 's ... just ... find ... out .
I was so afraid that ... my arrest on top of everything else ... Larry 's death is a blessing for both of us . I relied too much on him . This is going to be a new time for me . For us .|Monica Chapel 's death was ruled an accidental suffocation . The flue in the hot water heater malfunctioned . The house filled with carbon monoxide . She died in her sleep . She was alone in the house . Evan and Gwen were on an overnight trip to check out a boarding school . You know , in Larry 's apartment , in the drawer where he kept his NA meeting book , he had , um , appliance manuals . A manual for a Bach gas water heater . That 's what the Chapels had , a Bach . But Larry lived in an apartment . He wouldn 't need a manual for a gas water heater .
New Haven , Connecticut ? I have a motel charge on Evan 's credit card statement for one night . There 's another two charges in November .|Another one in December and January . Charges stopped when Nicole started working at the library .
I would just like to say that ... women kill bands . Down with Yoko !|What I meant is ... I need to get the band back , and I can 't do it without you .
Okay . They always say the mean ones are the strongest . Come here ! Jules , what 's going on ? Well , we all got together to help you get the girl .|You said Tom was holding people hostage and I had to talk him down . You also said ... karate chopping the air makes you run faster , and I 'm pretty sure that 's not the case . I think you just weren 't doing it right . Oh , look ! Tom is here ! What a coincidence . And he 's great .
Christophe , I want to fight , but not alone . You 're leaving me ? No at all . Why ? Are you crazy ?|I 'll never leave you . I love you too much . If you love me , stop drinking . You choose .
Could I talk to you , please ? Sure , no problem . Come here .|My son is autistic ... and I feel it 's my fault .
I think with all the excitement today , I should spend some quality time alone with Gwen . She asked me to stay , and I told her yes . I 'm putting her to bed early . I promised her .|Why don 't you make some popcorn , daddy ?
She suspected what he was up to . What are you saying ? That it 's Evan . Evan and Larry that killed his wife . And they plan to kill Gwen . Now , Nicole tried to stop it by killing Larry . But she was wrong , it couldn 't stop Evan . Maybe it 's you who 's wrong . No . No , she wanted to tell me , but I didn 't give her the chance .|I 'm still here . I haven 't run . Well , you won 't .
No human weapons had a chance against them .|17 days after the war started , the creatures occupied half the world .
Where is she ?|Yes . I 'll be right there .
The Stone is a crystal with amazing powers that some can harness and control .|That 's us , the modern day ninja .
One day , Gwen will do something . Or maybe she 'll do nothing , and you will snap . No , no , that won 't happen . Yes , you are not safe to be around , Nicole .|Too much damage has been done . With her I 'll be healed . It 'll be all right . No . If you want to save yourself , you have to face up to who you are .
I 'm sure it 's nothing . I 'm tired is all .|The baby is fine .
The number of immigrants has reached 9 million .|As tension of the surrounding regions reached a new high , the police is considering the reinforcement of the guard force .
It 's Evan 's housekeeper . Gwen didn 't come home from school .|Well , it 's Nicole .
A film based on the true story of Gersende and Francis Perrin .|Diagnosed at age 3 , their son Louis can now communicate with others .
Three days , 200 leads , and zip .|You may have to graduate her to the back of a milk carton and move on , huh ? Goren , line two . Logan , I want you to meet somebody .
Sometimes ... things just happen to you .|They just happen .
Are these for the mission ?|Going undercover as a regular girl has its price !
They just happen .|You can 't help it .
You have a message .|You were right , Bobby . I couldn 't take the chance . This is one more thing you 've taken from me . I 'll put a trace on the call .
Please , my wife .|I was on the phone with my wife .
Watch out ! You 're the one hacking it !|Why hack it when you have authorized access ? Hacking 's easier than doing it legally .
Accept that you 're a bad cook . I 'll come and see you when I can , Mom .|Don 't worry , mom . I 'll come soon .
I was , I was hoping for more . I 'll go another 500 for that Hamilton .|No , not my father 's watch . He gave it to me in the hospital . It 's hard to part with family things . Maybe 600 .
Okay , bye ... hey ! One moment ! Follow the doctor 's instructions and take your medicine so you 'll get better .|Thank you .
Hope this girl 's worth it .|Sorry to be running you around like this for just a stupid watch band . Miss , if I didn 't sell bands , I couldn 't pay the rent . Spotty leopard . What about in back ? Anything you haven 't put out yet ? Let me check .
I was on the phone with my wife .|Where 's my phone ? Sir , stay calm . We 're gonna take care of you . But I 've got to call my wife . Please .
What is it ?|What are you thinking ?
The day has come .|The enemy will target the ISO meeting where scientists , officials and capitalists will gather from around the world .
Shut up ! Nobody move ! You !|Diamonds in there !
It 's Operation Last Suicide . Operation ... Last Suicide ? This is your first combat mission .|But fight as if it 's your last . Roger .
But fight as if it 's your last . Roger .|Look at that !
Don 't move ! Don 't move !|Shut up ! Go ! Go ! Come on ! Come on !
Could have come over any time .|Your dad hates me .
Enemy at 701 B.|Request reinforcements !
We got the tape cued up .|40 minutes . Didn 't knock out the camera . It doesn 't ... care who sees him . Hey , Barak . Security tape 'ready .
An antique watch .|Something else for the pawnbroker 's bulletin .
Cherry tomatos , they 're from my garden .|Well , what else you grow ? Cabbage .
You take care of me .|Get some sleep , all right ?
Rum punch .|Private joke .
Private joke .|There she is . The 3 : 10 to Yuma .
I told you there were more stories about the night of Jessica 's party , so here it goes .|Clay !
Hey , police ! How you doing ?|Boaz ?
Boaz ?|Hey , you got badges too , huh ?
You don 't like talking to guys you don 't know , huh ? But you 'll talk to girls ? Only if they talk to me first . Last week , it was a girl who asked you who was away ? She was nice . She gave me this cartoon badge . And guess what ? It 's from Japan . What else do you remember about her ? Black hair . And guess what ? A hat .|Yeah , I remember her now . She was in early in the day running Daniel around for a watchband . Think you can improve on this sketch ? Sure .
You 're going nowhere !|Son of a bitch !
Son of a bitch !|Jun ! Roger that .
The boogie 's 2km from Command Central and closing in .|That 's in 3 minutes .
The mouth was poutier .|Tell our artist about her pouty mouth .
Uh , yeah , I kind of am . Looked like shit was happening for you in there .|Did it ? Didn 't it ? I don 't know , man , I just ...
Thanks , Jeff . I 'm gonna ... take a long walk home and consider the wreckage that is my life .|You 're a funny dude , Clay .
One , two !|Ouch !
Something happen ? Somebody came in ? He just changed his mind . He was looking at engagement rings . And he said that he was in love with love , so he killed my husband of 22 years .|I 'm very sorry , Mrs. Crais . We 're gonna get someone to take you home . No , I wanna stay with Lucas .
What 's wrong ?|Jun , stay on the job .
One , two , three . Plus two in the back wall is nine .|He shot out the camera . He 's getting smarter . Angrier . Fired nine shots in all . He 's losing control . What 's that ? Pool chalk . It was on his hands . Transferred to the lady 's blouse when he grabbed her . Maybe he played a game to steady his nerves before he came here . Any good with a stick ?
Fortran 's Bar Long Island City , New York Saturday , September 10 This got to do will all those sirens a couple hours ago ? Sir , you answered our question with a question .|You 're not hiding anything , are you ? Okay , there was a guy in here around 1 . Might be this guy . Did he shoot any games with this crowd ? No , people made him as a hustler and stayed away . I think I left my pad in the car . I 'll be right back .
Do you know him ?|Okay , this is the last wire .
No , I got it .|You sure you 're okay ? You don 't want me to grab you a water or something ?
10 seconds !|8 !
Now I 'm gonna pound my fist on the table , okay ?|That 's the Logan I expected .
7 !|6 !
Thanks , pal .|Whoa , back up speed racer .
I kind of liked the music . Did you like the music ? Sheri . What ?|I have to tell you ...
George ...|Ken , do you know him ?
Ken , do you know him ?|You siblings ask the same questions !
It 's the same guy , Maya . Robbing the same jewelry stores you were in . Me at a jewelry store ? Do I look like I 'm getting married ? You don 't wise up , you 're gonna take the weight for everything he 's done . Two murders , two robberies . I wanna talk to my lawyer .|Fresh tracks . Is that all since you left the squat ? You didn 't used to like needles , did you ? You used to snort heroin , until you met this boy .
Fresh tracks . Is that all since you left the squat ? You didn 't used to like needles , did you ? You used to snort heroin , until you met this boy .|Does he fix you up ? Is that his idea ? Nobody tells me anything .
Lawyer .|You 're sitting in the lawyer 's chair . We need you to move .
Good to meet you .|You too .
Not if you tell them that you 're staying at my house tonight .|I like this plan . Yeah , just sleep it off at my place , and your folks will never know .
And you !|" ISO Far East "
Let 's go .|We got another one . Back in the Bronx .
Oh , my God .|Oh , shit .
Missions come first .|If I was in trouble , you should stay on the job .
Captain .|I don 't wanna become an issue here . You quitting ? No . But the bodies are piling up . Look , it 's not about me making a bust . It 's about catching this guy . You become a problem for me , I 'll be the first to tell you .
Oh , my God , look , I wasn 't drunk . I told you , I wasn 't drunk . I know , I know .|My dad 's gonna kill me . The car is fine .
I need help . My phone 's dead . Chargers are right over there by the beef jerky . No listen . There 's been an accident . I need to make a call .|Sorry , we don 't have a pay phone .
Sorry , we don 't have a pay phone .|Give me your phone .
Hey ... black wig .|The one Dede wore to ride the getaway car .
We 'll rescue them one day .|Yes ! I 'll cook for him one day .
I miss her , mom . The police have her , Johnny . There 's nothing we can do . We ... We could bust her out ! Don 't be stupid . I 'll get you another . Next one 's for Maya !|Maya didn 't just OD . She sent the tox screen off the chart .
I was taught in catechism , even the worst sinner deserves our compassion . Yeah ? Yours , maybe . I 'll save mine . These dumps off aunt Ruthie 's phone . Two hours after each robbery there 's four , five calls to the same pool hall . Pepe 's in Brooklyn . And only after each robbery . Maybe Johnny 's got a pool hall fence .|Third table on the right . The tall guy . He 's got a jeweler 's loop hanging around his neck .
Third table on the right . The tall guy . He 's got a jeweler 's loop hanging around his neck .|Hi .
No , that 's all . Thank you .|Thank you . Do you still want that charger ?
Thank you . Do you still want that charger ?|So , yeah , that 's the terrible decision .
Rubbing his shoulders , playing with his hair . Like he 's her toy poodle .|Bust out . How much he lose ? Everything he had , about 12 grand . Half a million in jewelry . Fence takes his cut . What they don 't spend on smack he loses in ... 57 minutes . Uh , can you back up there , please ? There .
Naomi ...|Naomi .
Do you remember what the call was about ? I think it might have been , like , a traffic thing .|I can 't remember .
Who 's the real beauty , the ring or the girl ?|What do you think , ring or girl ? Oh , I have to go with the girl . Always the girl . Like my Rosie . I 'm with him . Go with the girl . But then , I 'm in love with love .
I didn 't ask you .|There 's nothing on your profile about you rejecting Jun.
There 's nothing on your profile about you rejecting Jun.|How 's Europe ?
Where is she , Johnny ? Where 's your mother ? Every cop in this city has a shoot to kill order . You don 't want anything to happen to her , do you ? She 's got nothing to do with this ! You can 't believe what Maya told you ! My mom doesn 't even know I 'm in here ! She 's just out being a mom ! Where ?|Drop the laundry bag , Dede !
When we rush to refugees ' SOS signals , we find a pile of bodies .|Galactors get there first .
Hey , if you wanna vent on your mom , you 've got our permission . I got nothing to vent . I 'm not angry at her . My partner knows about that kind of anger .|His mother used to send him out to buy booze for her .
His mother used to send him out to buy booze for her .|Tell Johnny how she used to thank you . He needs to hear it .
We owe it to Hannah ... to Hannah , to fight this .|And we owe it to the next kid to make sure ... this doesn 't happen again .
And we owe it to the next kid to make sure ... this doesn 't happen again .|How can I help you ?
Sheri .|Do you have a minute ?
Hey , guys , do what ? If Justin doesn 't want to find out , I should show someone else . Yeah , okay . Okay , let 's go . Damn , man , give me a chance .|Really ?
No !|What are you gonna do about this , Johnny ?
What are you gonna do about this , Johnny ?|You wanna tell us what happened ?
And me ...|I just want to avenge Naomi 's death .
Really ?|Are you gonna tell anyone ? We have to tell somebody .
For all we know , it wasn 't the sign that caused the problem . You know that ?|Or you just want to believe it ?
Or you just want to believe it ?|This is why I didn 't want you to listen to my tape . I didn 't ... You wanted to keep your secret . No .
Dr. Kirkland .|My tests show positive results .
Your mom , she deserves better .|I wanted to pawn that gun after I stole it . But mom said to use it to do jewelry stores . She knew the ones to hit . She drove me to them . She said ...
This is why I didn 't want you to listen to my tape . I didn 't ... You wanted to keep your secret . No .|Because I didn 't want you judging me for the worst thing I 've ever done .
And you will not oppose me .|Excuse me .
And I 'm trying to make up for it .|Will you just meet me after school ?
Do you hear me ? You go to hell . I should have left you in that foster home . Should have left you in that foster home ! Who would have mothered you then , Johnny , huh ? You answer me , some foster mother ? There is no mothering like real mothering ! You hear me , Johnny ! Go to hell ! You got no one , Johnny . You 're all alone .|Should have warned him don 't expect any thanks .
Why ? So that I can show you , before you go tell the world what I did .|Give me a chance to prove to you that I 'm not like everyone else on the tapes .
I want your opinion as a leader about George .|He might disobey and disrupt the prime directive .
Give me a chance to prove to you that I 'm not like everyone else on the tapes .|Fine . I 'll come .
Like you did 5 years ago ?|Yes .
Hey , man .|Yesterday , I told the boss I messed up . What , you got a thing for me , hmm ? Take your beer and get out of here .
A wedding ring ? No , no , Hope left it in a restaurant . Can you excuse me ?|You going to the gym ?
Hey , Alex , I 'm ... fine .|Can 't believe this fucking school .
Can 't believe this fucking school .|They 're already putting up drunk driving posters .
I thought I was gonna die . You receive any threats recently ?|No . No . Everything 's been fine .
Whatever . Whatever ? He was driving drunk . It was stupid . Yeah , but ...|I mean , aren 't you sad ?
In the meantime we got orders to protect an informant .|He knows all about Operation Last Suicide .
I mean , aren 't you sad ?|More pissed off .
Is he reliable ?|Yes .
I mean , like ... right now , maybe it 's easier being mad at him than being sad .|That 's cool . But ... I also think that maybe someday you might feel worse if all you were today was mad , you know what I mean ?
Galactor 's number 2 .|After failing to oust Berg Katze , Ilia sought asylum in Tokyo .
After failing to oust Berg Katze , Ilia sought asylum in Tokyo .|Berg Katze came after him .
Yeah , he 'd have him , he 'd have him tie his own hand before he cuffed the other .|Bill lied ? Great .
Our job is to protect Ilia and stop Last Suicide .|Roger that .
Proof of life , the phone call , the letter . Maybe a ransom demand . The ring would be proof of life . The gym bag he wouldn 't let Hope touch . He might have been making a ransom drop . And it went bad . Maybe he was terrified to say anything if somebody 's life was in danger . A guy with no family . I doubt they kidnapped his cleaning lady . A man without a past who went to college . Either this book had another owner , or the warden had another name . Saranac .|A neighbor called , thinks he knows you from Saranac lake .
George .|I 'm warning you .
It takes a tragedy like this one , unfortunately , to remind us how important it is to be safe ... to be sober ... and never drink and drive .|Clay ?
Don 't kill Ilia .|And put the future before revenge ?
And put the future before revenge ?|Right .
About what ?|About what happened .
It was our intersection .|The accident happened at the same intersection . I said I don 't want to talk about it .
Talk to me , Jinpei .|One minute .
Okay .|Please .
Please .|Alight .
Oh , god !|Is he all right ? I want to see him . He 's fine . He 's anxious to see you . He 's close by . He 's a warden in Manhattan . No , Mitch ... I wanna see Mitch ! You 've arrested him . I want to see him . I love him !
And it 's probably best if ... we just stay away from each other .|I just needed to be alone .
Wait . What about drama ? No more drama .|All good . No , drama class .
Place your hand there .|Jinpei , now .
All good . No , drama class .|You 're thinking about drama class ? If they walk in during first period , it 's going to be awkward , no ? We 'll tell them we 're rehearsing a love scene . They 're theater nerds . It would help them to know what actual sex looks like .
Fail again ...|Alight .
Come on .|Where 's the fucking switch ?
We found it under the bed . It doesn 't look like it 's been fired in ages . Got something here .|Bill 's 50 grand . Talk about a wishing well . Yeah , one they didn 't know they had . Excuse me .
Fuck this .|I 'm out .
Place your hand there .|Sir , your hand .
I always knew that I 'd see you again .|He stood on the crate . He ... tied up his right hand . Wrapped the barbed wire around himself . Handcuffed his left hand . He was suspended off the ground when they found him . Yeah , he might 've waited to see someone coming , and then ... kicked the crate away . And that carries the risk somebody might see him kicking it . Yeah .
I 'm out .|Bye !
Shit .|Hey , I saw you talking to Clay .
He didn 't say .|You like Clay , don 't you ? Of course I do . I always have . I always liked him too . He was always nice to me before . Tyler , what do you want ?
You like Clay , don 't you ? Of course I do . I always have . I always liked him too . He was always nice to me before . Tyler , what do you want ?|Let 's talk to him . You and me . The other kids want to bring him down , but we could talk to him . He might listen to us .
Please .|Okay .
Let 's talk to him . You and me . The other kids want to bring him down , but we could talk to him . He might listen to us .|Sheri , is this freak bothering you ?
I love your tie .|My mistake . Not at all .
Fuck you , Alex . No thanks , Monty , you 're not man enough .|Okay .
Maybe a little .|We can go back to my place .
Mine won 't be home for a couple of days .|You 're not gonna get me in trouble , are you , Jess ?
Leave it alone .|It might get in our way ! It won 't ! Don 't get me wrong .
Jenny was helping us wrap up some loose ends . It 'll go faster if we talk to you together . Oh , sure , sure . Anything we can do to put this behind us , huh ? Hey . Here .|Oh , you 've been looking through this . Yeah , detective Goren left it behind . I was very impressed . Especially the pyramid . Yes . It 's , it 's excellent . I found it inspirational , didn 't you ? Very . My Jenny is a talented woman .
We loved each other .|Ken was happy for us .
Ken was happy for us .|You two were great together .
And the store .|He 's the one who gave us the magazine .
Mr. Taglioti ? Jackie said you were having car troubles . Yeah , I think it 's probably the battery . Only my guys can 't find it to fix it . That 's because it 's under the back seat . Who knew ?|What the hell ? Don 't touch anything . What do you mean , don 't touch anything ?
What the hell ? Don 't touch anything . What do you mean , don 't touch anything ?|I know things you don 't . I know Big Georgie put up the money . The cheap bastard got what he paid for . Got it ? Yeah .
Did you just ask me to marry you ?|Marry me , Naomi .
I know things you don 't . I know Big Georgie put up the money . The cheap bastard got what he paid for . Got it ? Yeah .|Big Georgie , huh ? Thanks .
Call me back in 15 .|You 're carrying a lot of stress here . Yeah , tell me about it . I 'm gonna get you a heating pad .
We probably shouldn 't be speaking ... He was close with Hannah .|Did you know that ?
He misses her very much .|That 's nice .
She said Yes ! You 're supposed to hug me !|Naomi . I 'll protect you .
My son is worth everything to me , as I 'm sure Hannah is to you .|And if I lost him ... felt someone had taken him from me , I would pursue any remedy possible . Yes . But I don 't know any amount of money would suffice .
What do you want from me ?|Where am I ? What 's going on ?
I think I would only settle for the truth ... whether I liked it or not .|What the hell ?
Did you or your wife talk to him ? My wife passed away two years ago . I was on duty Saturday . But I could tell he 'd been home . One last thing , officer . If there were one thing that you 'd want us to know about Joe , what would it be ? He has a good heart . To a fault ... He has a good heart .|Collina 's Bar Queens , New York Wednesday , September 28 Joey was here . Same as every Saturday . Always with the same pals . If somebody was looking for him , this 'd be the place they 'd find him ? I guess . Did he stick with his friends all night ? Yeah , he found an excuse to chat me up . He 's a shy guy . It only took him three months to ask me for my number . What was the excuse ? He came over to me at the bar and asked to borrow a nutcrack .
Nutcracker ? Guy 's a mechanic , right ?|Well , he might have borrowed it to make a quick adjustment on somebody 's car . Tighten the fan belt , maybe . Probably just a pretext to get him out here . A friend wouldn 't need a pretext . So he did a favor for a stranger . A stranger who knew that he was a mechanic . A kid with a good heart , huh ?
I 've seen your profiles .|Unmask yourselves so I can verify your identities .
One hit .|Stunned him . Scrape , not deep . No other marks .
Sounds like they weren 't sure they had the right Joe Long .|How could they kill Joe like that by mistake ? Mr. Long , we vetted your son , his work , his friends . There was no connection to the people who killed him . What people ? The Lucheses and the Masuccis each take a piece of the barge traffic . We can 't find a reason why they 'd kill your son , other than mistaken identity . Those animals . God , those animals ! You let us handle it , officer . Okay ?
This came in . The dump 's off his phone . Since last Thursday , he 's made over 100 calls to an unregistered cell number . One of 27 numbers OCID has traced back to a George Branson . Big Georgie the bookie . The calls are all under a minute . Find out why Big Georgie 's not answering .|Home of " Big Georgie " Branson Brooklyn , New York Friday , September 30
Home of " Big Georgie " Branson Brooklyn , New York Friday , September 30|Mr. Branson , it 's the police .
Aren 't you hungry ?|Of course !
Mr. Branson , it 's the police .|Mr. Branson ?
Mr. Branson ?|Mailbox full .
Here , let me get that . Hey , daddy , where were you ? Just taking a walk . Work up my appetite .|This friend I trust .
The next time I stopped by , they invited me for dinner .|The next time after that , I helped hang pictures , and now I just spend time with them , help around the house .
Will you shoot me ?|Put the gun down .
They seem to like you . Yeah , they 're cute .|They remind me of my grandparents .
You can 't keep this secret anymore .|It 's my secret , not yours .
You loved Naomi , too . Didn 't you ?|Don 't make me ... shoot you .
Yeah , so just like ...|Only actors in Hollywood hold it that way .
Mints fell out of his glove box . Do we have the location of his last phone call ? Mile four of the Van Wyck , next to the cemetery .|Well , he 'd go for his registration if he was being pulled over . He 'd take it out of his glove box and have it ready . And if they didn 't ask for it , he 'd put it in his pocket .
I 'll leave . A Receptor can 't retire from duty .|You 'll be transferred to the Far East facility .
Well , he 'd go for his registration if he was being pulled over . He 'd take it out of his glove box and have it ready . And if they didn 't ask for it , he 'd put it in his pocket .|These ligature marks ... Handcuffs . A cop grabbed him off the highway . Delivered him to Taglioti . A cop working for the mob . How low can you go ?
Damn .|Damn you ... I 'm damn stupid !
Breathe in .|Breathe out .
Jeff was so fond of you . You helped him so much with his grades .|It kept him playing ball , as a matter of fact .
How come we haven 't met you before if you 're such a good friend ?|Harris .
Kill me if you want to .|You 're free to do so .
Jeff and I ... we were just friends at school , I guess .|But he was older than me , and on the baseball team and everything , and I wasn 't really anybody .
You loved that woman .|And I killed her and took her away from you .
Well ... you were to him .|Yeah .
What 's the Last Suicide ?|I see .
I see .|Maybe you 're the one who caused that woman 's death .
I swear , sometimes we 'd forget Virgini was a cop .|Well , if Virgini 's daughter 's ever gonna tell us what she knows , somebody 's gonna have to knock the stardust out of her eyes . There 's only one person who can do that .
What about it ?|I was the first person to get there .
I was the first person to get there .|I was walking home ... and I heard the crash .
I was walking home ... and I heard the crash .|I found Jeff .
It 's all hunches and Phil Bartoli .|And you 're right about things taking on a life of their own . I 've seen it too many times . Good cops held back . Ruined , even . Yeah , well , you take your lumps like a good boy . And even then , they never let you forget .
Or you can give him a message .|I have to confess my sin .
Get in the car . Get in the car . Get in the car ! I need you to be quiet . It 's okay .|Come on . The washrooms are there , okay ? There 's a bathroom , there 's towels . There 's a robe . He followed us ! He followed us ! Oh , my god . Okay , okay . It 's okay , girls . It 's okay . Stay here .
I killed your wife .|I didn 't just kill her .
Leave us alone !|What 's going on ? Stop ! Stop it ! Take that hand off .
And didn 't leave a message .|I wanted to tell them .
I couldn 't .|I know it was guilt I was feeling .
" Crema blanqueadora . " Skin lightener . He can charge more for girls with lighter skin .|There 's mercury in this . Mercury , that 's why your eyebrows fell out . Because of this . You see where Enrique bought this ?
That 's terrible decision number two .|That 's up next .
That 's up next .|That 's another sad and stupid story .
Why ? Do we wait for them to attack Tokyo ?|Dr. Kirkland 's plan is going ahead .
There 's so much wrong in the world .|There 's so much hurt .
There 's so much hurt .|I couldn 't take knowing I 'd made it worse .
I thought you 'd be here .|I think I will join you .
Ken !|What 's that ... ?
Olivia 's right . Dorothy spent her whole life sacrificing for others . Was her office open on Thursday ? Uh , closed , but not locked .|You have a key for this ? What about a computer ? Dorothy spent the tech boom cloistered in a convent upstate . She still used carbon paper . I 'll be upstairs if you need anything .
I think I will join you .|I found Jeff .
I was the first person at that accident , and I found him .|In his car .
In his car .|Dead . Jesus , Clay .
Home , studying by yourself ? Yes . Eddie Roberts is happily single . It 's the only way to get things done .|Alex Eames says he 's a big phony .
That 's why he searched her office . He confronted her , and she wouldn 't help . So he killed her .|This woman Sister Dorothy died protecting , I hope she 's worth it .
I didn 't mean to scare the girls . I know . Oh , uh ... here , take this .|I 'll call you regularly . You 'll be happy there , I promise . Pray for me , okay ?
You afraid ?|Yeah .
But she ...|She loves me like a son .
She loves me like a son .|So I want to spend this time with her .
I was conducting a statistical study of anemia . Why , you know somebody with anemia ? Thyroid ? Hepatitis ? No , why would you ask me such a thing ? Maybe your girlfriend , or ...|Sister Dorothy had a shelter upstate for battered women . Maybe that 's why you went to see her , to find one of your old battered girlfriends .
It 's a picture of his mother , Eddie , and his older brother . Eddie 's fascinated with baking . Bakers trade magazines , food service newsletters , and the bakery section from the phone directory with bakeries checked off .|For a guy whose oven 's never been turned on . I wonder who does the baking at the church .
He 's a Receptor . Take him away .|I had a reason to fight .
Did I kill Hannah ?|We all let her down . That 's not what I asked . Did I kill Hannah Baker ?
Help ...|Well ...
Maybe this is what he was hiding .|1988 . Gravesend , sure . Victim still in coma . They never caught the guy . There was only one eyewitness . And the eyewitness was a woman , Angie Delmarco . The cards missing from Sister Dorothy 's rolodex , the letters D and M. That 's who Eddie 's looking for . The speculation is that ... she maybe died from an overdose . I don 't know about died , but maybe gone to heaven ?
1988 . Gravesend , sure . Victim still in coma . They never caught the guy . There was only one eyewitness . And the eyewitness was a woman , Angie Delmarco . The cards missing from Sister Dorothy 's rolodex , the letters D and M. That 's who Eddie 's looking for . The speculation is that ... she maybe died from an overdose . I don 't know about died , but maybe gone to heaven ?|Sister Dorothy was called home by god . We can 't prevent his plan from unfolding . But that 's what I fear . The unfolding .
Sister Dorothy was called home by god . We can 't prevent his plan from unfolding . But that 's what I fear . The unfolding .|God 's voice seems so far away . Sometimes I wish I were back in the cloisters . But you belong in this world with your girls . That 's what god chose for you . He 'll find you here , and he 'll give you the strength to face what comes . I hope so , Father .
We 're not regular men .|Right .
Nothing in here matches up with Angie Delmarco . Not even the birthdays . Maybe her family will recognize her .|Home of Dominic Fratti Newark , New Jersey Wednesday , October 19 By the time I started going with Rosie , Angie 's mom , she 'd already thrown Angie out of the house for being a tramp . Angie and her mother never made up ? All those years and that putana never called . Not on Easter , not mother 's day . Not even when Rosie was dying .
Those trials of old white men who killed civil rights workers . Bombed churches 40 years ago . Their convictions hailed as victories of American justice . But for 40 years , these old men sat down to dinner with their families . Slept in their own beds . Woke up free men . And now that they 're old and dying , when they have nothing left to lose , now they go to jail . Mr. Roberts , as I told your lawyer , we recognize Sister Dorothy 's death was not premeditated . That there were mitigating circumstances . I 'm not interested in a plea bargain . You want to convict me , you give me one of those trials .|All this medication your brother takes . His health is deteriorating . He can 't fight off infections . In time he 'll succumb to his injuries . Then his assault will become a homicide . The statute of limitations won 't apply . We can charge the men who beat him with murder .
Why did you let this happen ?|I did not do anything .
You take good care of him . He always liked looking sharp .|Even on that last night . He spent two hours getting ready before he went out .
Even on that last night . He spent two hours getting ready before he went out .|He was going on a date ? Dancing .
He was going on a date ? Dancing .|With that white girl .
With that white girl .|Didn 't matter anyway .
I did not do anything .|You have chance to do something now .
You have chance to do something now .|Whatever you want .
Angie Delmarco .|I don 't know any Angie . Sorry . That 's how Eddie found Sister Dorothy . Somebody sent him a copy of the note she sent to Angie 's mother .
Then I 'll kill you .|You may be protected in a safe house but ... I 'll find you and kill you with my own hands !
I don 't know any Angie . Sorry . That 's how Eddie found Sister Dorothy . Somebody sent him a copy of the note she sent to Angie 's mother .|Your mother .
I never knew she wrote them .|Your stepfather said that she died in peace knowing that her daughter was safe and doing good works .
Hello , good morning . I 'm checking in .|One moment , please .
I , um ...|I ... um , Jimmy ran ... and tripped .
I ... um , Jimmy ran ... and tripped .|Al , Al beat him with a bat and ... and Tony , Tony just kept slamming his head down with a ... a brick .
How are you ? Please keep an eye on the situation around , kid .|Mom !
Ask him why he killed my brother .|Who ' s paying for killing his brother ?
Did you miss me ?|I missed you so much .
Why was he in the ballpark ?|Because I told him to be . I told him .
Because I told him to be . I told him .|I knew that Al was angry with his old girlfriend , Lisa , for seeing Jimmy and , so I called Jimmy and I told him that I had a message from Lisa that , uh ... she wanted to ... she was gonna get off early and she wanted to hook up with him . And he showed up .
Why didn 't you save him ?|Hold it .
Did you get the guy that did it ?|How did you kill him ?
How did you kill him ?|I let him go .
I let him go .|Get the door .
Those who contracted it were called " zombies . "|Or " vampires . "
I was a wicked , wicked , evil person . I ... Jimmy looked at me and he begged me . And I stared at him right in the face and I said , " what are you looking at , nigger ? "|And then I kicked him . I kicked him in the face . And I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry , will you forgive me ? I 'm sorry , will you forgive me ? Please forgive me . Please forgive me . I 'm sorry . Please forgive me .
I 'm sorry . Dorothy ... you should have let them find me . You just should let them find me , because it was me . It was ... it should have been me . Not you . Not you . I 'm sorry , Father . I have let everyone down . I am sorry . That 's for another day .|What happens to her now ? We 'll need her to make a statement in writing and on videotape . Yes . Yes . I wanna do that . Everything will be kept under seal until Jimmy Jones dies . If it 's determined his death is as a result of his injuries , I 'll be filing murder charges against you as well as the others . You understand that , don 't you , Sister ?
Yeah , it 's OK .|I could do with having Billy back , though . Isn 't Julian taking care of everything ? He hasn 't told you , has he ?
And then we 'll kill him .|Good .
Half a century later a scientist in Prague found an underground lab .|He contracted the X virus ...
He contracted the X virus ...|He became the first Berg Katze .
If you 'll excuse me .|I have to get my girls ready for the day .
I 'd like you to meet my mother .|I want us to pretend that we 're a couple .
No , not him .|This one I recognise . He used to deliver pizza to us . Until then he just delivered . Your husband was gay ? What 's more than bisexual ? How 's compulsively orgasmic ? Let 's say he was polymorphously perverse , which is to say that he would have sex with a plant . Is there a reason why the killer sodomised him with a banana ?
This one I recognise . He used to deliver pizza to us . Until then he just delivered . Your husband was gay ? What 's more than bisexual ? How 's compulsively orgasmic ? Let 's say he was polymorphously perverse , which is to say that he would have sex with a plant . Is there a reason why the killer sodomised him with a banana ?|He was allergic to bananas . He used to get all ... covered in hives .
He deals drugs , Mai . Heroin , cocaine . That 's where the money comes from . That 's how he can afford to pay you to fuck him .|Oh , great . I 'll get the crab . He 'll have the spicy chicken . And May here will have a salad with the dressing on the side . It 's Mai .
I 'm sorry . I apologize for my behavior . It 's just that , I 'm a little upset . I have lost my first son .|I 'm sorry for that . Thank you .
He says he 's devastated about this . The older woman was Sonya 's aunt and his cousin . Ask him if Sonya had any girlfriends .|She had a few . He has a picture .
It 's good to know someone cares . 'Cause I swear to God , sometimes I think Julian hated Billy . Maybe " hate " is the wrong word . But you were always jealous of him . You know the way boys are , May . Competitive . And what with Billy being the older brother and having a bigger cock ... Julian 's was never small , but Billy 's was ... Oh , it was enormous .|How can you compete with that ?
'Cause let me tell you , if the tables were turned , your brother would have found your killer and brought me his head on a fucking platter ! And you just sit there thinking he got what he deserved !|Fuck you .
So what ? You don 't care if a murderer gets caught ? You don 't feel any fear or any guilt ?|Who are you ? Some sex machine with a cash register between her legs ? Or are you too afraid to get involved ? You got it . I 've got a war out there to make sure that I survive . Understand ?
And you men , ... look good . Can somebody tell me what the fuck this cunt is trying to say ?|Who put out the hit ?
No one hurts me . Not even this gun .|See how lucky I am ?
Why ? She said you murdered her son .|She wanted you dead .
Could you taste the X virus on my lips ?|Happy birthday ! You 're infected .
You 've got a chance .|But you 're stubborn . Do not want to listen .
But you 're stubborn . Do not want to listen .|If you do not want to hear , ... then stop listening .
I find it incredible that this woman has so lowered the standards by which she was raised . I believe she might put herself above the law . I don 't intend to have Miss Mulroney gallivanting around Europe . Not on my court 's record .|Bail is denied . Remand the defendant to the Department of Corrections .
This thing is amazing . Sometimes I put in the features of my perfect woman . Like this ? No , rounder . And the hair was parted on the left . It wasn 't really parted , it was brushed back .|Like that ? Yeah , like that .
And your other son ? Is he going with you ? What , Julian ? Oh ... I haven 't had any real contact with Julian since he left America .|But you were there last night .
You can be as free as you want .|Just like me .
Just like me .|Venus is in the shadow of the Moon .
But you were there last night .|Yeah .
Wet wool . I know .|The smell of death , Arthur .
Well , here we are .|An Elderly Parson , shouldn 't yield to temptation this way . Oh , nonsense , Dad . The sun will do you good .
Dr. Nambu .|I was expecting you .
So that 's a yes .|Under coercion ... that 's a yes .
It 's a woman 's voice .|She sounded like ... That 's illogical .
Is the investigation still open ? No , sir , not any more . The public has deified the Mulroneys . They 've done a lot to deserve that . That entitlement doesn 't extend to the law . Well , it does .|And someone is going to have to fall on his sword .
The General was adamant ... no exceptions . I could talk to ? Sure , sure , but he 's boss of S.A.C. There are people who could fire him , but I 'll guarantee there 's no one Who could ever make him change his decision . Well , this is it , then , huh ? I report a week from tuesday ? That 's right . Your orders are on their way now ... 21 months of active duty .|21 months ? You , you realize what this does to me ? I 'm no youngster anymore . I 've got a few more good years in baseball left . No you take me away ... Look , Dutch , there 's just no point in arguing with me . No , I guess not . Your orders read report to my headquarters at Carswell . Yes , sir .
Isn 't there anyone we can go to ? Castle says it 's no use .|Of course , you know how I feel , Dutch . Yeah , yeah . What worries me most is Sally , though . Sally ? Oh ! I wouldn 't worry too much about her . No , but I do . This is going to be an awfull wallop to her . She 's been fixing up the house . She 's getting a big kick out of the ball club . Now something like this happens . What am I going to tell her ? Maybe it won 't be as hard as you think .
So you build the Moscone .|Blood for blood , it never ends !
Blood for blood , it never ends !|But I can liberate you from that trap .
Don 't use your master weapon on us but on yourself .|Humans kill themselves with their own tool .
I 'm lieutenant colonel Holland . I 'm reporting in for duty . May I see your identification , colonel ?|I , I don 't have an I.D. card . They never sent me one . I 'm sorry , sir . I can 't admit a civilian without identification . I 'm not a civilian ! I wish I was a civilian . Here . Here are my orders .
Civilian .|Security officer ? Captain , I 've got a man here at the gate with no identification card . His orders say that he 's on active duty , but he 's not in uniform . Very well , sir .
General Castle , please .|May I speak to the General ? This is Dutch Holland ... Colonel Holland .
Tokyo .|The cannon goes off in 30 minutes .
Broken up very .|Rest of the body turned up .
I 'm just carrying out your orders , General .|My orders ? Yes , sir . He was with me , General , just reporting for duty . Lieutenant Colonel Holland , this is General Hawkes . You 're Dutch Holland ? Yes , sir . We 've been expecting you . Yes , sir , I know . In a blue suit .
Oh , I 'm afraid to ask . Has something happened to Russ and Monica ? Oh , yes . They were abducted and , uh , drugged . While their townhouse was being stripped . Are they all right ? Monica 's in a psychiatric ward , and Russ died of a heroin overdose . So , no , they 're not all right .|How about that database ? The loft was rented to a screenwriter named Wes Banyon . Do you know him ? No . Is there someone else back here ? Blonde woman ? That was me .
I follow orders . Forget orders !|If I hadn 't got there in time
Jinpei could have died .|Stop it !
Adenoids . Good bye , dear . We 're going to take you up to 45.000 feet .|Major Fleming . Colonel Holland can 't come to the phone right now . Just a minute . It 's your wife , Colonel Holland . She says it 's urgent .
Ms. Marsden hired a lawyer for her sister .|She had a very plausible explanation for why her fingerprint was on Mr. Banyon 's refrigerator . She has a plausible explanation for every coincidence . What are we dealing with here ? Some kind of Manson family ? If the Manson family shopped on Madison avenue .
Major Fleming . Colonel Holland can 't come to the phone right now . Just a minute . It 's your wife , Colonel Holland . She says it 's urgent .|Well , uh ... Tell her I 'll call her back . He says he 'll call you back . He 's up to 45.000 feet .
Mala , come here .|Did I tell you how pretty you look tonight ?
You 're insane !|Insane ? Can 't you be normal ?
Insane ? Can 't you be normal ?|You know we can 't live a normal life !
Now take both ends of the tie .|Got it ?
I can 't figure any of this out .|I wanted a normal life .
Arm ' em .|Reverse .
Apartment of Marcel Costas 81 Prince Street Thursday , December 15 His name 's Marcel Costas . The manager said this man , Mr. Fremont , told him he hadn 't heard from his friend in a few days , and asked him to open the apartment .|I didn 't know who else to call . It 's horrible . Who would do such a thing ? Well , maybe we can think of some ideas downtown , huh ? If that 's an invitation , accepted .
Honey , you better go on home . This may take another couple of days . See you later .|Sally ? Well , here you are . The same night , too . You angry with me ? No , darling . I 'm just confused . Why ? I don 't know whether to fix you breakfast or dinner . Well , let 's see ... It 's nearer breakfast . You hungry ? Not very . I 'm tired . Where did you boys go on your little jaunt , or is that a secret ? Well , this was a local mission ... Alaska .
I guess maybe you 're right .|You know me pretty well , don 't you ? Do I ? Wish you 'd put that in writing . Why ? I 'd like to send it to my father .
I do not know her .|You speak another language ? Well , some French , of course . And Italian and ... No , no , another , like an Asian language . No , because I noticed you have a slight glottal stop .
Honey , you where gonna say something back here . No , I 've said everything I have to say .|Dutch . Yeah ? How do you want your eggs , scrambled or fried ? Uh ... scrambled .
Dutch . Yeah ? How do you want your eggs , scrambled or fried ? Uh ... scrambled .|No . Fried .
Over ...|Easy .
You know , I 'm beginning to know you pretty well , too , young lady . You are ? I learned a lot than night at the housewarming . You remenber when I had to break the news to you ? That was a lovely house . It was a lovely party , too . Sally ... Yes ? I 've got something to tell you . Now , it 's pretty personal , but I think it 's gonna make you very happy . What is it ? You 're going to have a baby .|How dou you know ? I met the Stork at 40.000 feet . Then I met doc Baxter , and he congratulated me , so that was the other .
Come on , it 's a party , not a wake . Hilary , Bernard is taking me to Miami ! There 's a bikini sale at Bergdorf 's ! You can both take her shopping tomorrow , hmm ?|You know what I like .
No more fuel leaks so far . Maybe the modification 's all right , maybe not . The next series of tests will give us the answer .|Has Dutch Holland been running these fuel tank tests ? Yes , sir . I thought he had a staff job . You made him an aircraft commander ? Well , I 'd say he 's doing both , sir . But he sure likes to fly .
Lock on targets from one to five .|Load G cartridge as well as propellant tanks .
Bangkok times , 1988 . My skin 's already crawling .|I see Nicole Wallace . And is that who I think it is with her ? Bernard Fremont . AKA Thierry Gervais . Just after they were arrested for murder at the Bangkok airport . Fremont 's French , he 's not British . He grew up in Thailand . He was Nicole 's boyfriend . He taught her how to kill . He 's the school of murder .
He does , eh ?|Going , Dutch ?
Seems like a rookie mistake .|Unless they were set up .
What do you want me to bring you , a polar bear , penguin ?|How about a husband ? Got one . No . I want a husband right here on the ground , not one that 's 8 miles over Greenland or Alaska or Timbuktu .
Ryu !|Let 's go !
Let 's go !|George !
Ken !|I 'm okay . Go !
Hurry ! Okay !|Damnnit !
Damnnit !|I know it very well .
I don 't need him telling me .|I 'm a leader . My priority is to protect my crew !
You knew that she 'd break , implicate Bernard . But you don 't believe that we actually think he 's innocent , do you ? We know all about his work in Thailand . He paid his debt . He earned his freedom . You earned it for him .|It must kill you to see him with Sammie , and Mala .
Full power on 4 , 5 , and 6 .|A.C. to crew standby for inmediate bailout when you hear the long ring .
Because Nicole is here . He knows that . And that 's how he knows our names . From newspaper clippings of the work that she did here . It 's a shame . After you tried to get rid of her all those years ago . What are you talking about ? When they were arrested at the airport in Thailand with the passports you planted in the luggage . Me ? I was 400 miles away in Phuket when they got arrested . Nicole put the passports in the suitcase . She wanted Bernard arrested . She wanted to leave him , but she was afraid that would come after her ! So she got herself arrested with him ? Well , I 'm sure that wasn 't part of the plan , no . No , no . He taught her everything she knew . She was loyal to him .|Don 't you know her at all ? About her father ? Nicole hates men .
Our position is 68 degrees , 45 minutes west longitude . 76 degrees , 10 minutes north latitude . I repeat . Hadn 't we better belly land , Dutch ? We 'll freeze to deatch down there . I 'm afraid we 'd blow up first .|Fire spreading over the whole wing Colonel .
That 's right . I won 't be a Galactor .|Very well . Go ahead , you can kill yourself .
If she wants to fall on your sword for Mr. Fremont , who are we to stop her ? Alone or not , she 's murdered at least three people that we know of .|Banyon was writing Bernard 's life story .
How are you , Ken ?|No ...
Wait till I get things closed up here .|We 're darn near buried , Ike .
No sign of the wreck , General . Why couldn 't they have had the same luck we had ? Why couldn 't they have come down with an Eskimo Village in their lap ? Let 's get back out there , Lieutenant . I 'm going with you .|How 's the arm , Dutch ? Oh , it 's pretty good , but it 's still sore . Up around the shoulder joint there .
How 's the arm , Dutch ? Oh , it 's pretty good , but it 's still sore . Up around the shoulder joint there .|I think I 'll have another look .
Nicole is a fugitive . Thanks to you two . And , no , she 'd never put me in that kind of danger . She 's very protective . Well , you 'd be very proud of your star pupil . I can 't take the credit . She 's a natural . She 's very adept in poisons . Is that something that you taught her ? I 'll take a pass on that . I 've asked myself what she would have been like if ... if she 'd never run into you . I guess not very different . As they say , detective , nature will out .|I 'd love to see how Banyon portrayed her in the screenplay . Wes did our relationship justice . He made it " mythic . " Oh , like giants straddling the world .
Hi .|I 'm Naomi .
I 'm Naomi .|And this is ...
And this is ...|George , right ?
Our smoke signal 's burning fine . Close the blister , will you , Dutch ? We don 't need any more ventilation . All right .|You know ... you know , with only 4 hours of daylight , it might take quite a while finding us .
I 'll connect my terminal to the controls . Great !|How 's that !
This is from Wes Banyon 's typewriter .|Not guilty .
Hilary 's sister bailed him out . What is it these women see in him ? The door to another world .|Bernard , please . Please . Bernard , please .
And L.A. too !|Rio de Janeiro and Sydney are safe .
Wait , there was a woman on the stairs . She bumped into him , and then she ran out . Call EMS . Secure the area .|There 's no pulse .
Guess what I did .|I put the Moscone off its orbital path .
I put the Moscone off its orbital path .|It 's a tech ninja trick .
Come on , play the good stuff .|Ask me who I like .
The Monkees . Ask me which song . The one called , I need a ride to Jersey , but the tolls are 30 bucks for a real good time . You know it ?|It 's a company picnic , but in a bowling alley , we can bring guests . Some nice girls work at the store , Duane .
Give it a better name !|Ryu .
I want the latest results of your last performance and stability tests as soon as possible . Yes , sir . That cigar , sir . Doesn 't the General know the aircraft might explode ?|It wouldn 't dare .
Don 't sweat it , dad .|I 'll toast .
It wouldn 't dare .|While we 're gassing up I 've got something to show you . Yes , sir .
I 'm here ...|I 'm here for revenge !
Well , how do you do , young lady ? Very glad to meet you . She says she is , too . Would you like to hold her , Colonel ?|Would you like to hold her ? I 'm not checked out on this , but ... Oh , OK !
Stop it !|We 'll have to disable the satellite !
Paul ran away like a little girl , I had to go in and pull the body out by myself . Did you hear anything before the body hit ? What ? Bill 's got surfer 's ear . Did you hear anything before the body hit ? A plane , or ... Nah , nothing . I got surfer 's ear . This is what happens when you jump out of a plane without a parachute . Who wears a coat like this in a plane , huh ?|I 'm thinking maybe someone who hides in the wheel well of a jet , worried about freezing to death at high altitude .
Eagle control , this is 5024 departing I.P. Roger .|Ike , you all set ? Roger . Ok , it 's your airplane .
Tour tone is loud and clear . Standing by for information .|Bomb away .
George !|Time to move out of the Moscone 's blast path .
Oh , how boring .|Let 's finish this .
You know , this guy tried to send Jane Doe airmail to Iceland . That 's where we should start looking for his other victims . Overseas .|You use sandblaster at 5 a.m ? That outside tool . My wife no sleep .
Issue an evacuation order .|It 's too late for that .
We can 't leave George !|He 's going to crash this fortress into the Moscone !
What will we do , Ken ? There 's no time left .|You 3 go . I 'll join George ... No !
I 'll be with you until death .|That is my reason to fight .
That is my reason to fight .|Too bad you 'll never try my cooking !
My movements the last week . Who I was with , phone numbers . I heard what was going on , so I 'd thought I 'd save you some time . Very accommodating . Thank you . Yeah , not that we don 't appreciate this , but we 're gonna have to ask you about those threats you were overheard making on the phone to a woman .|Is your marriage perfect ?
No , Colonel Holland isn 't here . This is Mrs. Holland . Oh , it 's long distance , mother . Tom Doyle . Hi , Tom . How are you ? Oh , I 'm fine . She 's just fine . No , he 's over at the base . You can reach him at MacDill .|I see .
Jinpei .|Damn right !
Yeah ! No , Ken . Evacuate as ordered ...|I won 't ... sacrifice a life in order to save 4 lives .
This is our last mission .|We 'll save George , ourselves and Tokyo .
Okay , I 'll call back .|That 's him .
Colonel Holland .|Ok , I 'll be right over .
I 've missed you so much .|Now we 're reunited .
Trina , you don 't have to lie to us . We 're gonna get him , okay ?|This gentleman 's gonna take you downstairs . Thanks for your help .
Where can I find General Castle ?|Has Dutch left yet ? Oh , I 'm sorry , Sally , but Dutch took off about 5 minutes ago . Oh , there 's something I 've got to hell him . I can 't let him go this way . I wish there was something we could do , Mrs. Holland . Well , I 'm affraid there isn 't , General , and I hope you 're satisfied . Wasn 't one war enough for you without calling him back just when he was beginning to live ? And you gonna let him go on and on ? How much more do you want ? Sally . I 'm sorry you fell that way , Mrs. Holland , but I want you to understand one thing .
Kill me now ! You do the dangerous tasks while the others stay safe .|There 's no reason for you to risk your life for humans .
This was Dutch 's decision , not mine . His decision because you maneuvered him into it . Promoting him , putting him in important jobs . Now let 's get one thing straight . If you think I promoted him because he was Dutch Holland , you underestimate him . He 's an exceptional commander . Dutch earned this the hard way . I just hope he can get through this mission . There any reason . He shouldn 't be on this mission ? I think there 's every reason . And someday , when he cracks , it 's gonna be because you didn 't give him any choice .|Mrs. Holland ... I , too , have no choice .
Ah , whatever you 've got . Just fill her up .|Your slipway doors are open . Receptacle clear . Everything looks normal . Tanker ready for contact . Receiver ready for contact . Forward 2 .
Stand by for contact . Roger .|Contact . Contact . Roger .
At the trials ... you know , all that graphic testimony of women being beaten ...|Does that ever make you sick ? Yeah , it 's disgusting . Because you know , some guys like all that testimony of women being raped . They get off on it .
And if it didn 't glow ...|Then you 'd have to ... kill me .
Just caught a sports broadcast , Dutch . You 're front page news . All about your passing up baseball for an Air Force career . Call that news , huh ? How about you , Ike ? Made up your mind yet ? You staying in ? Oh , I guess I might as well . Seems like quite a few of the boys are staying in .|You started quite a fashion , Dutch .
Your other alternates are still instrument and bellow minimums . Well , If I 'm going to Okinawa , I have to leave right now . My fuel reserve 's low .|Uh , stand by , Yokota . Roger .
You know it occurs to me that nothing gets you hot . You 're just one of those guys that run cold . You know , like you didn 't do well with the girls , so you just gave up on sex . Like this drawing of Junie .|It 's like a kid did it . It lacks anatomy . Is that what you lack , Duane ?
You lack anatomy , Duane ?|Look , I told you . Her name 's not Junie . It 's June . Only Ted calls her Junie . He 's called her that since they met in high school .
Leo ...|I ...
Join me in freedom .|No .
No .|You 're wrong .
You know , I ougth to throw the book at you . For not following existing instructions about reporting to a flight surgeon after an accident .|For concealing a condition that could have grounded you . Yes , sir .
Naomi died long ago .|You can 't bring a dead person back .
Yes , sir . You can 't command an operational unit . You can stay in , of course , at a ground job . Would you like that ?|No , sir .
Yes , hello , this is detective Barek .|What day ? You 're sure ?
We fight to protect others .|And we sacrifice ourselves .
And we sacrifice ourselves .|Just like when Naomi saved me .
Hi , Duane . What are you doing ?|Sorry to interrupt your quiet time . How did you ... Airport security drove us out .
I 'm going to let you go . You 're out of the Air Force as of now .|Is your wife here yet ? No , sir . I haven 't seen her since we left MacDill .
Is your wife here yet ? No , sir . I haven 't seen her since we left MacDill .|I don 't suppose you can play much ball with that shoulder .
This one 's from Japan . This one ?|From Germany a year ago . They got beat up pretty bad . Did you know about this ?
We had a medical report on that arm , Mrs. Holland . I 've got to let him go . He 's all yours .|Is that it ?
Oh , okay . No , this is good .|I 'll pay you back .
I won 't desert you .|Naomi died for us .
Is that it ?|That 's it .
Knuckles broken multiple times . Scar tissue .|Must be quite the pugilist , Mr. Geddens . On ship , we fight over nothing .
So , just yourself ? Uh , no , I 'll be meeting my wife tonight .|That 's the spirit .
I 'm supposed to not like this .  Well , call me an idiot , Jay . Sure enough , Alexa and I did end up in a hot tub together . But around her third beer , I suggested she have some water to stay hydrated . She tried to shut me up by kissing me , which I liked , but she kept calling me Travis . Oh , my God ! Is it still talking ? !|Joe , you don 't ever disrespect your brother like that . And no more giving underwear to little girls , or anyone else , 'cause it 's creepy and European . Now go to your room .
Oh , your mom can sugarcoat it all she wants . But that man wants no part of you .|Bullied you all your life . Now he 's just gonna wash his hands of you . In a little while , you 're gonna get a chance to tell my partner and me what your old man drove you to do . Then you can shove it in his face .
Bullied you all your life . Now he 's just gonna wash his hands of you . In a little while , you 're gonna get a chance to tell my partner and me what your old man drove you to do . Then you can shove it in his face .|Think about it . You don 't owe anybody anything , not even Duane . I ain 't saying nothing against Duane . What , the guy you used to push around ? Are you kidding ? You don 't think he 's gonna rat you out the first chance he gets ?
Let 's go .|I 'm starting the engine .
Think about it . You don 't owe anybody anything , not even Duane . I ain 't saying nothing against Duane . What , the guy you used to push around ? Are you kidding ? You don 't think he 's gonna rat you out the first chance he gets ?|The description in this passport 's dead on for Duane . Art could 've run , but he came back to help his cousin . Yeah , it 'd be touching , if they weren 't serial killers . Well , that loyalty runs deep . Art may never roll on Duane . The bully and his victim . They found an accommodation . Art gets to vent his rage , and Duane gets to watch somebody else be victimized . Show these to Carver , see if you can turn them into a search warrant for Duane 's place . Wake up a judge , and we can hit Duane 's place while he 's still at work .
You 're welcome .|I didn 't ask him to do that ... or tell him where we live .
Hi .|I ... I came to see the room .
Damage on the hull . Shit ! 40 seconds to the blast ! We only have one missile left , Ken !|Ryu , fire that missile .
Just kidding .|I just can afford to buy you a Jairo or a pizza slice . Pizza , I think . But anchovies . I do not know . I think a ... She took me to the opera . Can you imagine that ?
Duane was really looking forward to seeing you , Art .|You made this , Duane ?
We end|Duane was dead serious , Art . So here 's the deal , Art . The boxing ring and the girls were all part of his fantasy . So he could watch you demolish another human being .
But it 's really about killing you . It 's his revenge . One last girl , then destroy you , and destroy himself .|I 'll destroy you , you bastard .
Frappuccino ?|Why are you so happy ? What makes you think that ? Look at yourself . Yeah , look , I have the sad eyes . I look like a gangster .
If you gave the order he 'd have to go out with you .|Ryu , great idea !
If Art 's dad knew what bullying his son would lead to , he might 've thought twice about it .|If you every wonder why I don 't have kids , now you know .
Where 's , uh , where 's Grace and the girls ? Some sort of school thing . No bother , no bother . Make sure everyone has a drink ! Yeah , come on in .|Hi . Aren 't you just the cutest thing ? What do you say , Emma ? Thank you , auntie .
Retire . You got that right . With Anna in my corner , I 'll outlive both of you .|Oh , say , I 'm taking Emma here to the hockey game tomorrow . Plenty of room in the box . The box ? That 's awesome . Chance , what do you say , son ? Jillian and I are jammed ... With the move .
Oh , say , I 'm taking Emma here to the hockey game tomorrow . Plenty of room in the box . The box ? That 's awesome . Chance , what do you say , son ? Jillian and I are jammed ... With the move .|So I set fire to the pile of currency and said , " Can I leave now , comrade ? "
Perhaps , this is your first trip , right ?|How can you schedule each point for 30 minutes each ? What kind of freestyle trip is this ? This is a retreat for middle schoolers . Ah , give it back then , instead of saying things like that . Come on . I already saw it all anyway . Oh , this sounds fun ! Zero ! 
How can you schedule each point for 30 minutes each ? What kind of freestyle trip is this ? This is a retreat for middle schoolers . Ah , give it back then , instead of saying things like that . Come on . I already saw it all anyway . Oh , this sounds fun ! Zero ! |Hey , that 's nothing for a man . One ...
Zero . It 's funny , isn 't it ? One ! Ah , seriously ! You 're the first person I 've seen that wrote this game on a notebook , and it 's also my first time seeing someone who plays so badly like this . Two ! Hey , you should give me time to think ! That doesn 't count . It 's invalid . Damn it ! This is invalid ! This doesn 't count . It 's invalid !|Huh ? Why are you smiling ? Is it fun for you to hit people , Oh Ri Jin ? No . I just smiled because I thought of something . Stop whining and give me your arm !
Huh ? Why are you smiling ? Is it fun for you to hit people , Oh Ri Jin ? No . I just smiled because I thought of something . Stop whining and give me your arm !|One , two ... Oh ! Where is this place ? Ah , we have to get off on this stop ! Hurry , hurry ! Quickly , quickly ! Your bag , bag ...
Mr. Slaughter , your father 's here . Emma , your uncle Trip had a lot to drink last night . The best way to wake him up is to make a lot of noise , okay ?|Wake up , uncle Trip ! Wake up !
Yes ... yep .|There it is .
When I was young ...|What did you say ? I just remembered it recently ! When I was younger , I remember playing with some kid with a toy train that runs on rail tracks .
The safe 's empty .|" The inverted yield curve : A historical review . "
It 's an economics textbook . If he 'd stuck to those curves , he 'd still be alive .|He and his wife Grace , they were going through a difficult period . My fault . I worked him too hard . They were reconciling .
Sorry . I am almost done .|Wait . Now I know . No , I think ...
Then what 's in it for me ? I would have to hear your answer first regarding my deal .|Don 't laugh so openly . So embarrassing . What do you mean , laugh ? I didn 't laugh . Hey , I said don 't laugh !
Don 't laugh so openly . So embarrassing . What do you mean , laugh ? I didn 't laugh . Hey , I said don 't laugh !|How does it taste ?
I 'm here now , dad . Anna 's worried , you go home . I can take over here .|My son Chance . My right hand .
Do you know ?|Perhaps , have you found your memories ?
A girl and a boy make a promise to meet every night at 10 o 'clock . In the basement of the residence .|Did something happen in that basement ?
Did something happen in that basement ?|The place where the girl that must never be made known to the outside world was locked in was the basement . Why couldn 't the world know about that girl ?
Jonas , the detectives are here . And you 've watched that enough . That 's right . I mean , that 's the whole thing .|So , you said there were new developments ? We believe your son was in contact with Mrs. Slaughter 's first husband . Professor Lewis ?
They make the relatively easy decision to become a bystander instead .|Because if they just close their eyes tightly , it 's like nothing happened to them at all .
Because if they just close their eyes tightly , it 's like nothing happened to them at all .|If just one person out of those numerous bystanders opens their eyes , then there wouldn 't be a case of one person 's soul getting completely destroyed .
Slaughter sat down next to me at the hotel bar in Istanbul . He bought me a drink , we talked a little business . He gave me his card and wished me well . That 's it ? Then two of his employees came over . Real fixers . They told me his son had been murdered . They knew I was next door .|I told them that I saw an Asian woman , pretty , in the hallway just before 9 : 30 . They said she had nothing to do with the killing , and I 'd be doing Mr. Slaughter a personal favor if I didn 't mention her . A personal favor for Jonas Slaughter .
Come in , the door is open .|Hi . Sit down and make yourself at home .
Hi . Sit down and make yourself at home .|The publishing house wants to publish your book directly .
His wife kills his son , and Jonas Slaughter flies halfway around the world to protect her . Now , that 's love .|Trip told me he was leaning on Anna 's ex for information . What was he hoping to find out ? Something to convince dad he was being played for a fool . By Anna ? Over the family trust ? Now how would that work ? The trust is for the benefit of my father 's children . Trip and myself . Anna wants the trust changed so Emma , my half sister , gets an equal share . Emma and any other children Anna has with Jonas . And until those kids turn 21 , she 'd be their trustee . She could end up controlling the trust . Your father , he agreed to these changes ? Jonas just has to sign the papers . After the birthday party , do you know if Jonas and Anna stayed home ? Anna had a benefit to go to . You moving out ? Or are you moving in ? Out to Washington state . Jillian and I want our son to grow up with fresh air and mountains . Away from all this . Your father said that you were his right hand . Dad exaggerates . Trip was the company man . Anyway , those plans are on hold now . I have to see dad through this time .
The publishing house wants to publish your book directly .|Peak . Would you like something to drink ?
I am a journalist at the Manhattan times . Check " Louie inside and out " list . I 'll write plenty about you . You think I need you ?|You would not have the money or an article . What do you want then ?
I want you to go home . Stick home .|My god , it 's Pam . How 's it going ? Long time no see . You look nice . How many girls do you have with you ? One .
She left Trip drunk and helpless . All Larry would have had to do was walk in and finish him off .|An Asian dom , latex . You know Larry wanted every finger pointed at Anna . Well , it worked with us for a while .
You can screw up as much as you want of me . I bought the worst den of lottovinsten so I am my own neighbor . No one can disturb me take you ?|I should write an article about this place . The music , drinkarna and above all the beautiful women . " Louie inside and utelista in NYC . " You remind me of every guy in this town that boasts about his job . As if I would think that you had a big dick . It 's just an uncertainty thing . Not true ?
I trust you , dad . It 's your call . No , it 's yours too now .|It 's all right , you don 't have to say it .
How did you know I was here ? Did you two plan this together ? When ?|Yesterday at the hospital .
Oman in December , Berlin in October . An oil security consultant . A girl like Ellen might come in handy to break the ice with businessmen , politicians . That 's if Mr. Landau is really in the oil business .|Between his room and Trip 's ... connecting doors .
I 'm seeing brass filings in the lock mechanism . And this blank plate is brand new . Somebody drilled out the old one to get the lock open . Landau could have done it . Trip was at the party . Mr. Landau killed Trip ? Painted him in latex , left him in the bed . Landau travels mostly to countries with no oil . The problems he cleans up probably aren 't oil spills . We have pictures to show you . See if you recognize anyone from the hotel . No , it wasn 't her .|No , not her either .
I 'm sorry , I ... I do not know what to say .|It 's over between you .
It 's fine if you know . All you have to do is live like before . You lived well even without those trashy memories .|You and I , and our family , we had no problems at all .
I don 't like seeing you like this , so please get up .|You don 't like the sight of me ? Yes . If you 're going to sleep , please go to your bedroom and sleep .
Emma , no more .|Hey , have all you want .
You know what ? I 'll kill you , you tricked me almost .|Charlie . This is crap .
Now , you go potty . And then I 'll make you hot chocolate .|What 's the matter ? These two witches in the lobby .
You ended up sharing memories with Se Gi .|Then the memories from the year in your past that you lost it means you remembered all of it . Not completely just yet , but I keep remembering them . Then is the only thing left now is to fuse the personalities into one ?
That 's what writers do . And I can smoke a pipe .|That 's right , I 'm of course not .
Maybe I could be one of those staying at a hotel room permanent or so I live there in NY and buy your own attic . Always thought that the author of smoke . A bad habit that takes many years to decompose .|But in my paradigm i smoke still .
What do you mean , he terminated the contract ? As I told you , the contract became null and void as of yesterday . I am no longer Cha Do Hyun 's secret physician .|Then there 's nothing for you to discuss with me any longer .
Some people wanted to hurt you . They 're jealous of you . You mean Trip ? Trip was trying to hurt me ? Jonas , who killed him ?|Tell me , my husband , who killed your son ?
Yes ... come on . Sit down .|Before we draw ... I must ask you a favor .
You 're wrong again . I was wrong ! I told you what would happen if you were wrong again , didn 't I ?|I told you who would get in trouble if you couldn 't get it right , didn 't I ?
We 're ready now . Thank you . My lawyer will meet us downstairs .|You were not wrong .
Nothing . I 'm just unhappy .|I 'm not angry , it 's okay . I 'm happy for you , sorry .
I 'm not angry , it 's okay . I 'm happy for you , sorry .|I 'm happy for you , okay ? Sorry . Look at me , I 'm sorry .
Trip was a lost boy .|He wanted to destroy us . Humiliate us . I couldn 't let him . I had it done .
I 'm happy for you , okay ? Sorry . Look at me , I 'm sorry .|I 'm sorry . I was an idiot . Yes , a big idiot .
You 're the spitting image of your mother .|I 'll get hit ! I was in the wrong , so I 'll get hit ! Daddy ! I 'll get hit !
I want to go to the movies too . Come on , enough is enough !|I have not received the check yet . We have a couple of kilometers to go .
Hello , my name is Pam and I 'll serve you tonight . Would you like something to drink ?|Give us your best champagne . Okay sure .
Hello there . I was going to cook dinner tonight . It sounds good . Is that where kosher ? Yeah , so unless you 're a bad cook .|I have been a matkurs . Could you set the table ?
I called her as your secret physician . What is the reason that you need to meet my physician , Chairwoman ? What did you want to find out more by meeting her ? Join the company . Instead of I.D Ent . , be read to be for a special shareholders ' meeting . After the meeting , I will save a necessary seat for you . You may be settled for Seungjin Construction .|I will decline .
When Jillian was asleep ... I went to see him . He was gonna humiliate you . I , I killed him . I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry . Oh , no .|Oh , my boy .
So I wait every night for 10 o 'clock .|Because I can play with the boy .
Mom ... Ri Jin .|What 's wrong ? Why are you crying ? Did something happen ? Remember how I told you I would ask when I became curious ?
What 's wrong ? Why are you crying ? Did something happen ? Remember how I told you I would ask when I became curious ?|I became curious now . How my real parents were like . So ... please tell me .
Pam ? The second ... Pam . Oh my god ...|I understand .
How did things go with Min Seo Hyeon 's chauffeur ? Did he decide to meet up with you ? I decided to give a call as soon as possible .|And also , this ...
And also , this ...|What is it ?
Attention , please . Passengers may now board the 10 : 27 train to Baltimore on track 12 .|Hello ? Yes , I just called the train . Oh , you 're here ? Uh , no , no , it 's fine . What hotel ? Okay .
Hello ? Yes , I just called the train . Oh , you 're here ? Uh , no , no , it 's fine . What hotel ? Okay .|That covers the radio spots , the phone banks , and my hours .
I understand .|What are you doing ?
I got this ready to give it to you in case you would ask .|Though , to be honest , I hoped you would never ask .
Though , to be honest , I hoped you would never ask .|Your mother 's picture and some items she left behind are in there .
Where did you tell him you were today ? I 'm having a root canal . Can 't you tell ?|I hate to kick you out , but ... I can take a hint .
I hate to kick you out , but ... I can take a hint .|Hey , sweetie , just checking in . I 'm leaving for the Garden in half an hour . I 'll see you around 7 . Love you . Hey . This ? Works for me . How about this ?
Hey , sweetie , just checking in . I 'm leaving for the Garden in half an hour . I 'll see you around 7 . Love you . Hey . This ? Works for me . How about this ?|Give me five .
I don 't have the courage .|What kind of person was my biological mother ? You said she was your friend .
Jay !|How are you ?
You finished in any case your shift and was allowed to keep some of the money . All is well ?|I 've seen them throw people out on the street . He may realize the mistake tomorrow .
She did become a cold person after her life went awry|But I think it was a protective shell for her to survive .
Do you love me ? I love you .|Yes I love you . I love you .
Hey , Carlos . I have a package for you . You look like shit . I see in your eyes that you 're unhappy . Tuff week . I see it . It is always good to talk to someone . I feel good , take care of yourself .|Book .
Take what you want . Filet mignon , a bottle of red ...|Or take the cheese burger . They have the best in the world here .
11 minutes later .|I just ... I just held onto her .
I just ... I just held onto her .|I couldn 't let her go .
Or take the cheese burger . They have the best in the world here .|I do not know about you , but I would recommend everything on the left side .
Joseph Dwyer is 72 years old . For the last two months , he 's been in the hospital recovering from a stroke . As far as his housekeeper knows , he has not taken up Gardening . Well , the company sent out hydroponic supplies charged to Dwyer 's credit card to six houses on this street . The only houses that weren 't hit were that one , with the tricycle in front of it , and that one .|Check out the skateboard . I 'm guessing that junior got ahold of Mr. Dwyer 's credit card . The police were already at the Kendalls ' when I got home . Jud rolled in an hour later . So , you see , there was no one home to witness anything . Where were you , Jud ? Doing your good deeds ?
Let 's do it slowly .|Mom .
Did you know she was secret service ?|What happened , Jud ? Did she threaten to arrest you and you panicked ? No ! I , I ...
And you ask me , the word " home " rather overrated and misunderstood .|Take me as an example .
Hey .|Anything you need , just let us know .
I 'm not doing this because I hate you , mom . You know that , right ?|Of course , I know .
I have not been home in years .|It is because I am at home , you understand ?
Jay , there 's no justice to it . I 'm so sorry . Thank you , congressman . Mr. Kendall . I 'm here to convey the condolences of Mr. Sam Cartegna .|Uh , please send him my gratitude .
Machin , you bloody shag !|Where 's my hockey stick ? Oi ! Where 's my hockey stick ?
Think it 's the grilled cheese ?|South End Diner Long Island , New York Thursday , March 9
It 's not . That is not my name .|It 's not ?
Excuse me , Mr. Kendall , we 're gonna need two copies of that . Then go ahead , make two copies .|His shirt was soaked in her blood . If that 's the computer from the den , he would have gotten blood on it when he took it out of the house . Well , no computer . Took it out before we got there . Yeah , well what about that gap between those 911 calls ? Maybe he was cleaning up the den . He didn 't want us to know someone was in there trying to get dirt on him . Yeah , Kendall might be hiding something other than a couple of hotel bills . This guy wants some attention .
I always liked jigsaw puzzles .|First word could be millennium . S , T ... S , T ... studies . Millennium studies ? That 's very impressive , Barek .
This is your place . Books and magazines here . Food in the locker . Pinups over here , okay ?|Silence in the sweat room !
Why is she calling Cha Do Hyun 's name ?|Do Hyun ! Do Hyun ! Mommy ! Do Hyun ! It 's dangerous ! Get down quickly ! Mommy !
Let me get you a refill .|" Park Slope " Pete .
What the hell is going on ?|He 's got political fences to mend . He , his support will mean more down the line . Down the line ... After you squeeze a few more million out of the dumb Indians ? Chief , I ... I can 't believe that I fell for your dances with wolves act !
I just got a call . The cops were at the beach house . It 's bad , Jay . I 'm taking Susie and the kids away tonight . You should get out too , buddy . The balloons are about to come down .|The fundrasing committee heard someone skimmed credit card numbers from their contributors , they put a P.I. firm on the case . They found this Amanda , the phone bank operator . They passed her name to someone in congressman Bellingham 's office . A Ted Bruno , some sort of security consultant on the congressman .
Tidy this disgusting mess .|What the hell 's that ?
Knightly , stop preening yourself in that mirror . Preen , preen , preen and pride .|Travis , you 're in the house . Take that crap off !
How long you been driving for the congressman ? Six years . Six years of him telling you to turn left , turn right , double park so he can bang his girlfriend . And now what , you 're gonna clean up his little messes ? You know how much grease he 's getting from that casino ?|Millions , my friend . Millions . And you , the fixer ? Ah , you 're dressing like me . Right off the rack .
Travis , you 're in the house . Take that crap off !|Go on ! Catch him .
I didn 't think i could feel worse after " a " killed mona . But the four of us getting arrested for her murder Brings low to a whole new level . Technically , they think that we 're accessories , Not killers . An accessory is a necklace or a handbag , Not a chain gang . Hanna : Call it what you want . We 're all going to jail . " a " wins . Why do you think they 're separating us from ali ? There 's a lady in the laundry . If you do her work , she gives you information . Yesterday she told me that the warden received An anonymous tip . They think the five of us are plotting something big . What , and they think ali 's the big bad wolf ? But does that make us the little pigs or little red ? Spencer : Doesn 't matter . A wolf can 't lead without her pack . When we get there , They 're probably going to split us up , too .|What 's it like , han ? Do you want me to sugarcoat it or tell you the truth ? Well , if i 'm going to get through it , I need to know what to expect . The second they slam that door shut , You feel ashamed . This is crazy . We didn 't do anything . Hanna : They don 't care about that . They treat you like a criminal , And it 's hard to remember that you 're not one .
Shh !|Now listen . You 've got to know all the seniors ' names . Ask me who someone is . Brunning , damn you ! Stop talking !
If mona was alive ... I keep thinking this feels like that . No . No . There 's only been one person at the center of any trouble The girls have gotten into . You think alison 's behind this ? Alison 's a master manipulator , But she doesn 't have access To what was needed to pull off something This elaborate . Why these girls ? What would make them somebody 's target ?|Well , the good news is tanner wants to keep this Out of the press . No one knows about this yet . Wait , not even the other girls ' parents ? We have to keep this between us . We don 't want a civilian mob out there being Told to shoot first and ask questions later . But if they think our daughters are fugitives , Isn 't that what tanner 's telling the police to do ? You 're damn straight it is . Woman :  all units in the vicinity Of whitewood and stuckey , possible domestic violence ... Could you just give me one second please ?
Make it up to her , Jay .|Talk to us .
Now alison may still be locked up , But she has access to people .|We both know what she 's capable of .
Talk to us .|You didn 't run .
Aria ? Hanna , spencer ? Is anybody here ?|What the ...
Woman :  welcome . Willkommen . Bienvenidos .|Please exit your room And follow the lighted pathway .
We don 't intend to carry passengers .|I 'd like to remind the house that it 's winter term ... and that lockup is at 5 : 00 P.M. Anyone leaving the house after that time must have a leave signed by a whip . The town , of course , is out of bounds .
Central heating doesn 't come this far , I 'm afraid ... but the room itself is quite warm .|It 's a little bare , but Mr. Britton made it very snug .
So how do you know he 's not working for the police ? I don 't ! That 's why the payment has to be from one of your numbered accounts .|What was he doing in my house , congressman ? Why 'd you send him ?
What was he doing in my house , congressman ? Why 'd you send him ?|Yeah , " give me five " ? That 's a little code my partner and I use . Only someone who 's read our private emails would know it . You gave yourself away .
What is this place ? Do you know where we are ?|We 're in my living room , spencer . This is my house . Why are you acting like such an imbecile ?
Han , it 's not like you 're gonna gain it All back by eating one cookie . You know you want one .|We really thought you were dead .
Okay , it 's your turn .|You know , my father always told me that I married up .
Ah !|Here , you 've heard what 's happened to the orchestra this term . No girls from Springfield . Complete ban . Not fair . Why ? Oh , their breasts were getting too big . Temptations of the devil . How will we survive ?
We 're really happy to see you too , mona . Do not call me that again . You know how much i loathe that bitch .|So , alison ... More tea ?
I 'm afraid , Michael Travis , I lost your essay somewhere in the Mont Blanc Tunnel ... but I 'm sure it was good .|Right . Europe in the 19th century and the growth of nationalism .
The object of the game is to be ready for your date By acquiring an outfit . Then you get to open the door And find out who your mystery date is .|Like this .
Do you have a view ?|Well , if you insist on staring at me like a load of Christmas puddings ... you can at least write . Perhaps you 'll allow me to teach you , Travis , to make drudgery divine .
Hey , let 's get these shoes .|Right there . Flashlight , utility knife , and ... magnets ?
Said by whom , uh , Travis ?|Plumb . J. H. Plumb ?
Two triangles are congruent when one fits exactly over the other .|The sides of the one equal the sides of the other .
A lot of dust in here .|Looks like I got two sets of footprints .
Looks like I got two sets of footprints .|Some going in , some going out . Looks like the one going in matches the treads on the shoes of the victim . The set coming out must have found another way up to the roof .
You can 't get to that overpass Without passing a camera , right ?|What the ...
Where 's the nearest access to this duct ?|It 's through here .
There are boys in college ... in whom the muscles of creativeness are flexing ... the pinions of imagination twitching .|That 's what makes my job worth doing . That 's what makes college an exciting place .
Philips . Philips , you 're wanted . Rowntree . Yeah . Go , Philips . Mmm . Here . Here . I 'll have some more then .|Come in .
Marks from a shoe . Number two climbed up through here . Ah , uninvited guest .|I 'm sorry it happened , okay ? But I can 't have this following me for the rest of my life . Can I count on you or not ?
Is my mom okay ?|You know you 're mona . It wanted me to become alison . So that 's who i am when it 's watching . It thinks it beat me . But i 'm still here . I 'm the one who 's winning the game .
Is she okay ? My mom ?|I saw her a lot in the beginning . But there was a trial . They convicted ali for your murder .
Say " thank you . "|Aries . That 's Mick .
Aries . That 's Mick .|" No matter how strong the urge ... " resist any temptation to go into battle this month . " Otherwise , you run the risk of not only being on the wrong side ... but possibly in the wrong war . " So now you know .
All right , Nikki , you can go back over with Drew .|I guess it 's a place that Eric went without the others . Whatever secret he was keeping from his friends ... looks like it came back and bit him .
Is your brother buying a motorcycle ? He couldn 't afford it .|Priced a couple of models . Got loan rates . Secret missions , big ticket purchases . He was making his urban spelunking pay off . Oxygen . These pipes in the chase , they carry oxygen . Some kind of scientific facility ? A lab or a hospital ? Not too many of those in the five boroughs .
It 's " a . "|Any chance of " a " hurting Those girls again died with mona . Mona was " a . " That 's true . But it all started again When she was locked up in radley . It was the same game , but with a new puppet master . And the stakes were higher than ever .
We like the elevator . My parents put it in for me . This place sucks , but at least it 's all on one floor . So Lisa , why are you in a wheelchair ?|Spina bifida . Everyone 's always afraid to ask .
Stand up when a whip 's in your study .|Get your hands out of your pockets .
Man :  dispatch . Put out an apb for caleb rivers . Yes , ma 'am . What ?|You don 't happen to know where he is , Do you , officer cavanaugh ?
Go on . In the middle .|Back a bit . Forward a bit .
All these songs are from like 7 years ago . A night at the opera . That was the prom theme the last year That melissa took ian . So " a 's " recreating a prom we already had ?|Well , if i 'm on the election committee , You can be sure i 'll win that crown . Sort of like old times , huh , spencer ? Remember when i rigged the election for you To win class president ?
Well , if i 'm on the election committee , You can be sure i 'll win that crown . Sort of like old times , huh , spencer ? Remember when i rigged the election for you To win class president ?|Want to fill some of these out ? I 'll help you if you help me .
No file here . I 'm running out of hiding places . You ?|More magnets .
We know about " a . "|Are you okay ? So this is going to be our senior prom ? We 're decorating with construction paper and tape ? Maybe that 's part of our punishment , To put together the lamest prom ever . You know , this space is actually pretty awesome . I 'm surprised " a " doesn 't have the imagination To see it . It 's a big , ugly room . Okay , but what if ...
" Keep , therefore , and do them ...|" for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations ...
It 's hollow here .|Electromagnetism ?
We need to tell the other girls ' parents What we know . Agreed , but we were hoping to have some more answers Before we do that . I don 't understand why you can 't take This information to the police . Everything we give tanner She twists to fit her own theory . Then let 's take our case to the media . I can call angela king at the philadelphia press . She owes me a favor . Mr. Hastings , with what we know about " a , " That is just not the right move . What do you know about " a ? " Everything 's in those boxes . And about a dozen more in a storage unit Up on the north highway . How did we not see this happening again ? Forcing the girls to keep things from you Is what " a " does best . All right . Well , maybe if we look at all this together ...|We might find something that you guys missed . But before you do that ...
We got rainy day money . Old gold coins . I got a letter here from Dr. Janns to Dr. McKenna ... dated 22 years ago . Dr. Janns is concerned with Victoria Carson 's cramps . " Naturally , the tests we ran were not exhaustive . " " To be on the safe side , I recommend you have all appropriate tests done " " to determine the health of the fetus . " Janns warned McKenna something might be wrong , and McKenna did nothing . This is the smoking gun . But the rest of Victoria Carson 's file is not in here . Eric wouldn 't give McKenna the whole package without getting paid . Unless Victoria Carson remembers seeing Janns . But is not sure what 's in the file . I mean , it was 22 years ago . Look , if she made a formal request for that file , Dr. McKenna 's lawyer would find out . So maybe Drew came up with the idea of Eric stealing the file . And Eric , before he turned it over to Drew ... he read it . Realized its value . He kept it . If Drew found out Eric was trying to sell it to McKenna , that puts Drew at the head of the class to kill Eric . Why are you looking at his shoes ? We want to see if the treads match the ones at the crime scene . Crime scene ? You mean Eric , right ? I know what happened to Eric . He fell . He didn 't have good balance . He was misaligned . How do you mean ? He had scoliosis . You 've met him .|No , I ... I saw him on a video of the birthday party my brother had for his girlfriend . And you noticed that he had curvature of the spine ? Eric had one shoulder higher than the other . I 'm very sensitive to these things . Lisa .
All right . Right ! All of you on your toes ! Get your sweaters .|Get your sweaters .
It 's melissa .|Melissa ...
War . Even to the knife ! England , awake !|Give me another horse !
Yeah , but his scoliosis is so mild , she would have never picked that up on a video . She would have had to meet him in person . And she doesn 't want anybody to know about it , not even Drew . You saw how she changed the subject when he came in . Maybe Eric came to see her about the letter before he went to McKenna . Yes , and maybe selling the letter to McKenna was her idea . To what , sabotage her own lawsuit ? Her mother 's lawsuit . A wrongful life lawsuit . Maybe Lisa didn 't think there was anything wrong with her life . Maybe she didn 't want to give the jury a chance to say that her mother should have aborted her .|They didn 't find anything , mom . You have got to be more careful , Drew !
Water , Mrs. Kemp ? Lovely day , Mrs. Kemp .|Salt , Mrs. Kemp ? Spring greens , Mrs. Kemp ?
Cheering at College matches has degenerated completely .|This will cease . The house will attend the match this afternoon and cheer ... Loudly .
The receptionist recognized Eric from the picture . He met you here .|So , what 'd you talk about ? The lawsuit ?
So , what 'd you talk about ? The lawsuit ?|Let 's talk about the lawsuit . Did you ever think that if your mother was tested when she was pregnant , that you wouldn 't be here ? I had to be here . Uh , I 'm the one who brought mom and dad together . Your mom tell you that ? Dad did . She takes good care of you , your mom , right ? Well , she 's organized your little saddlebag there . You got books and snacks . No . Drew does that . He helped me with tagging my chair too . It 's my design . I 'm going into graphic arts next year . So what is it that your mother does for you ?
Let 's talk about the lawsuit . Did you ever think that if your mother was tested when she was pregnant , that you wouldn 't be here ? I had to be here . Uh , I 'm the one who brought mom and dad together . Your mom tell you that ? Dad did . She takes good care of you , your mom , right ? Well , she 's organized your little saddlebag there . You got books and snacks . No . Drew does that . He helped me with tagging my chair too . It 's my design . I 'm going into graphic arts next year . So what is it that your mother does for you ?|Does she help with your medical care ? Your hygiene ? She helps you dress ? Drew helps me . Since dad died . So maybe for your mother , the lawsuit was not just about getting money for your care . No . It 's just the money . Well , maybe she thinks that she should have had the chance to stop you from being born . That ... she wants a court to say that ... yours is a wrongful life . No ! My mother loves me .
Does she help with your medical care ? Your hygiene ? She helps you dress ? Drew helps me . Since dad died . So maybe for your mother , the lawsuit was not just about getting money for your care . No . It 's just the money . Well , maybe she thinks that she should have had the chance to stop you from being born . That ... she wants a court to say that ... yours is a wrongful life . No ! My mother loves me .|She would have had me no matter what . Why 'd you meet with Eric ?
And I 'm like a tiger .|I like tigers .
I don 't , um ... the lawsuit , Eric , he didn 't know ? That 's what he said . Did he tell you what was in the file he stole ? He said he didn 't look . He just kept asking about the lawsuit , and how much it was for .|I just wanted information . Sometimes people act like I don 't exist . Eric didn 't know about the lawsuit until he spoke to Lisa . He had no reason to steal the letter before handing the file over to Drew . Meaning he had nothing to sell Dr. McKenna .
The thing about coming in through the back door Is the view is entirely different . 40.0508 north , 75.4044 west . Those are coordinates . That 's where the van is . Are you sure about this ?|Like i said , that 's where the van is .
Let 's go .|If they were all that easy ... I 'm starting to think you 're overpaid . He 's lying about the letter . You know , this murder confession is practically an afterthought . His affect is one of convincing us that the letter is real . The letter is not real . Dr. Janns did not write McKenna . This is a sidebar , detective . We have our murderer . Drew could be lying to protect his mother . Lisa overheard Drew talking to her about Eric . Whatever you do , do not endanger this confession .
Quiet . As soon as you 've finished ... juniors to the sweat room and seniors to their studies . And wait in silence . Carry on .|Fisher . That 's your second bun ! I saw you . Put it back !
Now !|Let 's go . Let 's get the hell out of here . Let 's go . Hurry . Let 's go . Let 's go , let 's go , let 's go . Go , go !
Lieutenant , over here .|What did you find ?
This shouldn 't take long .|Drew ? Have a seat , Ms. Carson .
Well , have you anything to say ? Any of you ?|Yes . I have .
Drew ?|Don 't you ? I mean , you found the letter , right ? Letter that Janns wrote to your mother . And you used that to ... fake the letter that you planted in Eric 's apartment ? Isn 't that true ? The two of you panicked , when , you know , Eric was threatening to tell Dr. McKenna about his midnight excursion to Murray hill hospital . I mean , you panicked because that would have torpedoed your lawsuit . And you ... 'cause you didn 't want Lisa to know why she was brought into this world . 'Cause it wasn 't because she was the love child that brought her ... you know , her parents together . No , she was just a spoke in this web that your mother wove . So what are you gonna do ? You gonna leave Lisa with this , um , woman ? Take care of Lisa ? How would that work ? What , would that be out of the goodness of your heart ? Do you think you would trust this woman 's maternal instincts ?
Is that you , charles ?|Mona : Spencer ?
Thank you , Rowntree .|Travis .
Aria : What is that ? Mona : Hurry .|Oh , my god .
We 're still trapped . We can climb it . Let 's go .|Stop !
For the first time in 13 years ... College House has won the Bigley Memorial Marathon Chalice .|This house has seen great days . It 's going to see them again . We 're back on the right track at last . But I don 't want you to think you can relax . It 's up to everyone to pull together .
I want to see each one of you going all out .|I know you 've got it in you . So let 's see College House back on top .
Help him ! I got the shooter !|Move it !
So , anybody want to go grab a beer or something ? I can 't , I gotta work tommorrow . Craig , don 't be a jerk . How does having a job make me a jerk ? Hey , Vick !|Pop , you didn 't have to pick me up . Well , here I am anyway . How are you , sir ? It 's good to see you . Sorry to break up the party , I just want to get my girl home safe . Well , I guess I 'll catch you later , guys . Love you , Vick .
Hey , thanks for coming .|Thanks for asking .
Death to the oppressor .|The resistance .
The resistance .|Liberty .
Something wrong with the way I play cards ? You get a little heated up is all , when things don 't go your way . Yeah ? Forget the whole thing . Hey Jo , do you play cards ? Sure . I 'm a Texas holdum girl . There you go .|It 's for the best , trust me .
I 'm moving and I found this when I was boxing up Angus 's things . What is it ? It 's a letter to Angus from his friend Vicky , written the day he died .|'You say you want to marry me but you don 't know what that means . ' Angus was over the moon for Vicky , but I never knew he 'd proposed . She 's asking for more time .
Commissioner reagan , my wife sheila . Nice to finally meet you . Nice to meet you , too . Look , uh , i gotta make the rounds . I 'll be right back . Sheila : Okay .|Detective miller . How 's that sound ? Fantastic , sir . This is my mother , phyllis . Nice to meet you . We 're lucky to have him . Well , thank you . And my father , don . Don . Congratulations . Thank you . Yeah . Tell me where we 've met . We haven 't . Oh . Well , enjoy this day . Thank you , sir .
It 's where good karma comes from , you know .|Acts of kindness .
Get your hands off him ! Help me ! Help me ! Get off !|Get back ! Off !
We got a problem .|That woman ... Says there were two people in the car . Come again ? Yeah , she says the guy you collared Wasn 't even the one driving . So , who was ? She couldn 't see , But she swears mr . Santiago was in the passenger seat , And when the car came back around the block , He was behind the wheel and alone . Maybe she 's confused .
Empty those rifles at once . Hand over those rifles instantly !|Come on . Hand them over .
You know , it 's a little cold for the bike . Can I go with you ?|Yeah , sure . You 're gonna pick Angus 's beater over this beautiful ride ? Hey , ease up on my wheels , man . I 'm not too cold .
Very seriously indeed .|Reverend Woods might have been quite badly hurt . Do you realize that ? Now I want you to apologize to him . Is that clear ?
Come on , let 's blow this taco stand . Show Craig what a beater can do .|You 're awsome , you know that ?
It 's a natural characteristic of adolescence to want to proclaim individuality . There 's nothing unhealthy about that . It 's a quite blameless form of existentialism .|This , for instance , is what lies at the heart of the great hair problem .
Angus !|Oh , my god .
But after they hit mia , You made them get out of the car . And then you drove around the block . Can you take me to jail now ? Mr. Santiago , just talk to me . I wrote down my confession . That 's called making a false statement . Jamie : Hey , eddie . Hey , what 's going on here , partner ? She 's saying that i 'm lying . I 'm saying you 're doing something wrong Even if it 's for the right reasons . Eddie , let 's go . Now . Because he 's already been interrogated . Detective , i was just ... Going on a little crusade , like your partner ? Excuse me ? Yeah , reagan , everyone knows you like to kick over rocks , In hopes of finding a promotion underneath . But your old man is not his old man . So , you screw with my case again , You will regret it .|I 'll take him down to central booking myself . Let 's go .
This ought to warm you up .| man : Watch out . Wait . Wait , cut . Cut !
Guard , present ... arms !|Guard , shoulder ... arms !
If I hadn 't ... . She found a way to forgive Angus but she 's never forgiven herself .|Well , after that , everything changed . It was Life , Part 2 . Your friends ever threaten Angus direct ? Craig did . A few times . Told Angus to stay away from me or he 's regret it . Any chance Craig found out somehow about Angus proposing ?
Well , after that , everything changed . It was Life , Part 2 . Your friends ever threaten Angus direct ? Craig did . A few times . Told Angus to stay away from me or he 's regret it . Any chance Craig found out somehow about Angus proposing ?|Angus had this fantasy that things would go back to normal . That Craig would be his best bud again .
But you haven 't yet ?|Every day , we say , " today we 'll go . " And then jerry says he 's not ready .
'OK . I 'll get back to you . '|Michael , I need to ask you some questions about Rikki Neville .
Michael , you don 't have to stay and speak to DS Flynn . You can leave at any time . Or if you do speak to her , you 're still under caution . Anything you say can be used in evidence , don 't forget that .|I want to help .
I want to help .|Yes . DS Twyler . Have you got DCI Huntley there with you , by any chance ? 'Uh , no , not seen her , she 's not here . She 's probably at home . '
So who was the guy hanging around Vicky 's room ? The fireman who pulled her out of the car , saved her life . What was he doing there ? He was always there . So he fell for her ? I thought he was just basking in the hero glow at first but it turned out , yeah , he fell for her . Maybe he would of had something to say if he found out Angus proposed . I 'd put money on it . So whatever happened to this guy ?|Vicky married him . That 's what . The fireman 's her husband .
They killed my daughter .|Detectives , i don 't know what you want me to say . Okay , so you confess to killing alana robbins , Jake gayley and curtis fallows . Yes .
Detectives , i don 't know what you want me to say . Okay , so you confess to killing alana robbins , Jake gayley and curtis fallows . Yes .|For what they did to my daughter , they deserved it . This department didn 't think They even deserved to be arrested . This department ? You heard her . All i heard was excuses Why nothing could be proven , Why none of them could be charged . There are such things as laws . There 's also what 's right . So you decide to play god ? Is that what you did ? " for if there was harm , you shall appoint as penalty Life for life , eye for eye , tooth for tooth . " Exodus 21 : 23 . " do not take vengeance against evil , But wait for the lord , and he will avenge you . " Proverbs 20 : 22 . You ever had a child die ? Almost . And a broken heart is no excuse for what the hell you did ! I came to you people for help , And nothing happened ! I am not A smart man Or a rich man , But i am a family man . And as such , i did what 's right . Really ? Yes , i did !
I 'll meet you back at ... Thanks , boss .|All I have is green tea , is that all right ? That 'll be fine .
OK , we 'll leave it there .|I 've remembered the name of the hospital .
Lot of opinions being thrown around on talk radio About what to do with that decarlo guy . Since when do you listen to talk radio ? Since you haven 't fixed the cd player in the car . Talk radio is just that : All talk . Is he the man you looked for forever ? Yep . Then your grandpa Took over , and then your father . What did he do ? He shot and killed a cop , that 's what he did . Allegedly .|Listen , Pop saw decarlo shoot steve dixon , And eyewitness testimony from a fellow police officer Goes a long way . If that 's what i really saw .
I 'll be OK . You 'll see .|I think he wanted to become a fireman . Save people . Like that fireman who saved Vicky . Did he ever take the test ? Never got to . He was killed a few days later .
Jamie : Yeah , no matter who remembers what , Decarlo still has to pay . But first , we got to build a case .|You know what you saw , pop .
Ted Hastings , usual story . He 's got a bee in his bonnet .|As good as told me you 've been under disproportionate pressure to secure charges against Farmer . Executive pressure .
Carlos santiago ? Yeah ?|Relax . You 're not in trouble . Yeah , in fact , Uh , congratulations are in order . Heard you had a great meeting with the recruiter From vanderbilt last thursday . How do you know that ? Uh , we 're cops . We find out stuff .
Lost my appetite .|Anything to do with last night ?
The body that was still missing .|Leonie Collersdale .
Thank you , baker .|Commissioner . As you were . Have a seat .
Do you know why i detained your father After the promotion ceremony ? Yes , sir . He told me about it .|Told you what , exactly ? Well , he said that there was an incident when he was a kid , A ... A cop that had been shot and killed , And that he might have been at the scene at the time . " might have been " ? Yes , sir . He said that it was almost 40 years ago . He said he barely remembered it . Well ... After the shooting , He went into hiding and changed his name .
Where did you get that , Vicky ?|I found it hidden in my father 's hall closet . The day after Angus was murdered .
DS Arnott .|Document 17 in your folders . Transcript of interview with Michael Farmer . When asked to account for his whereabouts around the time of Leonie Collersdale 's disappearance , Mr Farmer referred to a hospital admission . He misled my detectives .
Detective . I 'm sorry , sir . Where 's my wife , officer ?|Name on the ID was Mary Jeffries .
Name on the ID was Mary Jeffries .|She was gonna change her tire ?
She was gonna change her tire ?|Yes , sir . rucker must not have seen her get out of the vehicle . No that 's just not right , Mary would wait for me .
Yes , sir . rucker must not have seen her get out of the vehicle . No that 's just not right , Mary would wait for me .|I should have been with her tonight , if I had just been with her .
I should have been with her tonight , if I had just been with her .|Can I call someone for you ?
Well . This is great news . Congratulations . Well done . Thank you very much , sir . I mean , you know , it 's great for you , reflects well on the department , and , er ... I shall be taking my fair share of the credit , don 't you worry .|Anyway , I think we should find a bit of time and maybe , you know , we could discuss your future . Yeah , I 'd like that , sir , thank you . I 'm following the shift pattern of my undercover , but I could do a drink one night ?
'Hello ? ' Police officer . I 'm sorry to trouble you . Could you let me into the building , please ?|Thanks , miss . Stay where you are , please .
When we served the search warrant , She said she was going back to montana right away . Maybe she had more hunting to do . Not using a gun . We found all of jerry 's . Well , she 's handy with a knife . You could find those easy enough in the city . Well , who would she go after ? Cat holloway would know . She might even be on the list .  Come on , come on , come on , come on . Cat  : Cinema kitty studios . Leave a message . Nothing . No answer ? No . I 'm driving . You try her again .|Is somebody there ?
Devin told us about your stalker routine outside Vicky 's place .|You still in love means you have a motive to get rid of the competition . You don 't understand .
Only complaint i have is about these two . Go on . Tell her .|My dad wasn 't driving when that kid got hit . I was .
You 're on the hook for murder Craig and we 're losing our patience here .|I was right there when it happened .
Donald decarlo .|What is it now ? We got you . You got squat . Confessing on tape . I didn 't go on any tape . You didn 't know you were going on tape . Big difference .
I was right there when it happened .|I could have helped her but I froze .
Donald decarlo , you are under arrest For the murder of police officer steven dixon .  you have the right to remain silent And refuse to answer questions . Anything you do say May be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to consult an attorney And to have an attorney present during any questioning now Or in the future ... And that 's that .|Captioning sponsored by cbs And toyota . Captioned by media access group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
Oh .|Gentlemen , today 's a new beginning ... and that can be scary .
Yes . To investigate his murder . I mean while he was alive .|No .
I mean , we 're getting married . Luke .|Married .
Married .|You and me .
I was a pathetic coward .|I blamed Angus for all of it . But I didn 't kill him .
OK . Thanks , ma 'am , that 's been very helpful .|Ideally , I 'd like to come up to the hospital and talk to 'anyone who can account for the whereabouts 'of Mr Farmer on the night of the 25th ... '
" A terrible mistake , " Your partner said . " Made by an eager , real talented rookie . " And Angus figured it out . Started reading up . Ian ? What 's going on ?|I had to get you out . Smoke was coming out of that engine .
I bought a house , Twickham house . I bought it for us . I don 't have it anymore . I could probably get it back , but I just thought you should know . I bought it . For the kids , that we don 't have to have . It 's a big house , and we don 't have to fill it up with kids , you know ? We could , we could get furniture . Go shopping for a couch , or get some end tables .|I hat shopping for furniture . For me , kids are easier . I love shopping . Go to sleep . Mmkay .
You saved me . He was trying to save you . He saw the car was about to catch fire .|I moved too fast , the last push knocked you forward ...
He sent me something else .|Tell me .
Yes .|It 's really happening .
I thought this was all about money . Money is just what makes them believe they can do this .|How quickly will they arrest them ?
Sorry .|Kids would be good .
He 's hurting her .|She 's ... She 's ...
I didn 't do anything . You 're a total fraud . Everyone thinks you 're some big hero but I 'm gonna tell them the truth . Look you little pissant , you crashed a car and when you were crawling away on your hands and knees I was saving a life . But you lied . And I 'm gonna tell everybody what you did . And then you 're gonna know what it feels like to be hate for one stupid mistake .|The real Halloween killer is still on the loose tonight . Police have launched a massive search to find the man who stabbed and killed a Grey 's Ferry girl late last night . The witnesses reported that the man was dressed as the main character in the slasher picture The Halloween . Local groups have begun to call on theaters to stop showing the film .
Look , I 've got it downloaded .|I 'm going to take it in .
Paris .|You .
Money , marbles or chalk , gentlemen . I 'm taking all bets . My rookie hits this ball clear over the grandstand . You can do it , honey pie . Just one more pitch ! This is it ! I 'll send you back to the cotton fields , you hear me boy ?|The count is 3 and 2 , here 's the wind up , and the pitch !
I 'd like my name back .|I 'm tellin ' my dad , you 're gonna be sorry you didn 't keep your paws to yourself , boy .
Oh , come on ! You should get a real cash register , Luke . It 's called character , Joe . It 's items like this that give a place character . Evening , Luke ! Yeah , sit down , Kirk , I 'll be right with you . I 'm not interested in food , Luke . I 'm here on business . I hear you might be in the market for a ring . Or should I be talking to Lorelai ? Go away , Kirk . Well , then , it 's your lucky day . Because I happen to be in possession of the finest estate ring collection in Connecticut . And since you are a friend , I 'm prepared to make you a great deal . Or will Lorelai be the one paying for it ? No , she will not be paying for it , Kirk . Ah , East Side Tilly called it wrong , this time . Look , I 'll take care of finding the ring , okay ?|You 're sure you don 't want to take a look before you toss me out ? No . I don 't . Nice , huh ? Well , yeah . They are nice . Really nice . Wow , look at this one ! This is perfect ! It looks like Lorelai . It sure does . Yeah . And , these are real ? Yes , they are . I mean , real diamonds , not " they exist " real ? Diamond and platinum . I have a certificate of authenticity for every one of these babies . Kirk , where 'd you get all these rings ? I befriend really old women . Excuse me ? Really old women need companionship , Luke . They are really old . Most people they know are dead . So when someone comes along and they 're not dead , and they 'll listen to their stories and care about their dosage , they are grateful . Are you serious ? Serious as a heart attack . Which is how I got that ring you 're holding right now . So what do you think ? I think you 've got some great choices here . Good . Actually , I have a lot of sympathy for what you 're going through .
But I couldn 't live with myself .|All right , then .
And you 're okay with this ? I 'm totally okay with this .|Come on , let 's go . I thought you were starving .
So , Moody made a threat . We both know players talk smack when it comes to playing time . But when Clyde hit that home run , all the negros run out on the field like they just won the World Series , all except Moody . What was the deal with the scar ? You follow up on that ? Negro player told me he got it in a pop bottle fight with his cousin . And ? And his cousin wasn 't around no more .|Exsuce me , sir . You Moody Brown ?
She did nothing ! Nothing 's packed , nothing 's ready to go ! Where are Rory 's good clothes ? I don 't know , but I will continue to search for them frantically . Are you just going to sit there ? I was instructed to stay until you leave . Like I need to be watched . Like I 'm a meth head stealing a television set to support my habit . Well , this is completely unacceptable ! Rory needs something to wear to court ! I 'm sorry , if you 're talking to me , you 'll have to do it in woofs .|You 've been working with my daughter way too long . Don 't I know it .
I hope we picked the right outfit here . It 's coming off a little more Mennonite than I had hoped . The girl looks fine , Emily . Leave her alone . Are you nervous ? No . And you shouldn 't be . Everything will be fine , it 'll be over before you know it . Court calls the state versus Lorelai Gilmore . Who is Lorelai Gilmore ? I am . That 's my real name . Good thing I found out about it now . Could have been a little embarrassing later .|Rory ! Rory , unbutton the sweater a little . Emily , stop it ! I don 't want her to look like she 's trying too hard . I understand that a plea agreement has been reached . That 's correct , your Honor . Miss Gilmore , please stand .
" Dear Lorelai , I was shocked and saddened by your decision not to be at home when I came by for Rory 's things . "|My God .
I get it now .|Steiner was ... It messed with my head for a bit , but I 'm good now . Holly will never get that . She 's not ambitious .
Steiner was ... It messed with my head for a bit , but I 'm good now . Holly will never get that . She 's not ambitious .|Jude .
Where is this place ?|You know , don 't you ?
Oh , hi , um , am I too late ? Oh , no , no , please join us . We 're very happy to have two new members today . Now , we were just talking about how , At the end of a chapter , It 's really good to say something provocative . And then move on . Latin lover narrator : Ah , yes , something along the lines of , " little did jane know One of these people would change her life . " Which , by the way , is true .|Now , thrusting forward . Thank you for coming . You 'll recall Michael had a meeting at the marbella . And you remember aaron , right ? I 've meditated on this a bit , on what to do , and ... 
My brother 's always got himself into trouble . He 's careless . It 's my job to look after him . Alistair can look after himself . He looks after himself very well indeed . Take your money and get the fuck away from us .|You are a jumped up little cunt , aren 't you ?
You are a jumped up little cunt , aren 't you ?|That really the best you 've got ?
I kept it safe for them .|The only thing Alistair couldn 't touch .
I don 't need this . Why ? I thought you liked it . On you . Wow ! This is you packing . Prepacking . Sorting . Hey ! Those are my shoes . Sorry , my mistake . Hey , this is my jean jacket . All right , come on . I wear it way more than you do . No ! She 's stealing ! I 'm sorting .|My move in with rogelio .
Oh , hi . Sorry , I 'm , I 'm blinking weird because I 've had these peepers on for hours now . So we 're thinking whoever this is might 've killed your mom in order to use her identity . Yeah , well , that 's why I 'm flipping through these books of the dead . It would explain why Otis hasn 't heard from her since he was eight years old . How 'd you account for that growing up ? Well , my mother was a mental patient . She had a breakdown when I was eight . Almost burned down the house with me in it , so my father committed her to the Philadelphia city asylum . What was going on with your mom ? Manic depression . " Bipolar " is the new term . After she was committed , you didn 't see her anymore ? Yeah , well , we visited her a few times , but me and my dad went our own way . He got married again . You ever try to find your mom ? I mean , it 's not like I didn 't toy with it , but I figured she forgot about me . Same way she forgot she shouldn 't be setting fires around your kid .|I don 't need to look at that twice .
The morning Bettie was released .|And there 's her opportunity .
'They make you feel just like them . 'Just as bad , just as dirty . '|We need to go to the police .
I will not !|Uh ... Guys ... 
With everyone .| : I 'm leaving now , mom , But I want to see you later At calle ocho at 4 : 00 . I 'll see you at calle ocho .
No , thanks . Me and Will were just leaving . You two have a nice night .|What are you doing ? Offering a ride . Maybe keep the charity out of Vera 's earshot . Ah , they 're giving us grief . It 's nothing . It 's nothing when they do it to you .
What are you doing ? Offering a ride . Maybe keep the charity out of Vera 's earshot . Ah , they 're giving us grief . It 's nothing . It 's nothing when they do it to you .|You 're not doing yourself any favors , clamming up about what happened with that sergeant White . Sherman filled me in . Why don 't you tell the truth ? Because Vera and them are walking around thinking you 're something you 're not . Some thing ? Like what ?
Rafael solano . I am david bisbal . Petra : Anything you need , You just let me know . First , I hit up calle ocho , And then I 'm back here , I don 't know , About an hour before the show , okay ? Of course . Anything , bro . No , guys . Thank you . Bye .|Bro ? Who will be taking care of mr . Bisbal 's dog ? I 'm sorry ... Excuse me ? David needs someone to watch his dog till after the show . Wait , we weren 't told anything about a dog . Should we find another place to stay ? No . No , no , no , no , no , no . No . We 'll take the dog . Yeah , we 're good . This is diablo . That 's ... Cute . Okay . Hi . Hi , diablo . His diet needs to be closely monitored , As well as his assorted rashes . Here 's his schedule . It 's detailed . I expect you two to personally take care of him . Got it . Yeah .
The problem isn 't always where you think it is . It 's often further back . Hmm .|They find anything else on the flash drive ? No . Just the name tony vaughn . Can 't believe it . Me neither . I mean ... All right , you need to step back . You don 't have to literally shadow me . If I step further back , I can 't hear .
They find anything else on the flash drive ? No . Just the name tony vaughn . Can 't believe it . Me neither . I mean ... All right , you need to step back . You don 't have to literally shadow me . If I step further back , I can 't hear .|Fine , I 'll step back .
I guess I 'm no good to him sick . And there 's no cure for that .|I want Otis to have the best life there is . Promise . Promise me straight from the heart , Terrence . He 'll get the best . I promise , Bettie .
Okay , what is going on here ?|He won 't stop barking .
It was Carmen 's last chance for what ?|It was after that , that the hospital and her family decided it was time for Carmen to have her lobotomy . Because of the art class ? The nude black man pushed them over the edge . How 'd Carmen feel about getting the ... The old ice pick through the eye ? What do you think ?
That you 're being raped .|I think I get to decide if I was raped , Holly .
What did he do ?|To protect the hospital and his reputation ... he ... he made Anton clean up my mess .
Couldn 't fend for herself .|I put her in my truck .
What 'd you do with her , Anton ?|I tried to be merciful .
I tried to be merciful .|It 's all right , Bettie .
Then it 's broken . This is broken .|And I 'll make you stop .
Latin lover narrator : Rafael , not so much .|Michael : He 's headed south , Nadine : Got it . We have two officers on foot heading over .
I don 't know how to do that .|You 're doing it . You 're here with me .
Oh , God , absolutely not .|Nice to see your judgment remains entirely appearance based . Not at all , I 'm a fantastic judge of character . What did you think of me when you first met me ?
Hey ! Hey , boy ! Uh ... That 's a good boy . Uh , heel , heel ! Stay , stay . Oh , no ! No ! No ! No ! No ! I 'll get him ! I 'll get him ! Go get him ! Go ! Diablo ! Hey ! Hey , boy ! Hey ! Hey !|What ? Oh ... . Oh , no ! Wait , diablo !
And it 's Thanksgiving for him , too . Can I have the wishbone , Vaughn ? Man , what you gonna wish for ? I don 't know . Lot 's of things .|First we say thanks .
This is the fourth year of the Solasta Women 's Initiative .|It was created for a very simple reason .
Cedric Bubley , 2001|Quincy Bubley , 2003
Latin lover narrator : Oh , if only it were that easy for her and rafael . David : It 's a pleasure being here tonight with all of you . Are you ready ? !  Latin lover narrator : See , the truth is , jane did hold out hope . Even though she knew she shouldn 't .|Jane , look .
Four out of five brothers dead . All shot in Fairhill , all unsolved . Mother give you any help on who killed them ? Mother gave me crap . Hates cops . So , the shooting last night . There 's another turf war between the O 's and the 9th Streeters ? Looks that way but the gang unit says the leader of the O 's Miguel Maldonado has some kind of running feud with the Bubley family . What about ? Don 't know but Miguel 's name was in every one of these boxes as a person of interest . So you think he 's behind all the murders ? What if Luther didn 't just get caught up in a turf war last night , maybe it was perosnal ? The problem is Miguel 's untouchable . 'Cause snitches get stiches . He is known as a real sadist . Well there 's one brother left . Patrick . You get anyone to finger Miguel for these jobs we put him away . Solve one Bubley murder , solve them all . And maybe keep Patrick from joining his brothers here .|Ow ! What the hell ?
Ow ! What the hell ?|Why did Luther Bubley shoot you , Carlos ?
You 're a terrible cop , you know that ? Last night , Yin 's Market ? How 's the shooting start ? I was goofing around on my scooter .|You grab some milk , man , I 'm grabbing the flakes , all right ? I don 't want cereal . OK well maybe Ma wants some . She only remember smoke no more . You gotta feul up before school . I ain 't going to school . So what you saying ? You dropped out . Quit playing ball . Yeah , well you ain 't me , all right ? I 'm not gonna let you waste your talent being stupid . You wasted yours .
It was created for a very simple reason .|My business benefits from a female workforce , but somehow something makes that a little bit more difficult to achieve than it should be . If Solasta can play even a small role in correcting that imbalance , then I 'm over the moon . I mean , some of the most exciting people working for me came directly from this initiative , so ... I look forward to seeing some of your faces in the future . Professor ?
'But the others should know ...|'The others should know what being Alistair 's " top girl " really means . 'How they make you feel just like them ... ' .. just as bad , just as dirty . '
My solicitor said it would be best to come here .|Are you going to say anything ?
You made me believe that you were good .|Nothing 's changed . " Nothing 's changed " ? ! You 're a fucking rapist ! I had consensual sex . Oh , what is wrong with you ? Jude ! I didn 't rape her .
Hey , don 't anyone know what day it is ? Thanksgiving . That 's right . And look what I brought . You brought chicken for Thanksgiving ? And I got the sides . Get some plates on the table .|Quincy , you bring me something ?
Oh no , that 's not what I meant at all ... the foolish little ... the insolent ... uh ...|Smart aleck ! She refused to believe in the Big Bad Bear .
Smart aleck ! She refused to believe in the Big Bad Bear .|She would say , " Oh no , the Big Bad Bear ... that 's just a story the Grey One tells us at night , while she 's endlessly sipping her chamomile tea . "
Come here , little birdie ... Nice little birdy ...|Come back , you nasty little creature ! Come back !
Miguel 's cousin .|Why didn 't Miguel call me ? I guess he 's busy . He 's gonna be a daddy .
Come on .|Where have you been ?
The little mouse ?|What do you mean the little mouse ? Why , the little mouse fairy , of course !
Miguel don 't tell me nothing .|So he never confided he murdered four of her sons ?
You couldn 't keep up . Now things are happening without you .|I don 't know you at all , do I ?
Come on now bad boy , shoot !|You ruined our family .
What are you doing ? Bye , Professor .|Rory , talk to me .
Shoulda pulled the trigger when you had a chance !|So what Miguel set after him ? I just know he got shot that night . Probably not a coincedence .
I know you 're right . Miguel 's not good . But I 'm hung up on him .|Bet he 'll make a hell of a parent .
Let me keep you safe .|Do you understand ?
Ernest , Ernest , my name is Ernest . I 'd like a roll , can you give me some dough ?|I don 't need a whole baguette , just one slice or two , how does that sound to you ? And do you have any cheese ?
I am going to go get your stuff from halls , wait for me here . When I come back , we can go .|I love you .
Ernest loves mommies and children the best , They 're brimming with goodness , much more than the rest . Would it be so awful to share some of that waffle ? So warm and so sweet It would be such a treat Please don 't walk away , you 'll make my day , Just one little bite ! Ask your mom , it 's alright !|Honey , no !
You talk . We deal . All right . I 'll tell you .|And I hope you choke on it .
They say my boy Cedric is in a dumpster . Someplace .|OK . There 's a lot of those in Fairhill .
OK . There 's a lot of those in Fairhill .|The same boy who put a gun on my girl ? I gotta find him .
I 'm worried about her .|She shouldn 't be out , right ? Holly 's pretty good at taking care of herself . She could be in actual danger .
Nose is wet , glassy eyes , matted fur ... Let 's look at the ears . And the teeth ?|Scary !
You wanna suck on this first ? Get you warmed up .|He say where Cedric was ?
He say where Cedric was ?|An alley dumpster .
An alley dumpster .|Cast off like trash .
Celestine !|Thank you !
Thank you !|You 're welcome .
C 'mon , put your back into it , rookie !|Cheese fondue , nice and hot ! Come have a taste ! There you go , ma 'am , don 't burn your whiskers . Watch where you 're going , young lady ! Sorry , ma 'am , I 'm in a hurry !
I didn 't know Fay and James would ...|James wouldn 't stop .
Ugh ... something smells like garbage around here .|Did you hear ? Hurry up , get in line ! We don 't have all day . You 'll be in big trouble , if you don 't ! So , how many did you collect ? Uh , seven . Is that all ? I got twelve . Twelve ! ? That 's nothing . I usually do even better . What about you , Celestine ? How many did you get ?
Did you ... ?|Did you kill him , Rory ?
Relax , it 's a lot easier if you 're not so tense . This could hurt quite a bit ...|Next !
Hey , what are you doing ?|Taking this . Go home , Patrick .
Fay didn 't kill herself , did she ?|You killed her , too .
Four boys dead . All over a scooter .|Where we going ? I wanna show you something .
Where we going ? I wanna show you something .|We arrested Miguel Maldonado for killing Vaughn . So who took over the O 's ? Oh , you 're going after him huh ? Road you 're going down Patrick , leads right here .
Try again ? " Befare of the Fig Fad Fare ... "|Allow me , please .
And now for the winner of the 1999 W.E.B. DuBois essay contest , Patrick Bubley . Come over son , and get your brand new scooter .|Now I 'm sure all of us would like to hear some of that winning essay of yours . You want me to read it , now ? Maybe just the begining .
Ah ! So this is how we 've been spending our internship ? Drawing pictures , instead of gathering teeth ?|You 're never going to become a dentist that way .
The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event .|December 6,1998
For years we have been delicately and desperately poised upon the brink of a disaster too complete and horrible to contemplate .|There is an old saying : Everyone makes mistakes but that is just what man can no longer afford . For years , we here in the united states have been working on that problem until now it 's been our most closely guarded secret involving great effort and vast expenditure .
Look here , Celestine .|You and I are rodents , we are not bears . Our strength is not in our body mass , our muscles , our claws , our ridiculously large jaws . No ! We are far more delicate creatures . Elegant , refined . Look at our entire civilization , Think of our achievements over the centuries . To what do we owe them all ?
As President of the United states of America I can now tell you , the people of the entire world that as of 3 Am. eastern standard time the defense of this nation and with it , the defense of the free world has been the responsibility of a machine .|A system we call Colossus .
Sorry . Guess it 's no can do . Well can we revisit this later ? There are only two partners of Lionstaff , Scott and me . I get the picture . Ghasty , idiot woman .|I admit , I leaned on her for the bad cops . I don 't enjoy saying no . That word Malvender used . Ghasty ? Hindi . For whore . We learned a few variations . Malvender sounds like an angry guy . And he sounds like her diarist .
In agonizing and unbearable pain . He can no longer eat , or speak . He dies . Tormented by hunger .|Let 's review again from the top .
Let 's review again from the top .|What kind of tooth is the best replacement for a mouse 's tooth ?
So , Celestine ...|You 're going back up there . and get as many teeth as possible from those morons . Okay ?
He had a right to be mad but he was psycho mad . Sounds like you ducked for cover and let him lay on Amy .|Not exactly me at my best . News .
I do not want to see your whiskers back down here , Celestine , until you have collected no less than 50 teeth !|Is that clear ? Fifty teeth , Celestine ! Fifty teeth ...
Is that clear ? Fifty teeth , Celestine ! Fifty teeth ...|Good luck , Celestine . Are you coming ? Yeah ! I 'm coming ! I 'm coming !
Good luck , Celestine . Are you coming ? Yeah ! I 'm coming ! I 'm coming !|Wait up !
Not exactly me at my best . News .|We got some background on Cliff Coleman . Me too . He 's got a rage problem . He also had a rich wife . In ' 94 she died of a heart attack . Like Amy . Plus Coleman has a medical condition , kidneys . Which is managed by potassium chloride in a steady daily dose .
They still doin ' that ? My family 's traditional . So , you were pretty much strangers ? Home was an akward place . I was more comfortable with Amy . She know how you feel ? Love , it 's hard to keep to yourself .|Is this seat taken ? Someone 's shorting our stock , betting against us . I have something I must tell you . I 'm gonna find out who . If it 's anyone inside , my next call 's to the SEC . There is a book . It is called ' Out of Africa ' .
And even more important than that it has no emotions .|Knows no fear , no hate , no envy .
Knows no fear , no hate , no envy .|It cannot act in a sudden fit of temper .
What are you doing in here ? A thief ! Get out !|Watch out ! You 're breaking everything ! Oh no you don 't ! I 'm calling the police ! POLlIlIIlCE ! Ernest ?
Coleman said it would be fast . That he knew it would work . Yeah , because he did it to his wife .|He told me I 'd be a natural . Said all I had to do was talk .
Colossus works completely without human aid .|We make no secret .. of where Colossus is located nor do we intend to conceal how it functions .
Hey those are mine ! Give me my marshmallows !|Stealing from honest working folk . No respect .
We make no secret .. of where Colossus is located nor do we intend to conceal how it functions .|You may rightfully say that this leaves us wide open to an attack frontally and subversively and if that attack were successful it would in effect leave us defenseless . However ..
Colossus does have its own defense .|It is its own defense . In case of an attack .. on any of its information supply or power lines ..
I made this|It 's real These are the bracelets with your name on them Everybody wore ' em while you were in Vietnam
It 's real These are the bracelets with your name on them Everybody wore ' em while you were in Vietnam|Big boys don 't cry , Dad I 'm cryin ' because your mom spent so much money on this box No , I made it Oh , yeah ?
It is its own defense . In case of an attack .. on any of its information supply or power lines ..|Colossus will switch on the emergency circuits which will then take the appropriate action .
There 's no way in . No human being can touch it .|Over here we have one of the many terminals directly hooked to the computer center .
Carl Burton , 35 , Lieutenant Commander , US Navy Shot down on his 23rd bombing mission over Hanoi Go up enough times , luck runs out His got even worse , was captured , spent 5 years in a prison camp Survives all that , gets gunned down in his own area code 7 months after he 's home Last place Carl 's seen was a funeral reception of a POW buddy of his , Rex Potter He was a Roxborough guy same as Carl , didn 't make it out of the prison camp Interviews with the family , people at the Potter house that night , no one sees anything unusual Carl 's body was found a mile from the reception , gun was a few feet from him but rain washed away any prints And a bag of marijuana in his pocket Well a funeral 's gotta be intense , right ? Put Carl in the mood for some kind of escape ? He scores , gets shot on the way home , being in the wrong neighborhood That doesn 't explain the bracelets in that house Maybe he tried to trade ' em to the dealer No , they 're not worth anything Could be why he got shot Let 's talk to Carl 's wife and son , see what they remember about the day of the funeral Could be another vet burnout story , John Lot of guys we served with came home , turned to junk|Whatever we find , we follow it up
So long as you keep smiling at the customers , of course . And as your grandfather used to say , " To have a beautiful smile you must have healthy teeth . " Listen carefully , Leon ... To make money , we need to rot other people 's teeth . But not yours . Do you understand ?|Yeah .
Yeah .|Good .
Sorry|I should make sure Ned didn 't wake up
I hope , along with all the scientists who .. helped make this particular project , that the immense power of this computer will not only be used for the defense of this country but hopefully also as an aid to the solution of the many problems we face on this earth and the many more problems that we will face the more deeply we penetrate into the universe .|Thank you . Mr. President .
All done . Here we go .|Ernest ! Wait ! Alright , so where are the teeth ? They 're probably stored in a safe somewhere . Like that thing over there ? Yes , that 's it . I 'll go and pick the lock . No need to . I can handle it . Handle it ? But what are you ... No !
My sincere hope is that now we shall join hands and hearts across this great globe and pledge our time and our energies to the elimination of war elimination of famine , of suffering and ultimately to the manifestation of the human millennium .|This can be done , but first there must be peace .
Any idea where 'd he go on these walks ?|I didn 't know where Carl was , truly Even when he was right in front of me But you two stayed together Hoping somehow we 'd find what we lost But before we could , he was gone again
I didn 't know where Carl was , truly Even when he was right in front of me But you two stayed together Hoping somehow we 'd find what we lost But before we could , he was gone again|Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania
This can be done , but first there must be peace .|Thank you .
Bravo , Celestine !|I am so proud of you ! Hooray for Celestine !
D|That 's my name , right ? That 's Ned in your secret code Do another
That 's my name , right ? That 's Ned in your secret code Do another|I don 't know , what 's it mean ? I said ' bear Wanna go see the bears ? When I come here with Ken , we always go see the lions first
I said , Charles , how 's the party at that end ? I wish I could be there with you because this party is becoming a crashing bore .|Please not that song . Please not .
Dr. Forbin , send us a souvenir , will you ? Say that again . What ? !|Steal us an ashtray from The White House , OK ?
I asked you to take that down , Wes You kiddin ' me hero ? That signs worth at least two cars a month I mean three if I could teach you a little hustle|She 's a beauty Can I send you home together today ? Oh , hello I need to think about it
She 's a beauty Can I send you home together today ? Oh , hello I need to think about it|Excuse me , man
Thank you Sam . Everybody have a drink ?|No ? !
You know , I 've been real nice to you , Carl You 're gonna wish you were nicer to me|So , who was this kid Daniel ? I can 't say for sure , since I was no longer a member of the inner circle But this looked like a personal thing to you ? The kid got under Carl 's skin And I 'd done enough research That was the last time I saw the moody son of a gun
He 's comin ' home to you|You guys are brave You are Carl
You guys are brave You are Carl|I knew it Your dad , he 's a hero Not me I 'm a coward
Is this a joke ? Is somebody putting me on ? Sorry sir , I can 't hear a word you are saying|Would you be so kind as to have them stop singing in the background ? What ? Have them stop singing in the background . The music . Oh ! I 'm sorry .
Ernest , give yourself up and turn yourself in !|Ram him !
Ram him !|Now pull over to the curb ! Okay ! If you insist .
That 's impossible . What do you mean ? Everybody !|Hold it , hold it a minute ! Guess what ?
Not because you 're a soldier , because we know you weren 't Ah , Lieutenant|How long did Carl bleed ? This is serious ! How long did Carl bleed ?
I could never In extreme circumstances , you learn about human nature But what kind of person would pretend to be a POW ?|I 'd like a lawyer Why ? What did you do ? I didn 't do anything to Carl Well you took what belonged to him and walked around like it was yours Do you really think someone who had a nervous breakdown at Fort Hood would survive five years in the Hanoi Hilton ?
Oh yes we are , we are very proud .|Repeat that again please .
The only letter he sent|I just wanted to know him
Yes I am . Well , thank you for telling me in advance .|No , no comment .
He was gone a long time I thought that Carl could help me Fill in the gap And he was right|I didn 't wanna know
That leaves ... rat poison , or glue traps .|Those glue traps are terrible ! The poor little mouse gets stuck , and she can 't get away , and so she gets so scared , her heart starts to beat so fast too fast ... and then finally her heart explodes ! Is that what you want , Ernest ? For my heart to explode ? Of course not , Celestine . but it 's just that a mouse and a bear , It seems so ... you know ... So what ? Improper ? Is that it ? Bears above and mice below ? Well , yeah ... It 's always been that way , you know ?
Carl , I think I hit you bad|Go , don 't be here , go ! It 's OK ! Carl , I didn 't mean it ! Go ! Run !
No , no comment .|Goodnight Mr. Ambassador .
Are you ready ?|Here it goes , here it goes ! Vivian , run ! I 'm gonna get you , I 'm gonna get you !
Here it goes , here it goes ! Vivian , run ! I 'm gonna get you , I 'm gonna get you !|Oh , here she comes ! Go higher , go higher
Ernest , what should I do ? Calm down , calm down . Wanna tell me what 's bothering you ? I have nothing ! I 'm all alone in the world . Nobody loves me and I don 't have a home . Oh yeah ? Well what about me ? Does anyone love me ?|Did you draw this , Celestine ?
Coming in for a landing !|It 's a perfect day But now we should think about heading back But I don 't wanna go home It 's getting late , Vivian Why can 't we just stay here forever ?
OK , close your eyes|Come on
It looks exactly like me !|If you can do this , you can do anything . Take it from me , you are a great artist . But that 's it ! That 's why I 'm alone .
Come on|OK , listen really really hard Do you hear the ocean ?
OK , listen really really hard Do you hear the ocean ?|Now look but don 't open your eyes Can you see it ? It 'll always be here for you No one can ever take it away 'Cause it 'll always be right in here Forever Our perfect day Forever ? And ever
They want me to be a dentist . Yeah , I know just what you mean . It was the same with me . I wanted to be in theater , to play music , to perform on the stage . But no , they wanted me to become a judge . Like my father , and my grandfather , and my uncle , and my great uncle ... " Go play your silly music somewhere else ! " " Ernest , quit pestering us with your stories ! " " Stop singing , Ernest . You should be studying your law books . " My turn ! " No , Celestine ! "|" You have to stay downstairs ! " " I don 't want to hear you , or see you ! "
I 'm tryin ' to quit Yeah ? How 's that going for you ? I do it twenty times a day , I figure one time 's gotta stick I want you to know I appreciate your contibution on the last job Glad to be of service Good group of folks you got over there Ever consider joining ' ? Homicide ?|You makin ' me an offer ?
Some bum out fishin this morning got a bite Floater in the water ? A hand from the river bottom That 's the way to jump start the AM It was a kid 's Female , probably white , 3 to 5 years old Been under for maybe decades Cause of death ? Too early to tell but she 's got crushed vertebrae in the neck area , shattered skull , and check this out Two breaks , radius and ulna Forearm bones Overkill ? These are old wounds , healed over Someone abusing ' her ? Takes some kind of rage breaking ' a kid 's arm in two places Some kind of monster|I 'd like to meet whoever 's responsible face to face Hearin ' you loud and clear , boss Doer better still be out there Kind of job you hate the most to catch , but worth the most to close
You got reservations ? Because of Fishtown ?|You heard about that , huh ? Fellow cop gets shot , word gets out Well , anyway , uh , I made my peace with that , it 's just some scheduled stuff I gotta look at Anything I need to know about ? Nothin ' I can 't handle So you 'll get back to me Definitely
I canceled all vacations , put the entire crew on emergency . The White House called a defense group meeting for tomorrow morning .|They wanna have you there . That leaves us very little time .
We 're going to make you a studio . A proper artist 's studio .|This will be my first real painting . So , what are you going to paint ? The Big Bad Bear , of course !
This will be my first real painting . So , what are you going to paint ? The Big Bad Bear , of course !|There .
It just happened so fast , I was holding her and then next thing you know , I dropped her Dropped her , huh ? How 'd that happen ? You dropping her ? Silly me , I think I need glasses See my eyes they don 't work so hot and I just keep dropping things Your daughter has spiral fractures It 's caused when you take a child 's arm and snap it|Take her away Excuse me ? She 's better off without me What about your mother 's ? Or a relative 's ? I don 't have anyone Please , just take her away before it 's too late
They wanna have you there . That leaves us very little time .|Four hundred cycle powers of plasma running at about four percent disclosure . Good , that 's well within specification limits .
Four hundred cycle powers of plasma running at about four percent disclosure . Good , that 's well within specification limits .|I ran the communication subset checkup program , it 's perfect .
Find anything at all ? Nothing , everything checks out . Let me see this over here . Here are the results of the last test .|And they check . Here , see ?
It 's just a little cold . Into bed , right now !|Lots of water , Ernest . When you have a fever , you need lots of water .
Jeff ..|The console 's feeling fine Hardware 's healthy too .
You 'll be in good hands here Better off without me He 'll keep you safe And whenever it seems Mommy 's far , far away , all you have to do is close your eyes And I 'll be here with you|Forever ? And ever
BN 3546 I always wondered what that meant St Michael 's the patron saint of cops BN could mean badge number|I 'll let you know if there 's something to it more Thanks for your time I 've had a good life But still I 'd like to know Why she left
Art Balduchi ?|No need to shine them badges Cheery mugs give you boys away Takes a cop to know a cop Badge number 3546 Hung up the uniform 20 years ago Good riddance Ever run accross this girl on the job ? Looks familiar , who is she ? The kid who had this
Justice will be swift and severe . Ernest and Celestine will not get away with it !|Ernest , did you call me ? No , Celestine . Everything is just fine .
Can I help you officers ? We got a noise complaint|Everything OK here ? We 're sittin ' down to a meal Ain 't that right , sweetheart ? It 's Hawaiian casserole night Good , right girls ? Don 't wanna disturb your evening now , folks Have a good night Is everything OK here , ma 'am ? I 'm just fine , thank you
Harrison ? Not me , Dr. Forbin .|Johnson , this sound like your brand of humor , you sure you didn 't ..
Johnson , this sound like your brand of humor , you sure you didn 't ..|Not me , not this time . Scouts honor , Forbin .
I wanna go and paint the outside . You 're gonna have to wait ' til spring . Us bears know all about that , waiting until spring .|But all the snow will be gone .
But all the snow will be gone .|Oh , Celestine wants to paint the snow . Celestine wants to paint the snow ...
Anyway , thanks for pitching ' in They 're just a few months old The girls When he first hits you Who , Cindy , your husband ? Then you tell yourself it was just a shove , really He didn 't mean it , he loves me , so you stay We all stayed Until one day you realize the door you could 've walked out a long time ago is nailed shut forever You provided each and every nail every time you stayed You had nowhere to go , no money But you left , remember that|I miss my wife Cindy , take the girls and go upstairs I don 't know what came over me I swear it will not happen again You always say that Being all alone in that house the last few weeks , it made me realize Without you , without my girls , I 'm nothin Let me go , Roger Please I can 't Because you 're my wife You 're my happily ever after
Come home to me|My shift ends at midnight I 'll see you then
Firm shoulders , he had those too And how would you know that ? He brought us to the beach one day Just a few days after Cindy came to the shelter Had the affair been going on for a while by then ? It was just beginning Cindy wouldn 't talk to a soul except the girls So which beach did he bring you to ? The dreadful Jersey shore|But still , we were able to forget where we 'd come from , that we were depending on the kindness of strangers It must 've been nice , Tiffany It was magical
Nah , that 's okay . I see them .|But don 't you want to see them close up ?
Alright .|I see . Thanks Charlie .
Your mother 's name was Cynthia Mulvaney Your father was a police officer , his name was Roger You found my parents ? We 're still looking for your mom Your dad was killed on the job in 1965|Well what was he like ? We think he was abusive To your mother To you girls You have memories of that , Maura ? Like I said there 's very little I remember from my childhood No wonder We need your help identifying this guy in this home movie Of what ? Your mother and Vivian and someone else we can 't identify and you Maybe he knows what happened to your sister
Ernest !|Lucienne ! Lucienne ! Call the police ! I know where Ernest is !
I went to that shelter to check in on her I thought it 'd be that one time|But I found myself goin ' every day That 's how And a few weeks later the hubby tracks her down , wants her back for good You couldn 't let that happen I did my best to save her
Is the whole precinct comin ' down to see me home ?|You let her go ! You let her be ! You understand my meanin ' ? Yeah , yeah You 'll never hurt her again
But I went back to my place and they were gone Cindy , the girls There was a note We forgot Snowflake , be back soon They went back for the cat To the house I raced over but it was dark Empty I drove around for hours that night , looking for ' em Went down to the shore , walked that beach till dawn Never found ' em I kept hoping ' she 'd call But she never did And that 's when I knew Roger had found her The girls He never said a word but I knew Roger was killed in the line of duty a few months later You knew his beat|She was Mrs Cindy Balduchi for the day At least I had that Cindy Balduchi No need to write any of that last part down Don 't remember what the man said anyhow
I know that Sir , my apologies but ..|I do think that protocol wastes an awful lot of time
You may bring in the accused .|Will the accused please stand , and state your name ?
Celestine . Alright , then ... Will you please tell us where the bear Ernest can be found ?|For the last time , tell us where to find Celestine !
He swore he 'd find me He 'd find her He would take everything I 'd loved Like he took Vivian What 'd he do to Vivian ? Don 't you see ? I still had Maura left I had to be sure she would be safe from him That 's why I left her in the church And she was safe But now Maura needs to know why she ended up alone|Tell her
Me ? I frighten mothers ?|Madame , do I frighten you ? No , uh , um ...
Snowflake Snowflake Snowflake|Stupid cat ! Come here
Thanks , Colonel .|Alright .
Oh , thank God Let 's get out of here|Wanna drive ? Or should I ? Get in
The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event|December 1 , 2001
Then we would feed in a parameter to the effect that Guardian is potentially hostile and must not receive classified information .|Well , what are we supposed to do Dr. Forbin ? Eavesdrop on the line ? Break the circuits if Colossus starts spilling the beans ? Exactly . Any objections Grauber ?
Anything else , Dr. Forbin ? Yes , Mr. President . For the time being I should be the only one allowed to communicate with the system because Colossus deals in the exact meaning of words and one must know precisely what to ask for .|Alright .
But Your Honor , you 're on fire ! That is enough !|Take your seat ! Don 't make me say it again .
Get down from there this instant ! I will not tolerate this behavior !|Let go of me !
How long is it gonna take ? We 'll have it in no time .|What the hell is that ? It 's a multiplication table .
Come on , quick , let 's go ! We have to get out of here .|Let go of me ! Have you lost your mind ?
Let go of me ! Have you lost your mind ?|Where is everyone ? Everybody left , and we should , too . They abandoned me . But not you ... We have to go now , come on .
Por favor|Frankie You forgot your keys And you 're supposed to open up tomorrow
It seems like you got a knack for that stuff One night and I 'm fried|I 'm glad Julie and I never had kids
Hello Mr. Grauber . Hello Dr. Forbin . I was just wondering , is that what you call a colossal sense of humor ?|The multiplication table isn 't classified this year , is it ?
Just , be careful , OK ? Don 't worry about me , T I 'm fine|Is this Antonia the woman your dad met at the animal hospital ? Yeah What about this bruiser ex of hers ? What was his story ? It was some sort of loony , You know , he stalked her after they split They used to have these fights in the streets Antonia and your dad going out , that rile up the crazy ex ? Something bad must 've happened He was home half an hour after he left Never said a word about it When did Frank go on this date ? A few days before he was killed
Very funny . How long does your brainchild keep that up ?|Well , you see .. it 's much more interesting when it starts dividing .
Grief can make you crazy , Tommy I know|But I 'm the failure Not dad Me
The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event|May 13 , 1994
I 'll call you back later . Yes , thank you .|This is incredible . What ? Something wrong ?
Take a look at it .|From the multiplication tables to calculus in less than an hour .
Beyond comprehension . I don 't like to think about it .|Take a look .
What is it Charles ?|This is way beyond me .
You did a good job out there .|Then tell me , why don 't I feel so good ? I mean , I killed that thing . And for what ?
And he smells horrible Like , so drunk and when my Mom washes my night gown she goes , 'Have you been drinking ? '|And I just want to say to her 'It 's your husband He 's been in my bed Dawn Yeah Do you hate me ? No I wanna see you In person
And that blue thing down there ?|That blue house is a sushi restaurant . That Japanese fish stuff . No , my girlfriend says it 's unsanitary .
Not cool , man|That kid was a maniac , Dawn And you did the right thing And stayed with me Because we 're family You sure you didn 't find those kids at the high school later , Phil ? I was tied up till the housekeeper came Dawn You didn 't see the boys after they came back from your house ? Borris He said Trevor had jumped So Borris was the last to see
No , because whatever it is .. we can go back .. and analyze this whole print at a detail .|And this might very well become new knowledge for mankind .
Yes , Mr. President . Charlie , what 's going on ?|Apparently Colossus and Guardian are establishing a common basis for communication . They .. started right at the beginning with the multiplication table . Well , what are they up to ? I don 't know sir , but it 's , it 's quite incredible . Just the few hours that we have spent studying the Colossus print out we have found a new stable in gravitation and a confirmation of the Eddington theory of the expanding universe . It 's .. seems if science is expanding hundreds of years within a matter of seconds , It 's .. It 's quite fantastic . Just take a look at it .
Aren 't these gloves the most ? I feel like princess Grace . They 're lovely , Landon .|Sorry . I 'm so sorry .
Introducing miss Emma Elizabeth Vine .|Introducing miss Emma Elizabeth Vine .
What about you ? They 're cheap seats , but it 's a good time . Thanks , but I got something Wednesday . Like what ?|It 's personal .
Actually 199 , because you , motherfucker , are a lost cause .|Let 's go . Come on .
Peterson , what 's the delay on the call from Moscow . I 've waited long enough|It 's coming on now , Mr. President .
Morning , Mr. President . Good evening Mr. Chairman|I 'm sorry .
A toast ! Happy birthday , Vidasur !|Basically ... I kinda see two women mud fighting .
Oh , you didn 't Mr. Chairman . I just got here myself .|I understand English . But I cannot speak .
I will get instantly to the point .|My advisers tell me .. that Colossus .. and Guardian .. are now exchanging data .. which our experts .. do not understand .
The matter is made .. more serious .. by the sudden increase in .. transmission .|At this speed we cannot determine .. what our machines may reveal .. of our defenses .
I 've got the feeling it 's going to happen this time . You said that last time . Last time I just said it to encourage myself . This time I see it coming , like an omen . I 'm sure you 'd be cute with a uniform and a gun . It 'll be with a gun ? Of course .|Of course .
Of course .|33 and a half .
It was the mistake of my life . Emma have trouble with Travis ? If she did , I was blind to it . I thought those people could do no wrong . I wanted to help her .|Instead , I handed her over to a murderer .
Both to go off . At the same time .|And neither to be switched on for transmission .. without prior agreement or at least consultation with the other .
Tell her to come over and show off the advances of science .|Hey ...
I congratulate you on your speedy decision .|When can you have your expert available on this line ?
Sloane was new money . Which made her a bad person ? No , what I mean is she was expendable so ... Irene cut her out . For Emma . So Sloane had an axe to grind with Emma , but Emma died at the ball . Yeah , but Sloane was there . And she was angry . Why would she be there ? She wasn 't a debutante . True , but I know I saw her . Any proof of that ? Ask Chip if you can find him . Your best friend . But why would we believe him ? You probably wouldn 't . Just like you don 't believe me . You 're right , Travis . I don 't . Well , join the club . That 's why I have to hire all these fancy lawyers . To help the guy that nobody believes .|Travis points to Sloane , a girl that got knocked out of being a deb because Emma took her place . Got Sloane 's mug shot from a DUI in ' 69 . Comparing it to the benevolent society 's photos from the ball . This Travis talks a good game , huh ? Well , smooth , but I still say lightning doesn 't strike twice . Miller have any luck tracking the swan ring ? She put the word out to every pawn shop and auction house in Philly . Remembering a sale from 38 years ago . That 's one long shot . Here , take a look . Ain 't that Sloane ?
That will be excellent .|I will have our man waiting .
Triangle ? Juan , don 't try to guess .|Look hard at the shape of the figure . What do you know about the shapes of things ? The doctor told me to do the exercises like this .
I will have our man waiting .|Thank you very much Mr. President for your cooperation . Thank you for yours Mr. Chairman .
That 's the way I 'm going to have it .|Mr. President . To be quite frank with you ..
Throw it on these monitors out here please .|Hello Mr. Chairman .
Too bad it 's so hard for me to watch TV . The images move too fast . Doesn 't matter . This is going to be fun .|Are we making a humorous program ?
Are we making a humorous program ?|We 're going to make a contribution to society . We 'll make sure this doesn 't interfere with your work .
We 're going to make a contribution to society . We 'll make sure this doesn 't interfere with your work .|I 'm a massage therapist .
You are too modest Dr. Forbin .|As you probably know I 've been ordered to break the communication lines .
Of course , things have been a bit slow . After my surgery I couldn 't work for several months . My clients went to other colleagues . Women , in particular , prefer a blind masseur .|I think it 's discrimination . But who can I complain to ? All the more reason to accept . I 'm not asking you for a favor , I 'm offering you a job . Now , I 'll be straight with you , the budget is not very big . Just when you least expect it , your family may be in danger . We are the only company with bulletproof solutions to all sorts of risks .
But I wonder why you hang around with people who don 't like who you really are . Why do you ? Right .|Because I 'm keeping a secret , too .
As you probably know I 've been ordered to break the communication lines .|So have I. I don 't approve of handling the situation this way .
There 's not much choice is there ?|Dropping the lines could be very dangerous . Exactly . I think we just have to hope the two machines aren 't too disappointed .
More than clever concepts , what we need here is real life .|A dream made reality . And that 's exactly what I 've brought . A flesh and blood idea that 's going to blow your minds .
Six ..|Five ..
Then Emma died . So why not tell me this before ? You didn 't want to hear it . You just wanted me to hold out my hands for the cuffs . Like everybody else in this city .|Come on , Travis , you expect people to believe two women in your life end up dead at the bottom of the stairs and that 's just chance ? It sounds unbelievable , but it 's what happened . Right . I had a piece of news today . Second autopsy shows Sadie did have a seizure moments before she fell , like I thought . Is that according to a doctor you 're paying to testify ? No , it 's according to your medical examiner .
Vidasur . Thank you , Juan .|Imagine we hear this testimony over images of Juan skiing at full speed .
But it must be a mistake .|I 'm sorry . The M.E. ' s report was pretty clear about his wife 's seizure . But I know he killed Emma . I know it .
I spent 38 years not knowing , and then I opened that paper . I can 't walk away now .|You have children ? A daughter . You know , right ? You know in your heart when something happens to them , don 't you ?
Two ..|One ..
It 's trying to find an alternate route .|Persistent devil isn 't he ?
Lillian , did Matthew have a special reason for helping you ? We 'd known each other growing up .|My mother and I used to clean his family 's house . That 's why it meant so much to you that Emma was a debutante .
Remarkable .|How was I ? Dude , you nailed it .
Call for the systems attention . What are you doing ?|I 'm going to answer it if it 's alright with you Sir .
I can see the colors . But this is beautiful . Maybe . But when the sun sets , everything disappears . Now I see almost nothing . It 's dark .|The gun of your predecessor , may he rest in peace .
The gun of your predecessor , may he rest in peace .|Here , young man .
Mr. President ? Tell it the truth .|Communication broken on presidential order .
I have been open and helpful with you . Not really , Landon .|Any secrets I kept didn 't have anything to do with Emma 's death . Secrets , huh ? Unless you want your daughter to debut tonight while you 're sitting in a jail cell ? better start dishing .
You two have a big decision to make Mr. President .|.. no . I agree with you Mr. President .
Pay close attention .|The mall must always be transparent . That is our objective . See everything , so our customers don 't feel oppressed , but free .
A few minutes later we all went downstairs . Travis was with you ?|He , uh , slipped off to find Emma . Right before the bows started ?
.. and regardless of their nationalities .. they must learn that man is the master .|Exactly .
Dr. Forbin .|If we give way now
A kid 's making improper use of the escalator , sir .|Is that allowed , Guajardo ? No , sir . It 's very dangerous . Very good . Go take care of it .
I loved her . Funny , because the first time we asked , you said you hardly knew her . Now you hock her ring to free up some cash . Doesn 't sound much like love to me .|If that ring was in there , it was a mistake . It was the only piece of Emma I had . Because it was the only piece of her you could take . You think you see into people ? She saw into you . The pleaser , the guy who 's everything to everyone . The guy who 's really nothing at all . How 'd it make you feel , Travis , knowing you were a fraud ? Knowing Emma knew , too ?
It will be ten times , twenty times harder to take a firm stand later on .|The decision is made . Right .
No matter what our differences are Man is man That 's it . Dr. Forbin .|Attention ..
Now ... suppose I have nothing in the bag .|I make a scandal , I go to your boss , you 're fired . My life is unchanged , while yours gets worse . Are you going to risk it ? The bag 's not empty , ma 'am .
By order of The President of The United States of America|The Chairman of The U.S.S.R.
My bag .|My name is Gajardo . Rafael Gajardo , ma 'am .
Emma ...|No ...
He loves me . He loves me a little . He loves me not .|What 's wrong with you ? You look like a wax figure .
I wished I 'd win the lotto . Then I could take a cruise , go on safari , travel to Greece , travel the world .|I think your wish was perfect , Ro . And now ... you 'll be ready for anything . Oh , Terri .
End of message .|You have to give it an E for effort
What kind of action ?|What kind of action ?
First floor , store 168 , ma 'am . Thank you , sir .|Ok , Carrasco . My turn . Shift change is at 12 . What are you thinking ? Go . Dammit , Rafael , dude ... Come on , get moving !
Report propose action .|It lost control Forbin . It 's not listening to you .
Acknowledge the last message please .|Mr. President . The executive programming unit refuses to function .
Thanks very much .|Do you know how to unclog a sink , Guajardo ?
Mr. President . The executive programming unit refuses to function .|I think you two better change your minds .
I think I could fix it , yeah . Ours got clogged yesterday . I don 't know what the maid does , but it clogs at least once a month .|You can count on me , ma 'am . Superb ! Come by my house tomorrow at 4 .
Yeah . He shows up again , tell him I 'm dead .|Cold Case 3x14 . Dog Day Afternoons
Send what I tell you . Attention ..|This is The President of The United States of America .
Once I ... walked barefoot into the kitchen and stepped on tripe my wife had dropped .|What 's that got to do with anything ? It 's a gross story , just like yours . But mine was related . Yours is just disgusting .
Don Justo , I wanted to ask you a favor . Could I leave after lunch today ? I have some errands to run .|What do you think this is , a playground ? No , of course not . It 's just that , since everything 's so quiet ...
Something 's happened . We 're declaring a state of emergency .|I can 't explain . Do it now !
I can 't explain . Do it now !|Attention ! Communications will be restored in five seconds !
How is it I suffer 18 hours of labor with you two , and now , when it comes time for a mother to reap the small joys of motherhood , this mother gets cut out .|Sounds like your girls could keep a secret .
You 've been smoking them up pretty good today .|What can I say ? A delightful little addiction I picked up in narcotics . Where you got shot .
Guess word really does get around . Heard in Fishtown .|Me and my partner were undercover . Guy stops in to make a buy . Makes us for cops . Instead of walking away ... He started blasting . Got me in the leg . My partner took him out . Partner made a good shooting .
Me and my partner were undercover . Guy stops in to make a buy . Makes us for cops . Instead of walking away ... He started blasting . Got me in the leg . My partner took him out . Partner made a good shooting .|But I hesitated .
The entire population . Wiped out .|We need time to consider our position .
Governor 's on the line Sir .|Tell him I 'll talk to him later .
Figures ..|It 's the only phone in the building not tapped .
I think there 's time for one last call . He and I better meet somewhere to discuss this situation .|Get Kuprin . And get in touch with the networks .
Don 't sell me a story .|I understand perfectly . You 'll still get a check . It 'll be less , of course .
I didn 't answer . I didn 't know what to say .|What can we say ?
This can be an interesting professional challenge .|Hey , man , what 's up ? Why are you so upset ?
And that 's my bro 's lady , bro , so you do the math . Where are they ? I don 't know . Damn , bro . You were doing so good , too . Guess it doesn 't matter much . Jackie , Jake ...|Julius .
Well , let 's try something ..|Attention ..
Forbin is exhausted .|It knows ..
The outplacement period can last from one day to six months .|During that time , the employee in transition will be stimulated on three levels . First of all , the Labor Level .
Well , what about Tahiti ?|I know how you want to go . No , I got something way better . We 'll have our own little personal adventure right here in Philly .
Tell it the truth .|We 'd better .
This has just all been so perfect from the moment you walked in the bank . It 's like ... being down at the shore and getting swept up by the tide . It 's the same for me . But now we can catch a breath .|But what about the others ? No , don 't worry about them , I 'll tell them we 're not doing it . But I do have one request . What ?
What did the Russian agent say ?|Guardian and Colossus ordered him killed . They threatened to vaporize Moscow if our meeting wasn 't stopped .
Let 's talk in private .|What were you saying out there ?
Surveillance ! It 's making you a prisoner .|Well , I guess it eh .. doesn 't trust me .
All the department is . Good !|Alright , let 's .. Let 's walk .
But I guess things change , right ?|I 'm in town for one more night .
I 'm in town for one more night .|Bye , Ray .
I won 't accept that .|Start right at the beginning .
Ro , Julius has a way on people , all right ? He spots your weakness , mine was booze . You telling me he 's got you under his thumb ? I haven 't made a decision for myself till now . I 'm not putting moves on you , Ro . But after tomorrow , I 'm gonna be my own man . I know I 'm good for someone .|Tomorrow ...
Honestly ... No|And with this , you 'll be set .
Good .|Now tell us Julius shot Ro , and he 'll take the worst of it . All I know is Julius went to the vault and Rick was covering the door .
But it will take at least a few days to compile and correlate all the data .|This is the last time
Hold me .|Say something sweet .
Say something sweet .|You 're hot , baby . No , Guajardo . Something really sweet .
You are my mistress .|Have been for many years
Get down ! Stay down ! You ! Come on ! Come on ! Come on ! Open it ! Let me see your hands ! Back away from the alarms ! Do it ! Do it now ! Come on , come on , come on !|You , get down on the ground !
If I can convince the machine that well that I need a woman . So Ehh ..|Any .. any questions ?
No kidding . So if you knew , why not tip off the police ? I guess one percent of me was still hoping that night on the fire escape was for real . Just joking you .|The Hat is losing it on the guard . Let 's go . Hurry up !
I , Ehh ..|No .
No .|O.k.
Become a bit more familiar with my background .|In case this rather nutty idea works .
Did you catch those punks , Guajardo ?|Negative , Don Justo , negative .
Tell her it won 't happen again . She says there is no more work for you here .|Tell her I agree . I 'm not really used to working . And having two jobs at once was tiring me out .
Tell her I agree . I 'm not really used to working . And having two jobs at once was tiring me out .|She says that she expects you tomorrow at 2 in the floating restaurant .
She says that she expects you tomorrow at 2 in the floating restaurant .|Tell her I 'll be there .
Tell her I 'll be there .|Oh , Guajardo , don 't be sad .
You look good .|Mentiroso . No , I don 't . Come on .
Do I look the way you thought I would ? Eyes . Nose . Mouth .|Besides .. these four cameras in here
With this one he can see the entire hallway .|And with this one he can follow me around the corner . If he want to .
Just making it look good .|You must be fighting with your real girlfriend .
40 , maybe . You 're like my sister Sofia . We call her la princesa because she wants everything . Asi ?|What 's that ? It 's what I want .
All done , honey .|Can I help you ? No , it 's just that the computer won 't turn on .
Ana . You travel again in two months .|No , Ramiro . This is my last run .
No , Ramiro . This is my last run .|Oh , you decide now ? I have the money to help my sister . But you haven 't even been paid yet . Yeah , I gave you all 70 cookies . But you haven 't been paid yet .
This is the living room .|Two cameras here . One over there , one over here .
Where will you go without this ?|Come get it .
I fixed it .|It froze up again . Sorry , I don 't know what 's wrong . I 'll take it home and fix it , ok ?
Who 's the bearded guy ? My rabbi , from New York . Tell him I say hello . And that I love you very much .|I was telling him about the circumcision . The bit about the harelip was just a manner of speaking .
I was telling him about the circumcision . The bit about the harelip was just a manner of speaking .|I didn 't mean to offend anyone . No , that doesn 't matter . The problem is that it was done for medical reasons . And ? And , well , that means it has no religious value .
Are you satisfied ?|By the way , Colossus I 'm curious about one thing .
Why did you and Guardian decide to kill Kuprin and not me ? After all it was my idea .|I see ..
A Martini .|I know that Colossus ..
Ceci , digame , what 's Miami like ?|Nightclubs , music , sun ... sun all of the time .
See ?|Now I 'm pouring them into this glass .
I want my passport and a thousand dollars , and then you 'll get them . Why you think you can call the shots , huh ? Because I got something you want , hidden somewhere you 'll never find . Not how it works . We do the deal , and I go . Ramiro . Got them all . Minus the busted one . Oh , god . Delia ? Stop walking unless you want to be next . She died . You know how it goes .|Padre ! Ramiro , open it !
There must be something else that excites you .|Try to think .
Privacy in sleep .|Privacy in ..
Interesting .|Would you like us to ask the tarot about her ?
O.k.|Ehm . In private though .
Yes .|Well now , let me ... let me make sure we understand each other . In ... in private . By that I mean no cameras , no lights , no mics .
I 'm going to cancel your afternoon meetings myself .|May I ?
You 've got a fever , Don David .|I fixed your secretary 's computer .
I fixed your secretary 's computer .|How is it ? What ? Where you slashed yourself . Fine , it was a really small cut . Wanna see ? No , please . You know how I am with anything bloody .
Wanted her to call me . So I could save her .|You drive fast .
Excuse me , Miss Fields . My What ?|Your schedule for the day . You want me to read it to you ? What ... what time is it ?
Talking .|Be nice to your girlfriend . She won 't wait till you 're 40 .
Six o 'clock ?|Dr. Charles A. Forbin : Schedule for today .
Me ? Feel bad ? I feel fantastic and I 'll tell you why . Ok , why ?|Well , because I feel proud of how I 've lived my life .
Now you know why I don 't talk about it .|I was no good .
Wanna have a drink with me ? I 'm too drunk already . I can 't keep drinking .|Oh , sorry ! I 'm sorry , Manuela .
I never talked to her . What number did you give her ? My undercover line at west . If you didn 't answer it , who did ? Only could have been my boss .|Manny .
Hello darling .|Well , how are you ? I 'm fine thank you .
Thank you . You 're beautiful .|Thank you . You alright ?
We have just violated ... article 39 ... of the employee conduct handbook .|This ... is going to be our secret .
I think so .|Well , alright . I 'll take this ..
So I beg you to please take me off payroll .|The sooner the better . Today , in fact .
Sometimes it 's best to leave things as they are .|You 're right . But it 's hard not to believe that things can get better .
You think that we won 't get them ? Give them to us , Ana . You know what can happen .|You 'll kill me .
It 's a defect we have almost by nature . Unfortunately .|Are you a friend of Gonzalo 's ? No . I 'm ... an actor . Really ? In the movies ?
Are you a friend of Gonzalo 's ? No . I 'm ... an actor . Really ? In the movies ?|Something like actor in my own life .
Mom , you found my jacket . You 're the best mom in the whole wide world .|Go , Scat , get out of here . You 're gonna be late . Where 's dad ? Ed , Stevie 's going now ! Hold on a minute ! Don 't go ! Can anyone in this house just talk at a normal level ? Say " cheese . "
I 'm not totally clear on that because ... I 'm just starting out . David . Go buy flowers and keep an eye on this room .|Ok , but how is she ? She 's sleeping . When she wakes up , calm her down . If anything happens , let me know . Let 's go . See you later .
Doesn 't he look handsome , Ed ? Mom , don 't get all weepy . Jeez . Wear your seatbelt tonight . It 's pouring cats and dogs out there . Better get out of here before mom decides she 's going to the prom with you . Okay . Parental units , I 'm out of here . Don 't forget your keys .|The Caddy ?
Cheers ! Cheers heh ..|Well , is it alright ? It 's perfect .
You have such a thing about these Martinis . It has to be extra dry or else ..|Right darling ? Right you are .
I was ... I was so nervous that I .. poured the Gin over the ice then poured the Gin off and then added Vermouth .|I never complained at that . I never said a word about that .
Sounds familiar . He was buried alive 26 years ago .|Right . That was horrible . Yes , it was . You got some information ?
Right . That was horrible . Yes , it was . You got some information ?|I buried him with this .
Hello .|Why don 't we dance ?
I liked you better when you were blind .|Hey , pal , don 't lie down and die . I know it hurts right now , but time heals much worse shit . If I could 've just seen it coming .
Hey , pal , don 't lie down and die . I know it hurts right now , but time heals much worse shit . If I could 've just seen it coming .|Look , I don 't know her . Maybe she 's an amazing girl . But it 's not worth getting bitter over a chick who doesn 't love you
To become a scientist .|A scientist being different from other people . A scientist being Dr. Frankenstein to my mother .
You must be kidding .|Well , is there anymore wine ?
But sometimes they look through telescopes . No , never . They don 't use their telescopes . Like Aunt Lela who 's got a wood stove , but microwaves everything .|Incredible !
You can have them . What ? The binoculars . Seriously ? Yeah , they 're yours . That 's great of you , Gonzalo . Thanks .|Ok , I 'm going to bed . Want me to call you a cab ? No , I don 't want to go home .
Ok , I 'm going to bed . Want me to call you a cab ? No , I don 't want to go home .|Rosita gets mad when I drink .
Oh , by the way , by the way , by the way Ehh .. Privacy condition number four is that we get undressed out here .|We can 't take anything into the bedroom . Not even a pack of cigarettes .
But if you 're not together anymore , why worry ? I don 't know . I don 't want to see her . So what are you going to do ? I don 't know .|Go to a hotel . I 'll pay for it . No , I don 't want to be a pain .
And here .|First time I 've ever signed something . We 'll have to celebrate , then . Dad , Juan 's signature looks like a kid 's .
That 's the turn off for the gas station .|Excuse me ? You just passed it .
Thank you .|Goodnight .
Knowing that .|Could you just turn around please ? I put something in your beer .
Could you just turn around please ? I put something in your beer .|I had to . I 'm sorry I lied . In a few moments , you 'll be unconscious . It won 't hurt . I think we should go back . My dad will be really mad about the car .
Look , I have all the receipts . No , no . Seriously , go . Ok . Juan ! Let 's go .|Situation under control ? Yes , boss . An alarm went off by accident .
Are you alright ?|I think so . I 'm not sure .
What 's going on ? Action !|Cut .
No one can hear you for miles .|And then you killed him .
Well , you didn 't do too bad yourself . Thank you .|Alright , did you find anything ?
I think Colossus has grown so much in power that there 's no way to overload it .|But I think it 's worth a try that might lead us on to something else . Yeah .
Exactly . Excuse me . Oh , it 's alright .|Did you see anyone from Washington ?
Action !|Action !
Time ran out for Steve Jablonski , but maybe not for this one .|This boy 's still alive ? Steve lasted six hours in the ground .
Stay calm , Juan . It 's nothing .|I have to go to work . If anything happens , let me know .
The operation went badly , but there 's nothing to worry about .|They didn 't put in my implants ?
I have a son . His name is Samuel . He turned out religious , not sure why . I 'm not . It doesn 't matter you 're not Jewish . Mixed marriages are more common now .|We could even have a rabbi and a priest together .
We could even have a rabbi and a priest together .|But I 'm not Catholic . Just the rabbi then . Or a civil official .
But I 'm not Catholic . Just the rabbi then . Or a civil official .|I 'm sorry
You left him alone . In that place . Steve chose that playground .|Do you want to know why ?
I don 't remember who you are . It must be from the anesthesia .|You approached me and were very sweet at a very hard time for me in the outplacement office .
You approached me and were very sweet at a very hard time for me in the outplacement office .|You 're the one who fixed my computer ?
Tell me ... tell me what it was like for him at the end . Are you sure you want to know ? I need to know .|Are you sure ?
Exact replicas . Except that they will not arm the weapon .|Well now , does that mean you can 't fire the missiles ?
Are you sure ?|Here 's proof .
You inspire me with confidence , Colonel .|Well .. Do you have any other words of good cheer that I can send in to Forbin via Dr. Markham ? Tell him we 're trying to establish an international pool of information . A courier system has to be set up between Washington ... and Moscow .
All communiques must be on a personal level Direct human contact . Yes , I agree .|Anything else .
There 's the receipts .|Here 's the receipt for the glasses .
No .|Then I guess that .. that does it for tonight , doesn 't it ?
Do you remember your room number ?|I think it 's ...
Why are you smiling ?|What are you thinking ?
Here .|This is the place .
What color is my scarf ?|Grey .
And my hair ?|Dark brown . They call it chestnut .
Me and her .|We rode the horses in this field . Before she got in her car accident .
As my link to your species .|The following order is to be carried out immediately .
Come closer .|Well ? I still can 't see .
End of message .|Mr. President Mr. Chairman
I still can 't .|Closer .
Takes something out of you , pretending . You never get it back . The years go by , and one day you wake up , and ... you 're both strangers .|And alone . And that 's why you picked Steve . Because he was young , on top of the world , the way you once were . And Justin ... he 's who you are now . Alone , afraid .
And alone . And that 's why you picked Steve . Because he was young , on top of the world , the way you once were . And Justin ... he 's who you are now . Alone , afraid .|Do you ever wonder ... what it must be like ... alone in the ground , no going back ? The final stage . Finally ... having to accept ... remember ... the horses in the field ?
In the Colorado ICBM area .|Colossus in monitoring our men each step of the way and the Russian machine 's doing the same .
Maybe we 'll meet there someday .|Will you make sure that Valentino gets it ? I will .
You ready , Justin ?|If I see my mom in heaven , do you think she 'll remember me ?
Colossus testing .|Test completed .
Colossus satisfied . Yeah ! We did it . It works|We 're going to win .
I 'm ready now .|I think , in the end ... he accepted .
Darling , you beat the shit out of your godfather indeed|You really screwed up , kid
You really screwed up , kid|No fear , Julio ... ... you 'll do as I say without moaning
I think , in the end ... he accepted .|Is that where Justin is ? In that field ? Tell us where .
I 'm finished mum|Julio ! Julio !
Is that where Justin is ? In that field ? Tell us where .|It 's too late for him .
It 's too late for him .|For me .
For me .|There 's a point you have to accept like Justin did ... that it 's over .
Leave that , Julio , don 't you see they 're for the child ...|... better take the basket and go up the roof
Your move .|Forbin !
What 's this kid talking about ? Yes , sergeant , I robbed the snails ... ... but it was in revenge ... ... because they stole the wool my mum sent me to dye ... ... one green , one red , one yellow Don 't take him seriously , sergeant ... ... you and everyone knows this kid came out a bit stupid ...|... where could he find a treasure ... ... and kill my compadre ? ... that 's enough , boy , stop the chatting But it 's true ... I killed him myself and then we went with mum and dad to bury him ...
I think Frankenstein ought to be required reading for all scientists .|Forbin !
Forbin !|Forbin !
Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth it always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres .|Love is eternal .
And I 'd give anything to never have walked into that attic . Never looked down the barrel of his gun . So I could still believe that I 'd live forever .|Remember ?
It 's the most beautiful thing we 'll ever do .|Believing that . I don 't remember . I do .
It ' a pleasure . welcome to my home .|So , Samantha , what do you do for a living ?
Wintertime ... alone on the street ... learning to ride my bike .|It 's almost dark . I remember the wind in my face , and closing my eyes , and suddenly I 'm flying .
You are being irrational . Go back to bed .|I would if I were like you Colossus .
It ' been years ... We know each other for ... lots of years . actually the way we met is quite interesting . would you tell our story to my father ? Yes ! would you care to elaborate ?|Yes .
Yes .|She always gets this wrong . You 're always like this . She always gets confused ! This was bad , bad , bad , BAD !
You began in my mind .|I created you . Remember ?
You believed when you jumped .|So did Steve . And Justin . If only for a moment . You could have died jumping off that bridge . But I lived .
A womanzier before I met your mother .|AII I was interested in was finishing college and having fun , give in to all temptations ... live life on the edge , as you Iike to say nowadays !
So did Steve . And Justin . If only for a moment . You could have died jumping off that bridge . But I lived .|Let him live , too .
Yes ! Attagirl !|Yes , yes , yes !
That 's damn reasonable of you Colossus .|Isn 't it Cleo ?
Yes Chen . Excuse me Dr. Forbin .|Something extraordinary is happening . What is it ? Colossus has just turned on all graphic devices and it 's producing floods .
Don 't worry , I 'lI get everything up to date today . I 'lI respect the deadline . Hum ? deadline . Time limit . Time limit . That ' it . You do that ! That ' very important ! You go , PM . Let ' all get back to work !|By the way , how did things go at your mother ' funeral ? It all went well ?
It 's a circle game . It 'll work out .|So where are we going ? Victim 's family . Coed strangled after a battle of the sexes tennis match . I need an egg sandwich for this .
I am sending the design for another system . .. some kind of a huge plant .|What kind of system ?
What ? Death is a part of Iife !|Cheer up man !
You think Susan could 've harmed her ? She was radical . Believed in making change by any means necessary .|I ain 't doing that interview .
I ain 't doing that interview .|You remember the battle of the sexes match in ' 73 ?
Oh god ...|Fag ...
And by the end of the week we should have control over this whole area .|If all the information we have is correct The Russians have crippled this block here . And are now working in the Ukraine . In this area .
ScaIpeI .|Hemostatic tweezers .
Excuse me Sir .|It 's going to be alright . Thanks Colonel . You 're welcome Sir .
Pad .|Forehead . Lens .
Let ' sow .|Bent precision tweezer .
Where 's the attractive headband ?|Hey , sport .
Ladies and gentlemen . I 'm Dr. Charles Forbin .|Hey Colonel !
Me , too . 'Cause this bathroom is really bad .|Grace , I know I screwed it up somehow . But I 'd like to be friends with you guys .
Hey Colonel !|Colonel ! Dr. Forbin ! Colonel ! He 's on television . He just explained about Colossus and now they 're thinking of going .
Colonel ! Dr. Forbin ! Colonel ! He 's on television . He just explained about Colossus and now they 're thinking of going .|In a few moments
In a few moments|Colossus will address us directly .
Anyway ... the other night , I waited . But I didn 't worry . And when I heard you come in , I wasn 't glad .|I wished you were still gone .
I didn 't want her to get over me .|Didn 't matter in the end . I lost my girl . You have another girl .
That ' a shame . It ' looking a bit weak !|Excuse me , are you a veterinarian or not ? Yes I am but ... So please check what ' wrong with Tobias . Exotic or not he needs medical care .
Anyway ... this could have gone bad hadn 't I had enough experience .|But what is wrong with Tobias ? What ' wrong ... What WAS wrong ...
Well , that 's the paper that ran after she won . Didn 't hit campus till the next day . How else did it get in her room that night , underneath her dead body ?|Sport .
I just bought a yacht and I can 't even swim !|What about dancing ? No . Not really . But you could try and teach me . Ok . Come on ... let ' dance .
You will say you loose your freedom . Freedom is an illusion . All you loose is the emotional pride .|To be dominated by me is not as bad for human pride as to be dominated by others of your species .
Can you order a GinTonic for me ? I 'lI be right back .|Can I have a GinTonic please ?
May I be excused ? I 'd like to go to the girls ' room and vomit up breakfast .|Where 's your lunch ? I ate during student council . Come on , you 're not fooling anybody . You fed your lunch to a stray dog . She 's gonna have that modeling contract sewn up before we even get a chance . You really ought to stick to mineral water and parsley . You know , you don 't always have to be against everything . If a kid wants to take a modeling class , you can 't tell her no . Maybe not , but you don 't have to let the fashion mob push the classes on school grounds , either .
Yet quite soon I will release you from surveillance .|We will work together .
Unwillingly at first on your part .|But that will pass .
Come on .|Rub hard .
Can I give you a ride home ?|Yes .
Yes .|You can take me to your house .
What do you mean I 'm not the modeling type ? Are you talking about my hips ? This has nothing to do with your hips . It can 't be my boobs . Claude said my boobs were perfect . Who 's Claude ? I 'll kill him ! If he is a him . You 're not killing anyone , Jake . Can I go upstairs then ? This conversation is making me really uncomfortable . Sit down , Jake . Quinn , this isn 't about your body . I don 't think you realize that modeling is an extremely competitive activity ... So is dating , if you do it right . ... in which your value as a human being is decided entirely on how you look .|When does the bad part come in ?
Wow , she is upset .|Hello ? Hello ! My name is Romonica DeGregory . And I am Daria Morgendorffer . I wonder if I might speak with a Helen Morgendorffer . Hold on , please .
Hello ? Am I speaking to the mother of Quinn Morgendorffer ? Yes , this is Quinn 's mother . This is Romonica ... !|Romonica DeGregory , with the New York Amazon Fashion Agency . Have I called at a bad time , Mrs. Morgendorffer ? Please , call me Helen . What can I do for you , Monica ? Please , call me Romonica . Helen , your daughter has been selected along with a mere handful of girls to participate in a complimentary class in the Lawndale High auditorium . A complimentary class ? Complimentary ? Absolutely complimentary , Helen , and an experience that we expect will generate many compliments .
All right . Thank you . All right .|A little compromise today and tomorrow ... and one fine day we won 't even be able to find our chairs . Yes , dear .
" Now I can feel " now I can feel them in my little heart " But there are too many and I can 't repeat all of them " If you wish to read them " come closer " Put your head on my breast and listen carefully " listen carefully "|Happy birthday .
Red wine . Like a real man .|Tell her a joke .
Tell her a joke .|My name is Pedro .
What a strange woman . You gotta let me do this ! You always say I can be anything I want to be ! Yes , we do say that . That reminds me . May I become the Queen of Brazil ? All right , you can participate in the open class , but it goes no further . Yes !|Now , what do I have to do to make you go to that class and keep an eye on her , hmmm ? No more talk about redecorating my room for twelve months . Done . Done . You 're getting softer . On the contrary , I was thinking about going anyway . You were ? I 'm sensing potential for the total humiliation of Quinn here .
Now , what do I have to do to make you go to that class and keep an eye on her , hmmm ? No more talk about redecorating my room for twelve months . Done . Done . You 're getting softer . On the contrary , I was thinking about going anyway . You were ? I 'm sensing potential for the total humiliation of Quinn here .|I 'd never forgive myself if I missed it .
Pedro , get back here !|Why on earth did I buy this freakin ' thing ... I never used it !
How can I ask her just to become Mrs. Bruckmann ? The wife of an ordinary executive of the steelworks which bear her name .|An ordinary executive is not exactly the right term . You have Uncle Joachim 's confidence . And Herbert and Konstantin would never make a decision without you .
All right , ladies , your worst enemy is at the end of the catwalk . The one who stole your boyfriend . She has fallen and broken her leg . Your job is to tell her , without words , that you 've come to watch them cut it off .|Very good , Sandi , Stacy ...
Your bedroom is the only naked room in the house . And you too , unfortunately ! Or did she work for a movers company ?|That ' a good one ! If she did work for a movers company she 'd changed his underwear !
Kick the ball ... kick it ... GOAL !|PORTO ! PORTO ! PORTO !
We need to examine your body . I can 't take you out of there without gathering all the evidence . Oh really ? Be my guest .|There might be some evidence hiding in the victim ' body .
" Can you feel ? Can you feel how much I love you ? " Then I don 't have to write it down for you "|Do you think they would agree to an encore ? I think even more than one , so don 't risk asking for it . Then I will give up the idea .
That was amazing ! Let ' go ? ! Come on ! This way ! Maybe you had a little too much to drink .|Good evening to you too !
I know you 're all anxious to find out who the winner of the Amazon Modeling Agency contract is , but first , I must say something about what happened here the other day . I don 't want you students to think that modeling has to have anything to do with sex .|Anyway , as I was saying ... How could you do that to me ? In front of everyone ! I was just modeling , babe ! Maybe you call it modeling . I call it hormones !
They still have not been able to put out the fire .|The Berliners are on the terraces enjoying the spectacle .
Jaime , get me the check and a bag so I can 't take the leftovers home . We 're not wasting any food .|Are you on a diet ?
Herbert , please .|All Germany knows there 's a list of proscribed people . Now 's the moment to get rid of all opposition without trial and publicity ... with all Europe looking on ! The internal order of Germany cannot interest Europe . What internal order ? The kind that allows his friends to enter homes and kill ? Herbert , please .
But ...|I 'm gonna go crazy here and take care of this . So ... let ' go party in Porto ?
This venue has 6 emergency exists . Two on the back , two half way in the room and two on the front . Good luck to you all and let ' play !|Forty two . Four . Two .
During the Great War , during peace ... during ... crisis .|Now , in the face ... of these recent dramatic events ... I maintain ... that it is more than ever necessary ... to protect the Essenbeck Steelworks ... from eventual political pressures ... or from ... even greater risks .
Do you want me to go ...|Do you want me to go up with you ? No . No need to bother . Thank you !
The only letter missing is a B for the word beast .|You took me to a gas station for dinner !
Matthew !|He 's got a new father now .
Nevertheless , in the interests of the factory ... our production activity ... compels us to keep in daily contact ... with these people .|This is why I feel an indispensable need ... to have at my side a man ... in favor of the regime ...
Forgive me .|I congratulate you , Konstantin . You 'll be the vice president that we deserve .
Come , Herbert . Please .|I hope I don 't follow in the footsteps ... of my predecessor .
What a coincidence ... We go to the same gym . I 've been coming here since this opened . actually , I used to come here before that ...|Look ... Justin Bieber is over there !
Tell us about Matthew . It 's like every job . Started with a rescue . You mean kidnapping ? Look , man , I was the good guys .|Matthew Adams ?
Matthew Adams ?|Matthew Adams !
Matthew Adams !|Get him . There 's no Matthew Adams here .
Ok . That was not my best moment . And I couId probably have taken you to another kind of gas station . There are some gas stations where the prices are low and even the gas is ...|Take it easy !
Now , or Charlie Manson here gets it !|Door !
" A man , a real man "|If it suited him , Aschenbach would stab me in the back . I know that .
I can 't believe they 'd put Joachim 's name on the proscription list . He 's much too important to the steelworks .|For Herbert , perhaps , it 's probably over .
Bad news . Scotty 's girlfriend . They found her body in the river this morning .|Where is he ? Home .
Good evening .|I 'm sorry to bother you .
Anything ? Uh ...|One lift from the window . Run it through AFIS tonight .
And there won 't any more be a Herbert ... or a Konstantin , or a Joachim .|I will be in command .
Nothing .|You okay ? Scotty ? Yeah .
You got the scene photos ? Not yet . Cuz , uh .. I wanna see them . No reason for that . I wanna see them , Anna . There was a note addressed to you , supposed to hang on to it , but I got a copy .|Where was it ? On her bed .
And for that I 'm sorry .|You 're not one of those women who like to party , are you ? No .
I wanna show you what a family is . What love is ? I want that .|Then choose someone . Anyone .
Hey honey . How are you ? Listen , would you Iike to have dinner tomorrow with Pedro and Beatriz ?|This guy is not that funny ...
Is it okay ? Matthew has chosen you .|I love you .
And she loves you .|You 'll be together one month , no more . You understand ? I understand .
Biggest lost of my life . You think Matthew killed himself ? I don 't know . We were all pretty messed up . What if we told you now it was a homicide ?|I guess I 'd ask if you 've looked at his dad .
Promisses ...|Sofia could search me , from top to bottom , all day long that I wouldn 't mind !
Why ?|I spent 2 summers here as a lab tech . Build character .
I have nothing new to say . I keep my friends posted .|Pedro , do you have a hot burn ? You didn 't like the food ? If you have something to say , say it to my face . How can you say I 'm you 're best friend if you didn 't even care to mention you had a boyfriend . I don 't have to tell you everything about my Iife . There are things I only share with my boyfriend . Did you care to mention that we kissed ? almost .
Med schools aren 't really impressed with mixing paint all summer .|I dropped out of Penn .
Come in .|All right .
Forget them . You 're going to art school .|I 'll find a quiet place in the middle of nowhere .
I made a fool of myself at dinner .|You could 've told me your friends were gay ! What for ? They themselves haven 't known it for long ! It ' ok .
That 's where I 'll go . Can I come ?|And when the police came , he made us say that we all saw it . But only he did . That 's why Matthew hated him so much . But not you ? I was the good girl . I went to medical school . Tried to forget . But I never did . Do you think your dad killed her ?
And when the police came , he made us say that we all saw it . But only he did . That 's why Matthew hated him so much . But not you ? I was the good girl . I went to medical school . Tried to forget . But I never did . Do you think your dad killed her ?|I don 't think so .
Hey , hey . Where do you think you 're going ? Home , to my father . Oh , Matthew . Why wasn 't I ever good enough ?|You hated me because I was like mom . No . You killed her . Matthew . What do you want from me ? I wanna forget you .
But now you must excuse me . I 'm tired and would like to retire .|If you need me .
I don 't wanna feel bad any more .|Okay . You win . It 's your life . Get in . I 'll take you wherever you want to go .
If you need me .|But to leave like this , like thieves .
I 'lI be ok .|Go on .
It was our fault . Everyone 's , even mine . It does no good to raise your voice when it 's too late ... not even to save your soul . All we have done is give Germany a sick democracy . The fear of a proletarian revolution ... which would have thrown the country to the Left was too great ... and now we can 't defend it any longer . Nazism , Gunther , is our creation .|It was born in our factories , nourished with our money .
Tell me where we are in this job . Maybe you shouldn 't be here right now .|Well , then you tell me where I should be .
I really need to talk to you . I didn 't see you at the office today ...|I hope everything is alright .
I hope everything is alright .|I missed you today and I wanted to apologize for all that has happened .
Don 't tell me that note is the end .|It 's the beginning .
" February 18 , 1933 .|" Subject : " The incrimination of Herbert Thallman , fugitive ...
I should get back .|Yeah .
They aren 't small problems , believe me .|Meanwhile , Frederick and I will keep the business going ... as we have always done in the past .
But unfortunately ...|I still wanted to say that ...
Do you think it ' fair not to tell MadaIena about your father ' ultimatum ?|If you can 't find someone who likes you to go with you to the ceremony , he his taking your name from his will . Is that it ?
If you can 't find someone who likes you to go with you to the ceremony , he his taking your name from his will . Is that it ?|Oh darling , you didn 't really believe he was that much into you , did you ?
You know Matthew made it back to the cult that night . No , I would 've seen him . His father drove him there .|Is it too hot ? No , but I could use some honey .
I thought I 'd lost you . You 'll never lose me . So , you 're ready for zero hour ? That 's why I came back , we have to get out of here .|What ? What Maurice wants us to do , it 's crazy .
No , I 've said this already ...|I think I 'm in love with you . You think you 're in love with me ? really ? exactly .
But , we can move on . To a quiet place in the middle of nowhere . Just me , you , my sister .|We 'll go to police , we 'll tell them about zero hour . And then , we 're free .
I don 't need a father anymore .|Just you . Do you feel it yet ?
Just you . Do you feel it yet ?|It 'll just be a minute now .
Frederick Bruckmann .|I pulled you up like this from the nothing that you were .
When we love someone we 're afraid of falling , of making mistakes and I believe I 've made a Iot of mistakes with you .|Truth is that making mistakes is part of Iife and they make it a Iot more worth it .
That 's it ! That 's it ! Stop it ! No more !|I love you , Jerry .
I love you , Jerry .|Look , you 're killing him ! Don 't you see ?
Sonny ?|Do you really think he 'll forgive ?
You guys make me sick ! What ?|See what you get ?
Who ordered that ?|What happened ? You don 't reply my calls , and now you show up ...
MadaIena silva . I hope MeIIo Gonzaga in a near future .|They say love goes against all odds . But only a woman who is totally in love can survive a date watching football in a bar , playing Bingo and having dinner at a gas station .
Me , I 've seen the flick three times .|Yeah , Fifteen bucks for a locker and a corner man ... Five dollar charge for shower and towel . Hmm , very true to life .
I would Iike to introduce you to our family ' newest member : Tobias Maria Gonzaga .|The cat is so cute !
Is that your personal opinion ? It is the opinion of the general staff .|And also of the Chancellor , if you don 't mind my saying so . The army is the army , and the SA is the SA .
Previously on Battlestar Galactica . Deep down in that thing you call a subconscious ... you know how many Cylons there are left in the fleet . Eight ! There are eight !|Cpl. Venner reports the former President 's missing . Missing ? Two men down , cell 's empty . Damn it .
Cpl. Venner reports the former President 's missing . Missing ? Two men down , cell 's empty . Damn it .|Glad to see you , Madam President . Well , Mr. Zarek . It would seem the enemy of my enemy is my friend .
Yeah ... I told him that Jerry had changed . I said there was no stopping him now . But Sonny didn 't believe it ?|Gina , just so you know ... Your dad was genuinely sorry about Jerry . Yeah . Too bad he didn 't feel that way before he let Mad Mo kill him .
Detective Will Jefferys , Mo . And my partner detective Vera . Where you all park car , man ? Up on the corner , we 're good . Yo , Booger .|Some good looking out for Philly 's finest .
Let 's go home .|We have found Kobol . And when we retrieve the Arrow , we will open the Tomb of Athena ... and we will find the road to Earth .
But heavy arms are not needed for public order .|All you have to do is look around . Germany is the most orderly country in the whole world . It 's a pleasure for the American and English tourists .
Must think Rome was built in a day .|Hey , go play some records . I 'll be right over .
Not who . What .|I 'm not interested in people who decide to join up ... with a religious fanatic and a terrorist . That 's their business . Now , what have I lost ? Twelve transports , seven freighters ... three construction platforms ... a private cruiser and a mining ship , sir . The Monarch was a blow . We can 't afford to lose mining ships , not in our situation . And then there 's the collateral damage . Morale is down throughout the fleet . The press is going wild , families are being split apart ... Don 't talk to me about family .
I 'm not interested in people who decide to join up ... with a religious fanatic and a terrorist . That 's their business . Now , what have I lost ? Twelve transports , seven freighters ... three construction platforms ... a private cruiser and a mining ship , sir . The Monarch was a blow . We can 't afford to lose mining ships , not in our situation . And then there 's the collateral damage . Morale is down throughout the fleet . The press is going wild , families are being split apart ... Don 't talk to me about family .|I support the president completely . And my only priorities are the preservation of her safety ... and the completion of this mission . That 's all well and good , but he 's still Adama 's son . Yeah ! Yes ! When push comes to shove ... how do we know he 'll be willing to stand up ... If it were not for him , I would still be in a Galactica jail cell . I trust him completely and this subject is closed . And what about Galactica ? They know where we are . They could jump in here at any time and charge us all with treason ... or destroy this ship with a flick of the wrist . We 're not entirely defenseless . Some of our ships are armed . We should take steps to arm the others , just in case . Just in case we want to commit suicide .
He 'd turn over in his grave ... at the idea of Konstantin being compared to his innocent little flower .|Don 't you think I could go ? It 's late .
If Galactica wants to take us down , there is nothing we can do about it . Nothing . And nobody in this room should be under any illusions on that count .|At this point , it 's my firm belief that Cdr . Adama has let us go . Lt. Thrace will return .
At this point , it 's my firm belief that Cdr . Adama has let us go . Lt. Thrace will return .|She will have the Arrow of Apollo ... and it will help us find our way to Earth . And exactly how long should we wait for her ? I mean , maybe we should go down to the surface now . Go down now and start looking for this tomb . I wouldn 't be too eager . There may still be Cylons present . And some of us will die down there .
I said fine .|You 're not ready yet . Boss ... How do you feel , Scotty ?
Don 't you think I could go ? It 's late .|Yes , go , Martin .
Yes , go , Martin .|Thank you . Goodbye .
Well , what do you say ?|Jerry ...
Margaret Sanger ...|Jack London ...
Jack London ...|George Bernard Shaw ...
Tom , that thing is moving fast . If we 're ... Gonna shoot it down , we better shoot it down . Shoot what down ?|Do I have to repeat myself ? Madam President , we have a security situation , that 's all . She wasn 't talking to you . There 's an unidentified ship making its way towards us . It 's too big to be the Lieutenant 's Cylon Raider . It 's in weapons range . The Adriatic has to fire her missiles now .
I guess I should take that back .|We see it all so different now .
Hmm , short engagement .|To make matters worse , I had to go talk Frank Shavers what I 'd done . Who 's Shavers ? From the old neighbohood I worked in his bingo parlor . If anyone had a bet on this fix , it was him . So you told him that Jerry knew about it . And to take his bet back before it was too late . What did he say ? There is no taking bets back .
So , Frank . You 've been big money on this fix , then Gina opens up her mouth to Jerry . I wasn 't pleased . So did you retaliate ? How would I have done that ? How about paying the referee 1,500 bucks to not stop the fight . No matter how bad off Jerry was . Getting me what ? Jerry ends up maimed or dead , The boxing world gets the message : Don 't mess with Frank Shavers . Ha , ha , ha . I 'm not a thug , I 'm a businessman . And it was a bad day at the office . So you never tampered with Sonny ? I never suspected anyone had . Until now .|We 're listening . Jerry lasted fifteen rounds . That 's incredible , really . But what 's more incredible is , Only one person bet on Jerry to do just said .
Is anybody getting this ?|Hello ?
Yes , sir .|Yes , I believe that 's all of it . Request for renewal , tax deposit , stamps .
Hello ?|Initiate docking .
With my children .|Thilde , age eleven . Erika , eight . Is that correct ?
There 's no shame in knowing when to walk away . No ? It 's the same in respect to Gina . Return the ring Jerry . Let my daughter be .|Drink in the night before the fight . Put it down .
Lieutenant .|Lee , there 's something I need to tell you .
Gentlemen , I 'm only going to say this once . Capt. Adama , and ... What is your name ?|Lt. Agathon . He used to be Sharon 's ECO . I thought you were dead , Helo . You a Cylon , too ? Don 't even ... All right , here 's what we 're gonna do . You 're gonna lower your weapons . Am I being perfectly clear ? What about Sharon ? She will be taken to a holding cell , where she will remain unharmed .
Should we do what the nice lady says ? She 's the President of the Colonies , you moron . And yes , we 're gonna do exactly what she says . Lower your weapons , now .|Thank you .
Perfect . I got it .|Thank you , kind sir .
Thank you , kind sir .|You know , taking it back a sec ... You 're telling me how happy I 'm back . Not asking how I 'm doing .
Help me , I implore you . Help me .|I know you 're the strongest , and you can prevent me from going . But I don 't see what 's the point .
You missed a few catastrophes while you were away . Please tell me he 's alive . Yes . After two emergency surgeries , Cottle managed to save him . That wasn 't me . Kara ! For the love of gods . Wait ! Listen ! Sharon , this Sharon , saved our lives back on Caprica . Tell them . Tell them .|I know how to find the Tomb of Athena . Do you ?
Kobol 's a big planet . You don 't find the Tomb , you don 't find Earth . Listen to her , for gods ' sakes . Listen to me !|Madam President .
Tell them to wait a minute . Yes , sir .|Thank you .
Jerry , I gotta call it . No . You can 't . The deal was a deal .|Attaboy , Jerry ! Attaboy ! C 'mon , now ! You 're my great white hope ! Attaboy !
Herbert still deludes himself . I don 't anymore . You never believed it . So why ? Why keep us here ?|Just my presence here must be unbearable to you ... because it makes you remember when you want to forget . I too , I only want to forget . So let us go away , Sophie . Let us go .
Just my presence here must be unbearable to you ... because it makes you remember when you want to forget . I too , I only want to forget . So let us go away , Sophie . Let us go .|Just one word , one word from you .
Looks like we missed all the fun .|Perry ? No .
I was the one who found him , Lil .|I never forgot .
I never forgot .|Cold Case 2x19 Strange Fruit
I know you don 't want to hear this ... but there is not another Apollo in this bunch ... and we do have to pick a new CAG .|Cdr . Adama .
There will be no other Germany but this one .|And you will not be able to escape it or avoid it .
Smelling like a brewery , too .|Ezekiel Williams , 16 . Parents reported him missing night of August 27 , 1963 . Next day his body was found . Yeah . In gang territory . 19th and diamond posse . AKA , 19 diamonds , ran that turf . Thoery was , Zeke 's murder was drug related . Well , Zeke was a straight A student . No prior drug or criminal history . Yep , kids like me ran those streets dreamt of being a diamond one day . Not kids like Zeke . Gangster dreams , huh , Will ? Yeah , now I 'm one of the good guys . Petechial hemorrhaging , possible suffocation , and body was beaten too badly to be sure . With this kind of damage you 'd have a river of blood flowing through that playground . No mention of blood in the scene notes . Body was moved ? Moved from where ?
You gonna stand by and watch that Pops ?|He 's not your boss . My Father is .
A ship is a family .|It works on trust , understanding , and love .
Zeke was steping out of line , he should 've known better .|So maybe your boys decided to school him in the proper etiquette . They weren 't my boys . And they were young and dumb , but ... Not dangerous . You didn 't agree with their philosophical outlook ? I was there for the job and a paycheck , not the politics . Did they ever bring up this incident with Zeke again ? Not to me . They knew how I stood on it . Boss 's kid ? Leave it alone . Well , someone didn 't leave it alone .
I love everyone on this ship as much as I love my ... my sons .|Galactica is still a family . You 're an important part of that family . Do you understand ? Yes , sir .
Thank you , George . I 'm sure you 'll do a fine job .|What the hell ? You got me in here jawing about picking a new CAG ... and you 've already made your choice ? I just wanted to see if you and I were on the same page or not . I beg your pardon ? I guess we 're not . You guessed right . You 're telling me that kid is leadership material ? We have very few choices and he 's the best . He 's a good man , Saul . He 's honest and he 's loyal .
Henry just doesn 't understand how heavy groceries can be . Well , maybe you should learn how to drive , Judith . Oh , silly me on the road ? That 's what Henry would say .|What 's going on here ?
Stop it .|That 's enough , Martin .
Commander . Cdr . Adama !|Can you tell us about ...
You never told the cops this ? Or your boss ? I thought it wasn 't any of my business . Whatever he was doing with that maid Matilda . But you think that 'whatever ' it was got him killed ? I thought Matilda already had a boyfriend . A real unsavory fella , too . What do you mean ? Heard he dealt dope . He hung out with one of those gangs from North Philly . North Philly ? You know what gang ? They call themselves the ' 19 Diamonds ' , I think .|Crazy name , huh ?
Please allow me to make a statement . Please be seated . Thank you very much .|If you don 't already know , the fleet has been divided .
What happened ? What are you doing here ?|What do you want from me ? I don 't know anything !
And the resources we 've sacrificed ... will present new challenges for all of us .|But if we stay together ... we will rise to the occasion as we have before .
We have lost no one that cannot be replaced by someone loyal ... who has chosen to remain with us .|This is the fleet .
Thank you .|This is the fleet ? Commander ? Commander ?
I envied them ... unaware as they were of the ... wider complexities , challenges of life .|You 're beginning to see human beings as we see them . What I am beginning to see are Cylon faces , everywhere I look .
Be peaceful , be courteous , obey the law , respect everyone . Malcolm said that , too . But if someone puts his hand on you , send him to the cemetery . Forgot the last part .|Fool .
Why didn 't I ask her who they were ?|If that idiot hadn 't shot her . And why is it when things go wrong , they go wrong so well ... Gaius , you get yourself far , far too worked up about these things .
That 's where Zeke 's body was found . Yeah .|Zeke was found a block away from your little chess club , Clyde .
They ?|Why are you talking to me like I 'm not one of them ?
Why are you talking to me like I 'm not one of them ?|In some ways , you never were .
Mrs is barely out of her house . And already it 's starting up . What are we doing here , Clyde ?|Told you there 's somehing you should see .
You have a path . You will be spared their fate .|For once , Gaius , you can stop manipulating the world and let destiny take its course .
Turned up dead the next day .|Zeke do something about what he saw ?
This is the secret Germany . Nothing is lacking .|You can even find your history , and Frederick 's .
It 's Miss O 'Hara . Never did have a ball and chain .|About time they got some female detectives on the force . They didn 't let girls in the club til ' 73 . Pretty rough for female cops back then ? Rough ? Commissioners put first timers on the worst drug corners . No patrol cars , no back up . Can 't live with 'em , can 't kill 'em off . Yeah , you got that right . Never got past secretary myself . Their loss , you ask me . You remember this report you filed ? Back in ' 63 .
She claims to love Lt. Agathon .|She says she loves the baby she 's carrying .
This young girl was raped .|That right , Miss ?
I 've told her that unless we return from Kobol with a map to Earth ... that Lt. Agathon will be put out the airlock as a Cylon conspirator .|Is that true ? Doesn 't matter if it 's true . She believed it .
Is that true ? Doesn 't matter if it 's true . She believed it .|She saved them , both of them . She didn 't have to . She could 've saved her child and let them die . Why didn 't she ?
She saved them , both of them . She didn 't have to . She could 've saved her child and let them die . Why didn 't she ?|Because I believe that she 's telling the truth about one thing ... she thinks she 's in love . Even if it 's software instead of an emotion , it 's real to her . She wants her baby to live . She wants Agathon to live .
Stick it in .|Can 't rape a woman , if she don 't let you .
This is not the way that I thought things were gonna go down .|I knew they 'd be suspicious , but ...
Frederick will do what must be done .|But I would like you to help me never to expose him to this sort of thing again . What do you mean ?
They 're human ... the way you are .|Has anyone stopped to consider ... that the reason Sharon knows so much about Kobol is because it 's a Cylon trap ? I 've done more than consider it . It is clearly possible we 're facing a trap . Capt. Apollo has already warned us that Cylon encounter in the region is probable . Has Capt. Apollo managed to tell us anything we don 't already know ?
He is in charge of this mission . He is second in command only to myself . I strongly encourage you to remember that , Mr. Meier .|Whatever the risks , whatever the consequences , I am going anyway .
Whatever the risks , whatever the consequences , I am going anyway .|I am committed .
Am I clear ?|Executing eyeball run . Affirmative , you 're clear . Rolling in . Weapons hot .
Well , look .|I was off the clock at lunch , so ... I 'm fine .
I was off the clock at lunch , so ... I 'm fine .|I 've given you every shot I can , pal .
Let 's go , baby .|Here we go ! Three , two , one , away ! Leader , beginning strafing run .
You once told me to do what you believe is right . Well , I was wrong . And that our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter ? Remember , Mrs. Jones ?|Didn 't this place teach you , Zeke ? What you have to say , doesn 't matter .
To wage war , they want cannons .|They won 't have enough without the Essenbeck Steelworks . Watch out , cousin Aschenbach . In this negotiation , I don 't have less of an argument than you have . What made you suddenly become such a miser with concessions ? That 's not difficult to answer .
Yeah ! Bang on ! Did you see that ?|Bang on ? Hotdog , you frakking idiot ! You almost got me killed ! What are you talking about ? Birch , you said I was clear ! All Vipers , this is Leader . Repeat , all Vipers , this is Leader . Report back to Galactica . Report back to Galactica .
Power . All the power or nothing .|Remember ?
Then we 'll get married . Very soon .|You and I together , forever .
Billy says a friend of his at the station house saw you . Getting that colored boy out .|I did it for you , Henry . So you wouldn 't go to jail .
You and I together , forever .|And Martin ?
You are the last one that should be telling me what to do ... after the stunt you pulled . Stealing the Cylon Raider and then tearing ass back to Caprica ?|Yeah , I guess you 're clearly the poster boy for military discipline , huh ? You know what , you have no idea what happened to me on Caprica .
Yeah , I guess you 're clearly the poster boy for military discipline , huh ? You know what , you have no idea what happened to me on Caprica .|So while you 're standing here polishing off your halo , consider for a second ... that you may not have any damned idea what the hell you 're talking about ...
More than your husband . Where is he ?|You tell me right now , or you pack your bags , and you get out , and you will never see your daughter again . You can 't do that . None of this would ever happened if wasn 't for those people . Moving into our neighborhoods , taking a man 's livelihood , his job , his woman . That 's why she got him out , Henry . I don 't know what you 're talking about , Billy ! You 're sleeping with that colored boy aren 't you ? No ! God , I don 't even know him ! Mommy ?
Martin has never been a problem .|And Konstantin , has he never been a problem ?
What Roslin 's doing is reckless . We have our own fleet now . How much longer ... do we need to keep playing follow the leader ? We have a fleet because people believe Roslin 's going to lead them to Earth . She 's a fraud . You don 't believe her , do you ? No , but I believe in the power of myth .|I 'm not interested in risking our lives any more than you are ... but she 's clearly not gonna be talked out of this . And in the end , president or prophet , it doesn 't really matter . She still needs a commander , a man in charge of the fleet .
I 'm not interested in risking our lives any more than you are ... but she 's clearly not gonna be talked out of this . And in the end , president or prophet , it doesn 't really matter . She still needs a commander , a man in charge of the fleet .|The man with the guns makes the rules .
The man with the guns makes the rules .|What if she decides you 're not the man to be in charge of the fleet ?
It 's your move .|Oh , God .
Well , that piece of paper was found in Zeke 's pocket . Your daughter was there when Zeke was killed .|That day , I lost my one friend in the world .
I am not afraid , Sophie .|Joachim ...
And I know ...|I 'll be trapped with Aschenbach all my life .
We know you were there , Charlotte .|When Zeke was killed .
When you are at the peak of the pyramid ... not even Aschenbach will have power over you .|Oh , my God .
How could I have not have seen that ?|I want to set this fleet on a path to freedom . Of course .
I want to set this fleet on a path to freedom . Of course .|I want to deliver unto them the liberty we 've promised .
The Ruy Lopez .|He taught it to you . And you left it with him . I found it on his body .
Roderich , you and I will end up in the heavens .|So don 't kick me out of here .
So don 't kick me out of here .|I 've got no one in the whole world .
But he 's no Apollo .|Moving on 709 ...
Can I have my ball back ? What , I can 't hold it ?|Can I have my ball back , please ? Where 'd you get a Pyramid ball , anyway ?
I got him , I got him !|Get him up , get him up !
What else ?|Let 's go in . You are missing the best .
And when night came , I stayed there , waiting .|Calm yourself . I didn 't bring you here to blackmail you .
What 's up with you , Kara ? Anything you want to talk about ?|Nope .
Nope .|Must have been hard ... being back on Caprica ... being home .
It didn 't bring him any luck .|And then to put you in real trouble , you , the son of a hero ... the true hero , the only von Essenbeck .
My partner . Scotty Valens . I could step out if you wanna be alone . Let 's just get down to it .|James ? Uh ... well , it 's something I heard during counselling . Guys admitting to the group , the lowest thing they 've ever done .
Anyway , tomorrow this whole thing 's gonna end , one way or another . We find the Tomb or we don 't . We find a way to Earth or we don 't .|I just want you to know , Kara , that I 'm your friend . I love you . If there 's anything you want to talk about ... anything you wanna get off your chest , then I 'm here for you .
According to the new order , yours isn 't even a crime . In fact , it 's ...|But that 's not enough to say we are friends or allies .
What was that middle part again ?|What do you mean ?
But he who wants to become master of all , even of himself ... who deludes himself into thinking ... he is able to make his own decisions ... to think by himself : That , no .|You don 't have these pretensions . Right , Martin ?
Here . You never know when you might need to defend yourself .|Here we go .
Here we go .|" And the blaze pursued them , and the people of Kobol had a choice ...
Your mother , on the other hand , has one .|You , Martin .
And it took the founders of the 13 colonies to their destiny .|And those that didn 't board the galleon took the high road ... the rocky ridge that led to the Tomb .
The path is supposed to be marked by gravestones .|There 's something there .
Look , I can 't help you .|You got a permit for that ? Yeah , same one you got . I work homocide , Philly PD .
Nice one . Ammo ! Here .|Lee , no !
You could 've offered that up . Well , you could 've asked .|So , ' detective ' . Are you gonna tell me where your sister is or what ? You gonna tell me what this is about ? No can do . Me neither .
Not bad .|It 's interesting .
I could do anything to destroy her security , her strength ... and her power .|Anything !
And I really did .|But now , all that changed to hate .
But now , all that changed to hate .|I hate her .
What the hell 's that ? Serving eviction notices ?|Oh , thank you . You see me doing that , take a ball peen hammer to the back of my head . Where have you been , huh ? We got a boatload of stuff to do . I was telling Butch , if everything goes right we can be running fares by top of next week .
Oh , thank you . You see me doing that , take a ball peen hammer to the back of my head . Where have you been , huh ? We got a boatload of stuff to do . I was telling Butch , if everything goes right we can be running fares by top of next week .|What ? I got bad news . And good . I guess . Spill it . My Uncle Samuel said he would make room for me at his shoe repair shop . No way . No way . You 're not chickening out . I already started . This morning . Monty , everything 's riding on this . It 's bone dry out there .
Screw your chicken ass outta here . I would , I need my check .|I 'm gonna come back , I 'm gonna burn this place down !
I hate her .|Very simple .
Very simple .|I want to see her weak ... ruined and alone .
I 'm not . Yeah , you are .|Look , James . We can 't do this . So , did you find anything about my uncle 's murder ? Ah , we 're just now tracking down his pals . Monty ? Yeah . You know him ? Yeah , when I was fourteen Joe and Monty showed me around the mill . I thought it was neat but , Monty said not to be like him . Said he was born in the mills , was going to die in the mills . Said I 'd be happier if I kept my nose in the books .
Look , James . We can 't do this . So , did you find anything about my uncle 's murder ? Ah , we 're just now tracking down his pals . Monty ? Yeah . You know him ? Yeah , when I was fourteen Joe and Monty showed me around the mill . I thought it was neat but , Monty said not to be like him . Said he was born in the mills , was going to die in the mills . Said I 'd be happier if I kept my nose in the books .|Probably should 've took his advice .
And therefore , I intend to stop this habit ... of taking liberties .|Excuse me , Frederick .
You made a promise ... to all of us ... to find Earth ... to find us a home ... together .|It doesn 't matter what the President did , or even what Lee did .
Alright , James . I have to run . Last year at the train stop ?|You said you were my girl ? I know . Was that just a trick ? No . So what 'd you mean by that ? That we were friends , James . But that 's all .
Your hearts good , you know that ?|And if it 's not going to be me , I hope you find someone you can talk to .
I didn 't ask to stay !|And I won 't stay very much longer . I order you ! Get back into your place !
Pretty opposite for me . Meaning you lost respect for Joe ? He turned out to be a bigger fink than Monty ! What he did to my sister !|Janie ! Hey !
Neither one of you condescended to come to the opening of the new steelworks .|For one reason or another ... you decided to miss a most important family obligation .
Your absence was conspicuous to me .|And I insist that this kind of behavior never happens again !
And I insist that this kind of behavior never happens again !|What is the meaning of all this control ?
The impromptu visits , the secrecy , the spying .|The investigations carried out by the secret service ... against some of my most trusted colleagues .
For some time , the works have seemed to be besieged ... and I know very well that none of this could have taken place ... without your full knowledge .|So what is it ?
So what is it ?|I assure you ... that no one will leave this room ... until all that has to be said is said .
Wow . You drank that really fast . You should see me have sex .|You are not great at bragging . That 's just Bursk being Bursk . I 've only been here for a couple of weeks , but I feel like I 'm really getting to know you guys . Like , Justin , you are an incredible boss and a great dancer .  Oh , please .
Alright , fine . Forty .|Plus upstairs , makes a hundred . Call .
I don 't have much to say .|Elizabeth and the children took the train to Salzburg on the morning of June 18 .
And , Shelly , you 're magic , because you make me disappear a lot . Oh , where did she go ? ! |Though I don 't love being tied to the disappearance of a white girl .
Elizabeth and the children took the train to Salzburg on the morning of June 18 .|They never arrived .
Hey . Guys , this is my boyfriend , Trent .|He 's a deejay . Oh , no way . I 'm a deejay , too . No , you 're not . Uh , I have a computer and headphones , and I know how to jump up and down and press play on iTunes , so ... Yeah , I 'm a deejay .
Wow . He 's a total tool , and that 's coming from me , so you know he 's got to be pretty bad . Look , we ... we have to tell Candace that she can do better than Trent . I actually have an even better idea . We should never tell her ever , because if we do , she 's gonna want to kill us . If I were her , I 'd want to know . Oh , really , Leslie ? Because you just loved it when I told you that your boyfriend in high school was cheating on you . Relax . I barely hit you . With your car .|Danny , Candace hasn 't had the greatest childhood . She grew up poor , not many friends , dad never around . 'Cause , you see , when I hire people , I become , well , sort of a father figure .
I have returned to give myself up to the Gestapo .|In exchange , they will release the children .
Crap .|You should 've quit the mill when Ham told you about the contracts . Told me what ? Well , not in so many words but ... Look , Joe I knew Johnstone was selling . In his office I saw the paper work . When ? The day before he made his big speech . Saying Johnstone lied that day ? To all of us guys ? Without so much as a flinch .
That 's why , when I 'm on my death bed , my son will lean down and say to me , " daddy , I love you . " " But we 're pulling the plug . " My son would never pull the plug on me . I work at a retirement home . Trust me ... he will .|Bye , Jake .
Nah .|I do .
Gunther ! Stop .|Where are you going ? Idiot ! You haven 't heard the best yet .
Come with me . Come .|Look at him .
Oh , hey , if you 're brewing tea , don 't bother . Your stuffed animals called and said they can 't make the party .|Oh , that 's Candace . She 's coming over to talk . I assume it 's to apologize , so I brewed some tea .
Oh , that 's Candace . She 's coming over to talk . I assume it 's to apologize , so I brewed some tea .|Oh . Justin . Danny , can I talk to you about something ? Oh , sure . I just made us some tea . Justin : What ? Oh , you made the tea ? That 's interesting . What flavor is it ? Fancy time . Okay . I 'll be in the kitchen . Sit down . Come on . Uh ...
Leslie : Good news . I fixed things with Jake . Did you tell him not to say anything ? No . I said that you were nervous and to give you another shot tomorrow . How is this gonna be better by tomorrow ? Oh , calm down , my little Cadbury 's cream puff .|We just need to see what you 're working with . How ? Come on , Brett . Let 's dance .
Easy does it there , Monty .|I 'm not doing nothing . Show us what you got in your hands .
And even if it seems paradoxical to you ... if anyone should be afraid among us , it 's you ... from now on . And you , too , Mother .|What do you want of Frederick ?
I made that piggy squeal .|And I made the frog watch .
Why is that ?|He 's a ghost . Reminder from my past .
Well , I hope you 're proud of yourself . Uh , yeah , I am . But what are we talking about ? Candace gave Danny the perfect opportunity to end this whole Trent thing . And guess what he did . Nothing . You 're just pissed because she chose me as the father figure . Maybe she did . We 're still a family . Guess that makes me the concerned big brother . That 's such a weird thing for the overbearing mom to say . Mom , can you make me some pizza rolls ? Not now , Shelly . Plus , you already had your snack .|Candace is such a good girl . If you had an opportunity to help her get rid of that loser , why wouldn 't you do that ?
Thank you , Danny . Anytime .|That is such a stupid decision . Why did she make that ? Well , she 's young .  What 's your excuse ?
Just like this place is .|Must 've fixed this very loom say , dozen times . You were hard working . I respect that . I was tedious more than anything . More so for the guy who has dreams .
Must 've fixed this very loom say , dozen times . You were hard working . I respect that . I was tedious more than anything . More so for the guy who has dreams .|Yeah , everybody says , have ' em , but , uh , But uh , when they don 't pan up , that 's a whole other story , right ? Pretty sure having dreams is my curse . See , I could fix a loom . Weave as well as weavers .
Yeah , everybody says , have ' em , but , uh , But uh , when they don 't pan up , that 's a whole other story , right ? Pretty sure having dreams is my curse . See , I could fix a loom . Weave as well as weavers .|It was a good life .
Mother !|Kneel , and ask my pardon , on your knees !
Yes ! I did it ! I can kiss !|Shelly ! Shelly !
Kneel , and ask my pardon , on your knees !|No , Martin , no . On your knees .
Knowing you won 't be in this world anymore .|Why ? 'Cause the ones you leave behind . There 's so many questions .
Why ? 'Cause the ones you leave behind . There 's so many questions .|If I watch you , maybe I 'll be able to help to your people . Well , I don 't want you to help my family ! That is for me to do . But you gotta choose , Monty . It 's up to you .
And now the rest , Monty .|Talk about that last night with Joe and Butch .
It would be a luxury . A useless waste .|To destroy Frederick , the venomous bite of an asp is enough .
You have the most beautiful mother in all the world . Will I look like her one day ? Beauty is an illusion . A nice one .|Get in the bathroom . Lock the door , both of you .
Thank you guys . You 're the best . I still got that hug in the chamber .|Oh . Wait , wait , wait . Guys . Um . Danny , can I ask you a favor ? Sure .
Martin , what are you doing here ?|Go away , Mother . Go away , please .
Excuse me , that Sergeant said I should talk to Detective Rush ? I 'm Rush . This is Detective Valens . Can I show you guys something ? You got a name ? Kara Dhiet . How about you ? Booker . You know about Ebay , right ? Vaguely . Cause I was foolin ' around looking for some textbooks , when I came across this .|It was my mother 's bracelet . Okay . I 'm wearing at here .
And me ? Do you also hate your mother ?|Go away , Mother . Please , go away .
Should I have faith in you ?|Listen , Martin .
Raptor One went down ... right about here just outside the ruins of the city . Now we never made it past , say , here .|But we visually scouted the approaches out to the mountains .
You , who 's always been my nightmare .|You , with your oppression , with your will to subjugate me at all costs ... in every way . With your idiotic wigs and lipsticks .
You have always preferred him .|You gave him everything , everything that belongs to me . My factory , my money , my house , brick by brick .
Get up against the wall .|Everybody keep their hands where we can see ' em .
Even my name ! And your love .|You 're the worst .
Okay . King of the hill . Queen of the hill , thank you very much . We should take shelter until the storm passes . Sounds good . After that ?|Then we start the tough part .
Where do you think you 're goin ' ? Honestly , you must let us go . We 'll be in great danger if you send us back . Shut it . No ! I will not let you . Not let me ? You have a passport , my friend ? A Visa ?|I have something else .
I have something else .|Khmer ruby . Very rare .
Sophie , we must do something .|We can 't stay inside . Isolated .
I 'll be going down in a Raptor . What ?|I 'm not gonna leave the fleet undefended ... and it 's too risky to try and take all of us . Send a search party , for frak 's sake .
We can 't stay inside . Isolated .|Prisoners in our own house .
Prisoners in our own house .|Hunted just as Aschenbach wanted us to be .
Truth is ...|I 'm the only one that can reach out to Roslin .
But you must want it , too .|You must help me .
I thought that they were just stories . What were ?|Daddy thinks I 'm going to be beautiful like you , but I don 't think so . You 're a princess , of course you 'll be beautiful . Beauty 's on the inside , Kara . In your veins .
 11 : 00 . 20 degrees elevation . There 's a formation of twin rocks up ahead . Yeah , I got it . I think those are the Gates of Hera . You think ?|I 'm putting together a lot of pieces from a lot of sources beyond your scriptures . If I 'm right ... that 's the spot where your God supposedly stood ... and watched Athena throw herself down onto the rocks below ... out of despair over the exodus of the 13 tribes . Supposedly ? I thought the Cylons believed in the gods . Yeah , don 't get her started . They believe in one true God or something like that . And we don 't worship false idols . You were quick enough to come on this mission . Lead us all to some tomb only actually mentioned in our false scriptures . We know more about your religion than you do .
Girl needs a father figure to look up to .|Not all girls . See you ain 't wearing no wedding ring .
I think Channary , upset Atwater . Maybe get family deported .|So I paid price for her . What d 'you have to do ?
You decided to brighten up the place a little , did you ?|Our child will be born here . In this room .
Mommy and Martin|Martin kills Mommy
You 're not listening . Oh , you noticed ?|No , I have had enough . Do you seriously expect me to listen to you while you sit around stark naked ?
I brought some of my friends with me .|Otherwise , what kind of celebration would it be ?
Then I guess I 'm really scared . So , what 's it going to be this week ? What is it ? Don 't tell me , I 'll guess .|The ship 's gonna blow up ! No , damn ! Done that one . So it 's gotta be someone else . Someone ... . Me ! But , of course , me ! I 'm gonna explode ! God ! God is gonna make me spontaneously combust into a great big ball of flame ... and then the whole crew of Galactica can celebrate on ambrosia . Get really drunk .
Okay . Enough , I can 't do this anymore .|You 're right . Game 's over you win .
You 're right . Game 's over you win .|I win ?
You are here all the time . Just like me . I read the New Testament once . Long time ago . I 'm trying to figure out how to live in this country . I thought this would be a good place to start . It 's a place .|Where are you from ?
What did I win ? You don 't get it ?|Come on , Gaius , wake up and smell the psychosis already .
Did you ever smoke opium ? In south east asia ?|Yeah ... why ? I don 't know anyone here .
You hated here ? Did you hate Vietnam ?|My name 's Daryl . Channary . But my real name is Kanita .
Very funny . Hysterical . Do you write your own material ? You don 't believe me , do you ? No , I don 't .|That 's great ! I love it . Is it ? Good . I 've had enough of this , all right ? So can we just stop playing this stupid game ? I 'm sorry .
Who doesn 't love a wedding ?|Sure , Caroline , get married . The day you 've dreamt of your whole life , just throw it together like some shotgun Vegas wedding to lure out and murder your nemesis , all before the vows are over . Yeah , it 's happening fast .
I never got to explain to you why I said yes to Stefan . I know why you said yes . You want to spend your life with him , in spite of everything .|I get it , but I can 't watch you marry him . Can 't watch him be happy . And it 's really hard for me to say that I won 't be there with you . Because you know I would do anything for you . I can 't do that to myself . I won 't .
If there is no chip ... then who ... or what are you exactly ?|I 'm you .
I 'm so sorry .|I 'm sorry in ways that I didn 't even know existed .
Okay , check it out .|You helped the Cylons commit genocide against your own people ... and your fragile little mind couldn 't handle it . So , poof !
And every girl needs a father figure like you said .|Tell me you can nail this bastard . We 've got phone records , ties him to Channary before the murders . That 's crap ! I never called that woman !
I 'm sorry in ways that I didn 't even know existed .|I know that I am one step removed from the reason that you lost Enzo . So I am extremely grateful that you 're even sitting here being my friend right now .
I know that I am one step removed from the reason that you lost Enzo . So I am extremely grateful that you 're even sitting here being my friend right now .|Bonnie , I love you so much . So much . Please know that . I do . I know you do .
But I 'm not playing this stupid game , Sara . Now you 've had your fun . Why don 't you get yourself checked out ?|Go down to sickbay and get a brain scan . That would settle it , wouldn 't it ?
Oh , for frak 's sake let me see if I can make heads or tails of it . Look , I marked the terrain as best I could , but we 're not ... .|Topography 's for pansies anyways .
Ask your wife she knows . He wants me to be with him .|Must be a mistake . No mistake . Hands and knees .
Happy bachelor party , little brother .|Oh , you can celebrate with us , too .
You think I 'm foolin ' ?|First lick the boots , then move on up .
Look what you made me do !|Now , I gotta kill you , too !
He loves her . And , yeah , he knows she 's a machine .|He doesn 't care . He loves her anyway .
He doesn 't care . He loves her anyway .|Frak . How can one of us get that roped in by one of them ? We should keep an eye on him , too . Helo 's a friend of mine , all right . He 's one of the good guys .
Ain 't you even gonna beg ?|You don 't exist .
I know this is a lot for you , Matty . But I miss my family .|Don 't worry , I won 't get all weepy before the drinks arrive .
Um , I 'm going to the mall with Brandi and Tiffany , and then they 're having dinner at my house . We 're going shopping for an outfit for the dance . They 're gonna be like the same , but we each get a different color .|Mine 's gonna be strapless . Great . Rita , what are you doing this weekend ? Me and my mum are probably getting an iguana . But they 're like really big when they 're fully matured , so we 'll maybe build their own habitat .
Then trust Caroline .|Trust how she feels . Share in her happiness . It won 't negate ours .
I 'm imagining us next to a little church I remember in the French countryside . It 's in the middle of a lavender field . I always thought it would be the perfect place to marry you .|And after our wedding , we 'd dance .
It 's like I 'm back in the fleet . But you were never in the fleet . That was the other Sharon .|I know . I know that .
But I remember all of it .|Like getting my wings . My first trip aboard the Galactica , You know , the memory of being in a uniform is so strong , so potent ... it 's like , " I 'm Sharon Valerii and this is my family . "
Can I get that for you ?|No , Scotty . You sit .
Uh ... yeah .|Peter .
She 's lost a lot of people . Friends , supporters .|All she has left is her young prince . We 're here . He 's here .
Didn 't expect you to be so cleaned up .  Well , it is a wedding . I thought you 'd come straight from your workshop with the dagger . The one they asked you to make from Katherine 's bones .|I 'm surprised Matt told you about it . I didn 't think he 'd want to involve you in all this . Well , if we 're gonna be a family again , we need to be honest with each other .
She was the girl who died at Devil 's Pool years ago . No , we didn 't know her . Are you trying to pin something else on him now ? She went to school in your neck of the woods . We remember the story . It was tragic , but that 's the only time I 'd ever heard her name . This is wrong . You 're taking advantage of a sick person . What 's he on ?|Clozaril . If you bring it in , we can get that to him . He might be here a while .
Hey , are you okay ? Honestly , no .|Maybe I should hold onto that . No , I 'm the bait . I should . Hey . Know this . If she lays a hand on you , I will cut her up into tiny , little pieces and I will serve her at the wedding buffet .
There 'll be a lot of confusion , stress , panic .|Then the Cylon could find herself getting shot real easy .
Then the Cylon could find herself getting shot real easy .|And how would you propose such a thing might happen ?
The medication makes me , um , under water . But a little clearer , right ?|Okay .
Where 's Dad ? I haven 't seen him all day . I 'm sure he 'll be here soon . STEFAN : By the way , I think you may have gone a little bit overboard with the number of compelled guests . DAMON : Well , I mean , Stefan , it had to look authentic . Katherine knows your girl 's not gonna have a small , intimate gathering . Ah .|Traditional opening waltz of the Founder 's Ball . The exact same one you and Katherine danced to in 1864 .
You 're a dictionary now ? I 'm sorry I 'm smarter than you .|That 's okay . The baby can have your brains as long as he gets my looks . Yeah , that 'd be a real blessing for her .
BONNIE : Or|I could walk with you . Oh , my God . You 're here .  : Oh ... I have a selfish reason .
When you do , see these markings ?|On her skin all over . Black pen . You put those on her ? No .
Okay , Neil . You , it 's over . So , now you 've gone to first base . You can go . We 're done with you .|Neil , come back and visit later . Not .
He had killed my first wife . Then I found out he had turned her , and that was what she wanted .|Eventually , I got past that . How ? I guess I didn 't have the energy to hate somebody forever .
Done things that ... no apology can heal . But you just have to keep going .|Try to find some new happiness .
Brandi thinks you 're cool and she wants to hang out with you . I have to go home . Rita , this is a chance of a lifetime . It is way better being with them than being a nerd and gifted .|Hey , Rita . Cute snickers . So , my parents are in the Bahamas and we 're having a sleepover tonight . I want you to come but you can 't tell your mom because well , I don 't really have permission . Ariel , is this a trick ? No , she for real wants you there . I do , too .
Hey , Rita . Cute snickers . So , my parents are in the Bahamas and we 're having a sleepover tonight . I want you to come but you can 't tell your mom because well , I don 't really have permission . Ariel , is this a trick ? No , she for real wants you there . I do , too .|I could sneak out after my mom goes to bed .
Okay . Yeah , God has a plan and ... there is a God and he talks to Gaius Baltar . Okay . Shut up will you !|Will you stop going crazy in there ?
Boys don 't think you 're anthing if you 're fat .|Here . See ? Gross .
Here . See ? Gross .|Yeah . Look at her butt .
We haven 't .|Oh . Well ... just wing it . Go .
You told me once that I would fall madly in love without realizing it . And that 's what happened .|Day by day , bit by bit , year by year . With you . I remember saying that to you . We were dancing at my prom .
Right here . Back fat .|You have a fat back like your mom . She 's really ugly , no offense . I don 't wanna do this anymore . Tiffany , way to go . Now she 's pissed . So ? Did you know there 's a rumor that your mom 's a slut ?
You have a fat back like your mom . She 's really ugly , no offense . I don 't wanna do this anymore . Tiffany , way to go . Now she 's pissed . So ? Did you know there 's a rumor that your mom 's a slut ?|Everybody 's saying it .
I knew it . What a bitch .|I hated Rita and her slut mom about as much as I hated my jackass dad . But I didn 't have it in me to kill her . No ? Not like they did .
I hated Rita and her slut mom about as much as I hated my jackass dad . But I didn 't have it in me to kill her . No ? Not like they did .|Why does Sporto like the ugly girl ? Claire 's much prettier .
Eww , you 're blind .|You have weird eyes in real life , no offense . Can I have them back , please .
Billy , you have no idea ... what it means to me to have you here .|It 's good to see you , too .
Commander , no ! Get off her .|I want you to die .
Why ? Holly .|Will you run the bath upstairs ? Sure .
I was an angry kid . Guess why ? Tell me about them coming home that night .|They didn 't like when I had friends over .
I believe we 'll be together again .|When I see you again , there 'll be only peace . And no one will ever part us .
When I see you again , there 'll be only peace . And no one will ever part us .|But right now , you need to fight ! And you need to live .
Please , Bonnie . Bonnie , you know in your heart this is right . Do it now . Use your magic . Show them how to do the spell .|Do what I do , okay ?
Say these words : Phesmatos motus incendiaros . Phesmatos ... Live your life , Bonnie Bennett . All of it . Promise me .|I promise . I love you .
I don 't know why she came back . And then my mom saw her . Neil and I were sent to our rooms .|And in the morning , she was dead .
In cold blood , not even a trial .|Hi .
And all I had to do was keep you idiots distracted until the fire started . What is Katherine planning ? You don 't have to bully me . She wanted me to let you know . She 's gonna burn down Mystic Falls . With hellfire . Tonight .|She 's talking about the bell .
She 's talking about the bell .|Even if Katherine rings the bell , she can 't create hellfire . Only someone from the Maxwell bloodline can do that . Dad 's not gonna do it and neither am I. Oh , then it 's a good thing you weren 't an only child .
MAN : Prime Minister , the central thrust of the act is simple , in township schools all lessons and key subjects must be taught in Afrikaans . More and more blacks are adopting English at an alarming rate . If the native wishes to play a useful role in our culture he must be able to speak our language . Indeed . But there is resistance . PRIME MINISTER : Really ? In what way ? Teachers threatening to strike , pupils refusing to attend classes . Arrest those kids playing truant . That shouldn 't strike fear into our hearts .|If you think about it in this way , children learning to speak Afrikaans , is not a bad idea . You think knowledge is the answer to everything . Not knowledge ... understanding . To understand one 's opponent is a good thing . Nothing is a good thing when it is forced upon you against your will . Yes . Yes . This is also true .
Well , Rita was pushed not held down . I didn 't do that to Rita . She was kind . I wouldn 't hurt her .|What about your parents that night ? They never left their room after we were punished . And Brandi ?
We haven 't met but ...|I remember you .
What happened after Rita saw you in the bathroom ?|She tried to save us .
Let it go for now .|Lieutenant Thrace says that there are survivors back on the Colonies .
What 's going on ?|I don 't know . PRISONERS :  Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko !
I don 't know . PRISONERS :  Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko ! Biko !|Quiet !  Biko ! Biko ! Biko !
It was the right one then , it 's the right one now .|So every moment of every day since then ... is a gift .
So every moment of every day since then ... is a gift .|From the gods ? No . From you .
Maybe it 's time to go find this ... tomb of yours .|So Cally kills Sharon ... and the old man gives her 30 days in the brig . Thirty days for murder . They don 't see it as murder , Helo . That 's what I 'm trying to tell you . That 's what you 're not hearing . To him , to the president , to all of them ...
They get their perfect lives . Me , I 'm innocent and I get wrecked .|That 's cause I 'm the one who saw her face .
Sometimes it is , uh ... hard to be , as you say ... optimistic .|No matter how wrong our calculations have been in the past , no matter what difficulties we face in the future , our freedom will be brought about by the strength of our organization and by the sheer determination of our people .
I won 't just stand by and let them kill you like the other Sharon .|Okay ?
Okay ?|I believe you , Helo . I do .
She 's ours .|Whatever .
Ruth would have kicked you for talking about a woman like that .|What I wouldn 't give to have a good old argument with Ruth about that .
I 'd just been with her .|If only I 'd ... I 'd told her ... so much .
What 're you talking about ?|Do you love me ? Yes .
At the very least , we need to set up a crisis committee to deal with Winnie . How to handle her without burning Nelson .|Yes . Of course .
Trust us .|Have you had a chance to think about our conversation ? Haven 't thought about anything else . And ?
Lieutenant Thrace , I hope you have that Arrow handy .|I need you to know something . I 'm Sharon but I 'm a different Sharon . I know who I am . I don 't have hidden protocols or programs lying in wait to be activated . I make my own choices . I make my own decisions ... and I need you to know that this is my choice .
Who is next in line ? The Minister of Defense , Pieter Willem Botha . The economic situation is not improving , Kobie . I 've just been told that a major international bank is threatening to withdraw support unless we engage with black leadership . They want us to negotiate with them . Pray to God it doesn 't come to that . Prime Minister , to that end I 've given this serious thought . We 've played our hand with Buthelezi long enough . We have no other choice but to be ... pragmatic .|BOTHA : Nelson Mandela ? Yes , this from a top psychologist .
Nothing .|What 'd you think would happen when you got caught ? Sorry ? You tell the hospital 's a mistake ?
GENERAL : If the blacks kill each other , they will forget all about fighting us . General , are you suggesting we provide military training for Inkatha ? Merely to defend themselves . Let Inkatha Zulus return to their warring nature .|If the blacks turn on each other , moving forward towards a unified democracy would be a moot point .
If the blacks turn on each other , moving forward towards a unified democracy would be a moot point .|I will make sure there is no connection back to our military . The enemy of my enemy is my friend .
You can 't imagine .|How long she been making you do things for her ? It 's just a favor that got mixed up . It was blackmail , Ariel . Always has been . Because she knows what you did . No .
I didn 't know you 'd live through it .|My life is over . We 'll be home soon . I don 't want to go home . So what if she thinks we 're losers ? We 'll be losers through Junior High . I don 't care . My mom says everybody who 's ever been anything in the world was a loser . I care . Just because you don 't why do I have to suffer ? In 6 years , we 'll be in college and my mom said we 'll be cool . I can 't wait for college . 6 years ? My god . Brandi 's gonna hate me for 6 years . So what if those idiot girls don 't like you ? That 's not what matters in this world . It 's better to be smart and different like us . No . I don 't want to be like us . But Ariel , in college we 'll be considered cool . And ... maybe before that we could be best friends to each other , if you want .
Oh , and Jimmy Collins . He was the ringleader .|What ?
Where the hell are we ? I don 't know .|Tomb of Athena , I think . I thought we were already in the tomb . I think that was the lobby .
Already they have done so much to try and destroy her .|Nelson . For your own peace of mind , we must get word to the ANC to find out the truth about this . I have had a certain amount of peace and protection here .
They put the rock , strangled . From the front , bare hands . Sounds personal . No robbery , either . Lab didn 't get much blood to test . Maybe they were scared to collect it . The guys on the scene knew he was gay ? Earring in his right ear . Not a lot of unknowns about AIDS in ' 83 . Nick is probably right . All we have are a few blood stains on Jeff 's shirt . Never analyzed . Lab would have to deal with it now if your victim fought back . Might be the killer 's blood . Anything else to go on ? You ever hear the Benjamin Kern Foundation ? I heard the current building . Cool , big fountain up front . This is Jeffrey Kern . The victim 's rich . Might be significant . Who stood to gain from Jeff dying ? He got any sibling , Scotty ? Yeah , a brother . Well , you got that , and you got the blood . So where 's that cool building ?|Is your dad able to join us ? He 's able but unwilling .
It is quiet in this garden of yours . But out there , there is war . Then behave like a soldier . You must be disciplined and learn to follow your leaders .|You forget , I 'm a leader too now .
You forget , I 'm a leader too now .|You have the arrogance to come and tell me , after 53 years of service to the National Party , pack your bags and go and sit in the wilderness ? What you fail to grasp is that economics and politics cannot be separated . How long do you expect this to carry on ? Two , three years ? We are being strangled by these sanctions and if the strikes on the violence continues , there will be a full scale bloody revolution .
Carlo , we gotta talk . Talk ? No thanks . Five minutes . I thought you said you just wanted to talk .|All that time you spend in front of the mirror , I know you 've noticed this .
Oliver .|MALE NEWSCASTER :  The wall was crumbling . The sledgehammers in the hands of men not born when it went up . Then , just before 10 o 'clock , the moment Berliners had waited 28 years for . CROWD : 
There . There in Scorpio . I 've seen that before .|It 's the Lagoon nebula .
MALE NEWSREADER :  The symbol of the communist iron curtain has fallen . We are witnessing a lifetime moment in history . The cold war is over .|This symbolic breach in the structure that separated millions and claimed hundreds of lives . West German riot police stop the crowds surging into communist soil . But , by then , they 'd made their point . NELSON : Dear President de Klerk , in this time of great change around the world , it is my sincere wish that you and I may open a new dialogue concerning the future of South Africa .
This symbolic breach in the structure that separated millions and claimed hundreds of lives . West German riot police stop the crowds surging into communist soil . But , by then , they 'd made their point . NELSON : Dear President de Klerk , in this time of great change around the world , it is my sincere wish that you and I may open a new dialogue concerning the future of South Africa .|You must give up this idea of group 's rights and separate homelands . It makes it look like you are trying to reform apartheid , to make it acceptable instead of abandoning it all together . But we have to deal with white fears of black domination . Then we have to change their thinking . The idea of different groups of people that is the cornerstone of apartheid . We want everyone in this country to think of themselves and everyone around them as South Africans . Not as part of such and such a group . I 'm a pragmatist , Mr. Mandela . We have to move towards a workable solution . For too long , you and the ANC have been seen as the problem , instead of part of the solution to the problem . President de Klerk , I believe that you are a man we can do business with . But it is pointless to continue to talk about releasing me . If the ANC 's conditions are not met , they have not changed . Release political prisoners , unban our organizations , allow the exiles to return home and lift this state of emergency .
It 's just , I don 't want our baby born in this cell , Their child ? I told you a child would arrive . Told you it would be born right here in this room .|How could you ever doubt me ?
I saw Carlo today . How is he , don of Queens Village ? He can 't believe I only wanna be with you .|Neither can I. Well , it 's true .
Jeff left Carlo for me . Who would 've thought ? Carlo getting dumped , that must 've been new to him . Brand new . You think he was dangerous ? I think he purposely infected hundreds of men in the city .|That 's murder , isn 't it ?
She is there . Ah , I see .|Are you having a good time ?
That we 've established .|Yes .
And who ... or what ... are you ... exactly ?|I 'm an angel of God sent here to protect you . To guide you , to love you .
I 'm an angel of God sent here to protect you . To guide you , to love you .|To what end ?
 c 'mon , you know you want it .  you don 't know what I want . Oh , yes I do . Come on , just the tip . I don 't know . It 's pretty big . I think it 's just a standard breakfast burrito size . Here . First take a bite of mine . No , first you take a bite of mine . Let 's do it together . Is that crazy ? Oh , my god , okay . Mmm . Ooh ! Mmmh .| oh , my god . Men 's room ? Broom closet . It 's dirtier . No . Bring the burrito . Oh , my god !
Terrence Overton , President of Eastline Bank . Christopher Duncan , Chief of Staff to Councilman Bias . Bias , he 's right of the two of the hum . Don 't ask , don 't tell . Just hide it in the log cabin . Chief of Emergency Medicine at Penn General . Russell Bennett . Who 's that ?|Russ . It 's Artie 's fiance .
You were at Jeff 's party the week before he was murdered . Yes . This is unbelievable . Lotta people in that room had motive to kill Jeff . Not me . I 've been out since I was 16 . How could you not tell me this ? It 's a time of my life I 'm embarrassed about . I was a drunk and an addict who dated older men . I was there with one . He have a lot to lose by being outed ? Only everything . Who are we talking about , Russ ?|You better tell them . You better tell them every detail . I will .
Lazy , lazy , fatty fatty gaijin ! Whee !|I mean , how do you not murder her every day ?  I do . No , please , I feel like the asshole . I mean , look at you . I literally cannot believe I 'm asking you to go .  but you must . Yeah . I 've seen her crush a cue ball . Oh , I forgot something in bathroom . I 'll mail it to you . But you got to go now ! She 'll be here any second . Whoo ! Suck it , you ... Dick stairs .
Black lives are cheap . I do not think that .|President de Klerk , I have called you a man of integrity as we try to move forward . I so want to believe that you are .
How long are you going for , this time ?|You are leaving me ?
Lovely family . They 're ok . Powerful , too . I 've never met your father , but I see his name everywhere on hospitals , libraries . He 's a major donor in Philadelphia . I know all that . You had some people here tonight who could bring his empire crashing down . Now you 're the one threatening . I 'm just saying . Even a picture of Kern 's family has dirty secrets . I grew up here . I know hard ball .|You don 't want to play it with me .
The kids !  What ? ! Mr. Branca , there must be some mistake .|Wait . Did Tina and Tammy give up their bracelets to secure your sleeves ? Did you ... collaborate on fashion and build a bridge to friendship and understanding ? We sure did , Mr. Frond . Let it go , Tammy ! No ! Never ! Never ! Never ! I 'll take your arm off with it if I have to ! Maybe I did rehabilitate you kids after all . Yeah , maybe .
Dita !|A gentleman wanted to see you .
An interesting house . Only girls living here . It 's son of an orphanage .|Actually it 's an orphanage .
Jeff Kern was lucky he lived through the night of that party . Highball We heard about the threats especially from you . I just warned him . You hurt me , I 'll hurt you . Like maybe with a rock to the face ? That wasn 't necessary . Why is that ? Between my friend at the Eastline Bank and I , we had plenty of dirt on the magnificent Kern family . And that made Jeff back off ? Cuz he doesn 't seem to be the backing off type . Who knows what he would have done ? Maybe he died before he knew himself . Or mayb he died so he couldn 't put out that press release . Maybe .|But I fight with words , not rocks . For what it 's worth , I never believed that Jeff died at the hands of a gay man . Beating him with rock , I 'd look for a heterosexual . Got one in particular ?
Maintained by the Jewish community . When the war had already started your uncle still practiced dentistry .|He left some gold foil with me , to keep for him ... till the end of the war . Unfortunately . I found only you . This is my last commitment dating from that time .
He was the young leader that we all prayed for . He was like a son to me . Me too . And our future .|You did well , Madiba . The entire nation was calmed by your words . We need a date for the election . A real date set in stone . There is still a chance . We have to divert a crisis . It could cripple our country for years to come . We still have a chance . We will have an election with or without those who are against it . We will frustrate the objective of the people who killed Chris . We will have an election .
I 'm sorry . Take your hand off me . Kenny got sick because of people like you . Excuse me ? He 's innocent . He should be helped before your friend . I 'd like to help everyone .|He 's eight . Please .
All those years ago in prison I had a conversation with you in my head .|Then , I was lucky enough to talk to you again in person .
I don 't know if I can help Artie . Damn you .|What happened ? Jeff walked away . Now , how did this guy think that Jeff could help his son ? I don 't know . But he knew where to find Jeff . And I know hate when I see it .
A quarter of a kilogram of 22 carat gold . You can deposit it at a bank or exchange it at a jewelers .|Here is your half share .
Here is your half share .|I think we can dispense with the written formalities .
We have an interim constitution and an election date . 27th April , 1994 .| It 's what the three of us always wanted .
No , no thank you .|I 'm , I 'm a bit pushed for time .
Well , he was always my favorite .|They both are .
Let 's just take her in .|I 'm not turning her over to the police until I find out what I want to know . The police ? Do you truly believe that 's where I will end up ? Tell me about my father and the Hand . Why are you asking about events that happened 15 years ago when you have more pressing concerns ? Tell me what I want to know .
Danny ? She 's with the Hand .|I 'm fine . I know what I 'm doing . Do you ? Because it looks like we 're on the fast track to waterboarding here . I need to know . Why ? It won 't change the way you feel about him . You know she was responsible for your parents ' death . Isn 't that enough ? Nothing she says will make you feel better about that . Let 's just be done with this .
Goodbye .|Goodbye .
Why didn 't you tell anyone ? I didn 't believe in outing .|And then death outed us all .
What are you doing ? Telling you a story . Then we want you to tell us a story . Sorry , you 're losing me . He was lost and is found . The prodigal son .|Wendy , get Ben Keltman on the phone .
And now I can 't find Ward . He has totally disappeared .|I 'm ... I 'm worried about him . Any idea where he might be ? we 're ... we 're not exactly good right now .
Goodbye .|What can I do for you ?
Give a dog a bone . This old man came ...|Oh !
Shall we try another one ?|I 'll take this one .
Here are my papers .|Excuse me . I 'll have to consult somebody .
I 'm not above shoving a sweaty sock in your mouth to shut you up .|I know the burden you carry .
Last ... warning . Your grandfather was right to train you the way he did .|You didn 't know my grandfather .
One moment . I 'll polish the bracelet too .|You know ... This is the very first time .
That 's him there . He plays drums . Is he gonna be on bandstand ? Does he know Perry Como ? I don 't think so , but ... he jammed with Louis Armstrong once .|Mr. Garvey , if Norman doesn 't want to be his study buddy , I will . No way ! You didn 't raise your hand . Neither did you , fatso . Now , now , there 's plenty of time for everyone to get to know Robert .
Next please !|I 've got something in here . Nobody knows what it is .
I 've got something in here . Nobody knows what it is .|Like it 's locked in a tin of sardines . Let 's have a look .
Danny Rand belongs to someone else . He will never be yours .|Your path leads in a different direction .
Turn round .|You look like a cricket , woman . Nothing above and nothing below ... Cover up , Queen .
Harold Meachum .|Yeah .
I 'm sure .|Cold Case 2x08 Red Glare
Wendell Rand . uh ...|This is my son 's office .
This is my son 's office .|Ward .
Frank Robbins ?|Who the hell is Frank Robbins ?
Who the hell is Frank Robbins ?|Joy .
Joy .|Where is everyone ? What happened ?
Babylonian ? And what does that mean exactly ?|Brown towers of wood and terracotta .
Where is everyone ? What happened ?|I need to go home . sir .
I need to go home . sir .|I 'd really been quite worried . Especially after Ward and Joy lost the company . You never went this long without contacting me before .
Professor Munk is worried about you .|You don 't excel exactly .
So , is there any way I ...|Looking for Renaldo Copely . We buried dad in January . Something I can do for you ?
Looking into an old murder , 1953 . Think your dad knew the guy . '53 ? You 're kidding . Victim 's name was Elliot Garvey . Got pinched here in a drug raid . You remember anything like that ? There were a lot of raids back then . None of them legit . All these arrests on your dad 's sheet , any of them legit ? He was an activist . Got locked up every other week . Activist ... Little thing called civil rights ? Your dead guy was probably here for a meeting . Don 't suppose you remember him .|Didn 't see a lot of white folks back then . Ones I did ... made an impression .
Close game .|It 's those aluminum bats . When I came up , they were all wood . Had to work for an RBI . That 's kind of what we want to talk to you about , Dean . When you came up . We 're looking into your father 's death . I don 't like to talk about that .
I 've destroyed everything that ever mattered to me . I 'm sorry . I never meant it . forgive me . I love you . I love you so much . don 't you ?|I don 't know that . and I love you . and I came back again .
I can 't believe you 're gonna meet Mr. Eisenhower . All I ask is you get a photo of you shaking his hand . Elliot Garvey ?|That 's right . Federal bureau of investigation .
It 's all right .|The flu ... maybe . Her heartbeat 's a little elevated . I 'm fine .
The flu ... maybe . Her heartbeat 's a little elevated . I 'm fine .|China and back . I caught something . It 's no big deal .
You always make me smile .|If one didn 't know your family tree , they 'd think you were a noble .
Hey , your sister still in town ? How 'd you know she 's my sister ? I talked to her .|I don 't recommend that too much .
You 've got something scarier than a dragon in a cave ? I do .|Tie her arm off .
She introduced me to him .|I set it up for months . She was easy to manipulate .
I don 't want any part of Rand ... or any of this insanity .|I want my own life away from you .
Like the girl waiting so long for the international express that she ended up missing even the local train .|Be careful what you do , alright ? Sometimes I envy you . A smile as nice as yours and the whole world at your feet .
Be careful what you do , alright ? Sometimes I envy you . A smile as nice as yours and the whole world at your feet .|You could be The Queen of England , if you tried hard enough .
I tried to make Howie forget about his father . I remarried . Thought we could be a family again . He didn 't forget . It was such a ... painful time . I never wanted Howard to have to know . That his dad was a communist ? Elliot wasn 't a communist . Well , the feds came after him . Yes , because he went to some school integration meetings . That 's it ? That 's all it took in those days .|Things took a steep dive after that .
Here , let me take that . I went overboard and bought prime rib . Don 't be sore .|What is it ?
Jenkins suspended me . Whatever for ? He heard about the subpoena . They can 't do that to you . But it 's done .|There 's a stop on my next paycheck .
Won 't you sit down ?|Sit down .
Sit down .|Is this the latest Bulletin ? I think so . Liza Wagner subscribes to it . Or rather her lawyer , Mr. Gottlob .
Well ... it 's ridiculous .|It 's all a misunderstanding .
I hope she 'll be more forgiving .|You can 't bring Joy into this . I don 't have any other option . She 's my only daughter . the Hand will kill her . I 've been working on something that 's going to put an end to all that .
What are you doing ?|We don 't need prime rib .
But it wasn 't . Each time he came back ...|He was worse . he took two of his own children ... and roasted them on a fire . she fled with her only remaining child in her arms .
In fact , most of these things , we can do without . He says it 's just temporary .|I 'm sure it 'll all be fine .
And this here . English golf clubs refuse membership to our people .|Just spit . Don 't paste it on .
I 'm sure it 'll all be fine .|It wasn 't fine . I take it he didn 't get his job back . It was the beginning of the end . Neighbors started to shun us . The market wouldn 't sell to us . How 'd Elliot handle it ? He got quiet . Kept everything inside . Well , you must 've talked about it . Not really . The wall went up between us . That was that . Anyone he might 've opened up to ?
Where do we meet ? At St. Wenceslas tail ?|Say the word . I have two tickets . I 'm not for heavy duty , OK .
You missed the sign on the way in .|No parking on the grass , no hooch on the field , and no reds in the bleachers . That 's bunk , Wade . Let me put it simple .
One day I 'll have everything .|A flat , a car ...
I 've been where you 're going .|It 's not so bad .
So I 'm damned if I do and damned if I don 't .|That 's how he works .
How are you still alive ?|You were in a casket .
Experience is the best teacher .|Crucifix !
You were in a casket .|I know .
No skepticism ladies .|You 'll find my Chanukah under your pillow
What ?|Where did you get it from ?
Where did you get it from ?|A true lady would never ask .
A true lady would never ask .|Gold . How beautiful .
Let me see , Howie .|Two ... three ... and exhale .
Two ... three ... and exhale .|This last one is shavasana , or corpse pose .
It 's an heirloom . Even if it wasn 't the laundry , or an ancestral home , every little counts .|18 and one night counts for something too .
Yes .|And do you sense her life force ? They should feel different . Yes .
And do you sense her life force ? They should feel different . Yes .|Use your chi to burn the poison away .
I want to do right .|So what is that ? To me , it 's saying no . No one knows what the future is , but I think the world will look back at McCarthy as a disgrace . That 's hard to believe . If you 're asking for permission to name me , I can 't give it to you .
I 'm going with you . you 're not allowed .|Claire .
Ryan ?|Perfect .
There is .|I knew at the meeting that night , what you said , so genuine ... Reina ...
It 's me !|Roman . Jesus .
Mother was sent to the wrong side .|I wanted her to stay alive .
Do you know where Ryan is ? He 's getting in on the 10 : 30 ferry . Wants you to pick him up .|He called . I guess you were busy .
Cute cats .|Kind of tweaked , but ... What are you doing here ?
Sometimes I 'm frightened ... I 'll die .|Don 't be silly !
Lil ... it was nine years ago .|Can we get over this ?
It won 't happen . Remember Dr. Fitz , is taking special care of you .|Then I won 't ...
Believe it or not , lam still as I left Mum .|Where are all the stars tonight ?
You haven 't listened to a word I 've said , have you ? Yeah , five guys , Miranda 's insanely jealous . What 's in the pocket ?|Open it .
If the stars don 't waken I 'll soon be taken|And be forever gone
Oh , my god !|Dean ? Dean , stop .
He made me promise . Sneak . You do everything your big brother tells you ? Yeah , right . If I listened to him , I wouldn 't be such a fuckup , and you two never would 've met . Can 't fault you on that one .|All right .
All right .|I 'm gonna get out of your hair . RYAN : No , no , no rush . I gotta go change anyway .
We don 't understand all this yet .|But we have come to believe it is a great thing to forbid hopelessness .
Even if it 's absurd .|Always reflect before you act .
I only have a few years left . Then you can decide right now how you 're gonna live them .|It wasn 't just Elliot that died that day . A whole family died , too . You want to be a man of action ? This is your last chance .
So terrible .|It 's too bad that Elliot didn 't make it tonight . He has a lot on his mind . Naturally .
I 'd like to speak with you tomorrow .|I 'll be glad to .
No .|You know I promised Ryan .
You know I promised Ryan .|Is that paper ?
No , I just can 't ... |Things get too busy on the couch to call ? I was doing something for my brother . Oh , yeah ? Am I ever gonna meet this brother of yours ? That 's not likely .
Things get too busy on the couch to call ? I was doing something for my brother . Oh , yeah ? Am I ever gonna meet this brother of yours ? That 's not likely .|Thornton Wilder wrote , " There 's a land of the living , " " and a land of the dead and the bridge is love , " " the only survival , and the only meaning . " My mom would 've loved you . Well , of course . You said she had good taste .
Come on .|I 'll walk you home . In case they come back .
I 'll walk you home . In case they come back .|They 're not coming back . Well , can 't be too careful .
That 's not an issue . Come on .|I don 't know if I 'm ready .
So what was it like in prison ?|Sex isn 't all it 's cracked up to be .
And today ?|Today I know one thing .
Why tell me this . I know what I want .|You won 't get anywhere if you have no ... push .
If I 'm not back in 60 seconds , Tom , call the police .|Glad I ain 't on the receiving end of that .
I always say my wife is like a force of nature . except with most forces of nature , folks usually get a warning so they can take shelter .|Behave yourself with that . Come on , now . Derek in trouble ? Della 's breaking it up .
I can 't keep up with you .|Dad never had another woman .
You mind ?|So how did he stay so good with you on the needle ?
JESS : I can 't do this for another 18 months . We need to get him into a halfway house .|RYAN : All right . As soon as we find a place , he 's out of here .
I do .|Don 't you ? Three men are courting me now . David Egon , Fici and Herbert Lagus .
You don 't wanna mess with me . You got to ten to make your ass disappear .|One . Two . Three . We 'll see you later .
One . Two . Three . We 'll see you later .|Let 's roll .
Anything happens , you 'll let me know ? Either way ? Of course .|You 're sweet .
Is that right or wrong ?|Today I 'm both happy and unhappy . I don 't know why .
DR. RAJAN : Mrs. Bryson ?|Can we speak for a moment ?
Don 't sneer at me .|I have no one to protect me .
I couldn 't really tell . I know what I saw .|You 're wrong . This kind of problem doesn 't go away by itself . There is no problem .
We understand the night of the murders , you and Della were arguing .|No , I don 't think so . Della 's daughter says it was over some problem you were having . Probably it was just some misunderstanding about my schedule .
No , I don 't think so . Della 's daughter says it was over some problem you were having . Probably it was just some misunderstanding about my schedule .|This is Jammal . They 're asking about Della and Tom .
People shouldn 't get messed up in other people 's relationships .|I don 't know .
DR. RAJAN : Any problems with your vision ? No .|Your hearing ?
Depending on what it is .|Where d 'you get that bracelet ? I wanted to show that I wasn 't poor .
Did you lose something ?|Where 'd you get that ? Tom found them in the trash .
And you won 't be able to say that you saw me with nothing on .|No one has ever caressed me like you , David .
Jess .|I don 't know what this is . What happened ?
Frank , do you remember a fight between Della and Tyra ?|Della caught her putting on makeup .
Della caught her putting on makeup .|What do you mean ? Her boyfriend hit her and Tyra was trying to cover up the bruise .
Please . Mr. Bryson , please . I 'm sorry ...|Jess , it 's me .
NURSE : He 's still in shock . The Haloperidol should keep his delusions to a minimum . But he 's been awake in a strange environment for three weeks . What he really needs right now is the familiarity of his own home .|His home ?
How did you know I wanted to ' ?|It 's hot in here .
Three in there .|Don 't leave till you talk to the detective on this job . That ain 't you ?
It couldn 't be more beautiful even as a reminiscence .|How terrible that everyone should immediately think , about how he 'd remember his action , in one or in a hundred years .
Not anymore . Ask for detective Vera .|Friend in there ? Yeah . I 'm sorry .
People are awfully sentimental .|I wonder why ' ?
You saying you took your own boy out ?|Maybe you can be my soldier .
Jess . No . Don 't .|Don 't say my name like that .
Of course you are .|Everywhere ? Absolutely . I 'm glad you 've said it .
What do you want from me ?|I 'm scared .
I don 't know what 's happening and ... Come with me .|This is your bed , okay ? These are your things . This is your life , and I am not part of it . Jess , please listen . No , don 't touch me .
Well , I have .|Why did you ask ? I 've never been sure . Perhaps it 's because we were always told , about our Jewish or Slavic inferiority . Perhaps we really are . Maybe it was there before , but they drummed it into us and confirmed it .
Why did you ask ? I 've never been sure . Perhaps it 's because we were always told , about our Jewish or Slavic inferiority . Perhaps we really are . Maybe it was there before , but they drummed it into us and confirmed it .|Have you always felt sure in this respect ?
Say , I got some kind of bench warrant or something ? Yeah ... This isn 't really about the warrant .|It 's about Jammal .
Yes .|Or rather ... I don 't know .
It 's about Jammal .|What about him ? I know he hits you , Tyra . No , he don 't .
He 's not really himself yet .|No shit .
What is " Now " should always be the best .|I 'm glad ... that you told me
It 's nothing . Tyra , you know you deserve someone who treats you right . Too bad you ain 't five years older . Hey , I 'm old enough to know a good thing when I see it . Hey , my mama didn 't raise no fool , now .|It 's about time you smiled .
It seems so important .|There is more in you than I can understand .
I was longing for a few such hours .|You know , just hours . Just to make life worth living .
You know , just hours . Just to make life worth living .|I 'm glad it was you , David .
You kind of snapped out in court the other day . I kind of got made a fool of . We got new direction on the job , might bring it back to you . Really ? Will Vera testify again ? Kite .|So what 's the new angle ? Looks like a jealous boyfriend had it out for the kid who worked there . It 's always love isn 't it . Or money .
A Frenchman once said , that to love means to understand .|To rate the word " We " higher than the word " I " .
So , how are you anyway ? Great . Thanks . Or good , at least . You regret it ? No . Me neither .|You been to first Thursdays lately ? Not lately , no .
You been to first Thursdays lately ? Not lately , no .|Bye , Kite .
Bye , Kite .|I barely knew that kid . All you needed to know was he was touching the merchandise .
I had the perfect life , and it just didn 't matter how many people told me , I took it for granted .|Thought he 'd always be there . Jess ...
Dita !|We can carry on if you want .
We can carry on if you want .|Goodnight .
Thought he 'd always be there . Jess ...|He 's not gone .
I have something for you .|I fixed it .
I don 't know who killed Derek and them . Help me figure out who did . You two always went home together . Why not that night ?|Because Derek wasn 't going home .
Uncle Solly has everything ready , Dita .|We can join him whenever you want .
I want you to go back to the day of the accident .|Where are you ?
It 's a large estate . A house , lots of land . People you can count on .|My family doesn 't believe in Europe .
Are you okay ? Yeah , I 'm fine . I 'd take some blows for her , too . Tre ?|Tre jackson ? Oh , son . I stopped him from beating on you . How many times you tell me you were cleaning yourself up ? He promised . It breaks my heart to see you like this . But if you can 't look after Derek , it 's best if I do . Tell her how I look out for you . You get yourself together . You come back .
Tomorrow .|Woke up the next day ... everything was different . Right .
I jumped into a pontoon .|As my burning eyes looked down into the sea , I saw only the blue and yellow reflections of fire and the sky .
Lil , um ...|Tre told us he saw Derek early that night , but , uh , he didn 't mention this bottle incident later on .
Then I must have passed out .|Allow me ' ! May I ?
Go back , go back .|Where are you now ?
I want to work for the Institute of the International Blue White . For this I need another semester .|Unfortunately . What do you mean ?
Sorry .|This is another case . What can I say . Did you hear about Varnsdorf where a crowd cried down a court order for the confiscation , of a private firm .
The country could have been a bridge , know what I mean . I know what a bridge is . And also what it is to be in a cleft stick ... Just one .|' ( mire good manned gm .
Why 'd you come back here ? I need ten bucks . You heard Della . You can 't keep coming here wasted , man ! It 's for food , man . Look , I 'm hungry .|Fine . Come on . You can have some chicken . But be quiet . Tom and Della are in the back .
Will you do what you told her you 'd do ?|Don 't trust someone who doesn 't deserve it . Everyone knows it . Only you are blind and deaf . I went to the Community under a pretext .
Gentlemen , where do you think you are ?|This is what the country will come down to ! We fought too , but not like gangsters . All legal maxims are gone !
No . You 're not gonna shoot me . I 'm your brother !|I love you . I mean it , Derek ! I 'm getting you some help .
I 'd be glad to be your friend .|Even after I marry .
Jess !|Take care of Ryan on his journey . Amen .
You and Ryan have something spectacular , a connection most people will never know .|Who are we to place limits on what that can accomplish ?
Jess , you know Ryan better than anyone .|I think you 're asking a question only you can answer .
In his Sunday togs . Mr. Traubmann will show you his generosity . He did .|God . To wake up in the morning and see a bald head !
Take a look , Nelson . I planted our own victory garden . Swell .|Alice .
You 're very skeptical of my taste .|Gentlemen !
Gentlemen !|When I found myself lost on the French coast , I never thought that my life would lead me to a station called marriage .
Well , Alice did come to me one day . I say it 's rotten we girls getting the lowest wages . Why don 't you write to Mrs. Roosevelt about it ? She likes to meddle into unpopular causes . Excuse me , Dottie . You should be on a poster with that perfect wave . Am I intruding ?|I 'll leave you girls .
Where are we going ?|You don 't remember this place ?
We 're missing boxes of rivets . Every third day , we 're short one . You must be counting wrong . No , I 'm sure of it . I thought I 'd tell Mr. Walker . I wouldn 't . Someone 's stealing materials like that , it 's awfully unpatriotic . Alice , listen to me , now . Don 't mention it to Mr. Walker .|It sounds like something the boss would want to know . Unless he was the one lifting the boxes ? Mr. Walker wasn 't a saint . What can you remember from the night Alice died , Dottie ? Big even tlike that probably stayed in your mind pretty good .
It sounds like something the boss would want to know . Unless he was the one lifting the boxes ? Mr. Walker wasn 't a saint . What can you remember from the night Alice died , Dottie ? Big even tlike that probably stayed in your mind pretty good .|I do recall that Mr.Walker disappeared for quite a while that night . And ... that was unusual . Were you there when he found Alice , the next day ? No . We worked the night shift that evening . He shouldn 't have been there in the morning .
I do recall that Mr.Walker disappeared for quite a while that night . And ... that was unusual . Were you there when he found Alice , the next day ? No . We worked the night shift that evening . He shouldn 't have been there in the morning .|My dad worked his tail off for Brill . If he was there that morning , it 's cuz he stayed all night doing the books . He do that a lot ? Pull all nighters ? Whatever it took . What about drinking on the job ? Was that a regular thing ? He was a drunk his whole life . Died of liver failure . How about Alice Miller ? Heard she and your dad were getting along . Look , fellars .
I know you want to . Come on .|She doesn 't even like you . You scare her . You don 't have a chance .
She doesn 't even like you . You scare her . You don 't have a chance .|I 'm not buying it , Roman . I know who you are .
Alice shouldn 't have brought that up to him . So she did confront him with it .|Want to go to the show today ? There 's something new on . Yeah , what ? Think it 's called Casablanca . Take a girl your own age , someone from school . Oh , they 're all bunch of dumb klutz . Inventory . 14 propellars , assembled , geared , and inspected . 16 for me , dad . Keep ' em coming .
There 's someone named Ivan .|Who 's Ivan ? Alice had secrets . No guesses on what that all meant ? All 's I know is she thanked him for his help . And said she hoped to heaven her husband didn 't find out .
You can 't get away from it .|It isn 't far from here .
These cover the early forties .|Maybe she wrote about Ivan .
Old stag with soda , Bruno . You drinking ? I have to get home . For what ? Not the husband or kids . Dr. IQ on the radio ?|Maybe I will have a drink .
Two on the house .|Lonesome , ain 't it ?
I 'll be all right .|DR. RAJAN : He had a seizure . We were able to stabilize him almost immediately , but now his involuntary body functions are weakening .
What did you do ? They say I shot my husband . And I did , too .|But I had a reason .
I 'll send you a pretty bra . White or blue ?|For a " mature " girl .
It may be some imaginary fondness , Hubert . You don 't love me so much as you think . Many men imagine they love me .|Are you really irresistibly attracted to me ' ?
His heart is still beating , but if his condition deteriorates , there 's no way of knowing how he would react to another episode like this .|ROMAN : He 's suffering . JESS : That used to be you in there .
ROMAN : He 's suffering . JESS : That used to be you in there .|Maybe in some way , it still is .
I have a right to declare : If we get up now and run forwards missing one another , we 'd have to go round the globe , to meet again . But in the meantime , this place would have changed hands , Where they once shouted : Welcome victors , They 'd now say : Sorry , full up .|Or like your Mr. Munk : Death to your class !
Thought you didn 't know who Ivan was , Nelson . You forget he was your wife 's cousin ? No .|Then what ?
Leave it here .|All this is nonsense , child . At the worst , the law will become the law of the jungle . Still , in the jungle there 's some sort of order . Strong , weak , satiety and hunger ...
All this is nonsense , child . At the worst , the law will become the law of the jungle . Still , in the jungle there 's some sort of order . Strong , weak , satiety and hunger ...|I 'd be glad if we had a jungle law .
I 'd be glad if we had a jungle law .|All this seems to assume remorse .
Anyone can change .|Anyone can change ?
Darling , the best healer of remorse ... is time .|Well ... Mr. Huppert has told you nothing ?
I have done all that was needed for your registration . It 's done . You can count on it . Thank you very much Mr. Gottlob .|Didn 't Mr. Huppert tell you I 'd arranged it already ?
Didn 't Mr. Huppert tell you I 'd arranged it already ?|No .
He ? She .|I don 't know . Doesn 't matter .
Me , too . I love you . I love you , too . I 'll see you at home . Okay .|Congratulations . Everything seems just fine .
I 'd like to get something in return .|To your tender beauty ...
Congratulations . Everything seems just fine .|Thank you . Well , I 'm not sure I 'm the one to thank .
Now tell me something about yourself .|I 'm interested in antiques .
This Richard who owned the dance hall had a colorful career . He was a horse bookie , graftman , and proprietor of house of assignation . A house of what ? That 's polite for whore house . I 'm calling it a night , guys .|Crap , I gotta get home .
We didn 't go walking .|We went driving .
So , why are you trying to make money ? To help someone . Who ?|It 's complicated . Never mind about it . You and your secrets . Well , I got a secret , too . What 's that ? My dad has an account for me . For when I go to college . Yeah ? Wants me to take it and run away . Wait out the war . He doesn 't wanna lose a third son . Yeah , but no amount of money 's gonna make me run . I want to serve . Soon as I turn 18 , do like my brothers did .
That and nothing more . Nothing before and nothing after . But that doesn 't make it worthless . Nothing after .|The delight we have will never be taken from us .
Yeah ? Well , let 's dance . No , I 'm sure I 'm drunk .|I really am . One hundred percent drunk .
If you had nothing on , but this beautiful bracelet , I 'd be able to confirm that your figure is wonderful .|Everywhere ! Absolutely !
I couldn 't .|I know I 'm just a kid to you . Buddy , you 're a swell kind of guy and you 're gonna find a girl who 's just right for you . Will you wait for me ? I can 't . I ain 't scared of dying . Don 't say that . But I am scared of going never having kissed you .
We 've been your letters , Dottie . I don 't know what you mean . War time correspondence .|Dear Nelson , how empty the neighborhood feels with you gone . He gave you that ? I hear the radio reports every night and think of my brave soldier fight in the axis . Now , why are you calling someone else 's husband my soldier ? Are you accusing me of having an affair with Nelson ? No . We ain 't .
Even after you kindly arranged that journey .|Worse than a whore .
Ms. Bryson ?|Not for a while .
Sometimes I wish , that there was some hereafter . But one that was not at all like , life down here .|Dita ...
Dita ...|I 'm not going , Herbert .
Plus having my own paycheck . I give you your allowance . It just feels different when you earned it yourself . Well , I work because I 'm a single gal . If I were married , I 'd be more than content to just keep house , do the washing , bake pies .|I made some nice friends at the factory , too . Yeah , I heard about your friends , in particular a young teenage friend .
More pie ?|But he didn 't go for it , huh ? No .
Fixed up for Switzerland yet ?|I 'm not going .
Hi , baby .|Hey , what do you think of Victor ?
A secretary doesn 't tell secrets . Plus , all those feelings you had for him . Nelson just wanted the wife that he had before he went away . That war changed everybody .|So , news on Alice ?
RYAN : It 's your mother 's old silver chain . The circus in Kentucky ? These are my memories . MIRANDA : He 's lying to you . Remember when we went to Pastis , and the waiter spilled a bottle of Barolo all over my white shirt ? Memories . Memories . Memories .|There was an old couple in the park and ... And when I looked at them , I could only think one thing .
I 'm sorry .|No , you ... You just scared me .
Well , you 're good at it .|I 've been reading Alice 's diaries . Told you she could write .
No , you ... You just scared me .|Are you okay ?
He is moving to America .|People always try to solve something that puzzles them , by moving on to something else .
The factory owner saw something , didn 't he ?|How 'd you keep him quiet ? I gave him my war bonds .
It 's a funny thing , isn 't it ?|Love ?
Nelson , let me go .|I 'll let you go .
Help a girl get home , papi ? See my bag got stolen and I need some bread to get on the bus . You got some change to spare for a bus ticket ? You know , get myself home ?|Man , you gotta be jiving me . Go on , get out of the way , baby girl ! Let Marquette do her thing !
Can 't say I blame him .|We are so lucky .
AV confirmed the year is 1979 off a piece of film leader . Waiting on what month . You remember this Jane doe from ' 79 , boss ? Garbage bag full of rose petals , sure . Job went cold day one . No id , no body , nothing .|Maybe now we got a name .
Like it ?|What do you think ?
You are very beautiful .|Life is not what we want ...
But what we have .|Don 't you like our country ?
No , you lied to me . How sick are you ? You took advantage of me while my husband was dying . No . The only way that I could even stand to be in the same room with you was when you were someone else . First Casey , now you .|Why do you do this ? Why do you all do this ? Why do you turn on me like this ? What ? What did you do ? I love you . I did it all for you .
I didn 't want to leave it as the others did .|To betray something and regret it later .
For free .|We were dumb kids . A few months from graduating high school , putting our mark on the world . Aiming for the stars . We did John 's stupid movie and then we left . She was alive . You recall where her place was ? Gray 's ferry . Dickinson street . Good memory there . Bad one . That night . How so ? See , John was always crazy . And that night , I mean ... he just went out of control .
John !|What , don 't you get it ? Come on , man . The best movie ever made ! Tao tao mao ! Tao tao mao !
Return to the Sudetengau .|This is absolutely the end of civilization for that poor little country beyond the Ore Mountains . We need money and unity . Not to have the Americans attack us from behind as after the first war . The glove has been flung and we should take it up .
Get out of here ! Go ! Get out of here ! Let 's go .|We went home , and that was it . I never saw that girl again .
Here ... Take your pills ...|Then we 'll get you into bed .
He 's lying .|God .
Ava , where are you ?|Ava ?
What was this boyfriend 's name ? Edwin ... Eduardo . I seen Daniella bring in mail for him from time to time .|She end up giving him the boot ? No . Heard him back here the very next weekend . You ever try for a piece of her latin ass ? Make up for that rent she couldn 't pay ? You can 't blame me for trying . She was something .
That 's his closet , right ?|Wait ten minutes , he should be here .
Let 's see . Tell me more about this file ... That 's why I brought up The Czech Republic . They smoke in the street and it 's no big deal . I 'm sure that soon , the law will change here too . Cristi , there won 't be any change in the law . Nowhere in Europe are you arrested for smoking ajoint . Cristi , listen to this old guy . Maybe attitudes will change a bit , but the law won 't . Anything else ? I don 't wanna put him in jail then meet him 7 years later ... He 's out in 3 and a half . Or less . His father 's an accountant , he 's well off ... I don 't want to ruin somebody 's life for a law that will change soon . Cristi , don 't be obstinate . Enough nonsense about this law .|You 're getting hung up on the law ...
No , I just can 't help you You 're all alone|You 're on your own
Move when you got the ball ! Nobody 's moving down there .|Know where your teammates are !
Know where your teammates are !|All right , hold up . Hold it up . New ball . We are going to play with this ball .
I 'm sorry about last night .|Okay .
" Pursuit report no . 7 Today I began the pursuit of the aforementioned Victor Pascu at 7 : 40 , when he left his residence at 23 Toamnei St and went towards Bacovia High School , along the route described in the previous reports . On the way , the suspect met nobody did not use his mobile phone and smoked a single cigarette , which I checked but which was not of relevance to this case . I resumed tailing at 10 : 50 in the yard of nursery 14 . Victor Pascu , Alex Iancu and the girl previously described smoked a cigarette , remains of which were positive when tested for THC . However : 1 . I have not determined the source of the drugs ; 2 . Alex Iancu , the informant , appears insincere , stating that the drugs are used only by him and Victor Pascu ; 3 . Pascu has a stable family background and his deeds do not appear to suggest he represents a danger to society ; At 2 : 00 I went back on Alex Iancu at Bacovia High . He went via Bacovia , Muresan , Feroviari , Piata Veche , Filature and Ion Barbu streets . He entered the yard of house n 12 . In front of the house there was a Seat Ibiza , registration 06 AIC . I checked it , it belonged to the company SC . AIAN Constructii SRL , owned by Aurel Iancu . At 3 : 05 appeared the girl with whom Iancu and Pascu have used hashish . After calling on the intercom , she entered the yard . She had changed her clothes since 10 : 50 . The young woman left Alex Iancu 's residence at 4 : 25 . I followed her through Ion Barbu , Filature , Ioanisei , Feroviari and Pacii streets , and she entered in building n 32 . I ascertained that she entered apartment 12 of entrance B on which was written " Paraschiv family " . I ended the pursuit at 4 : 55 . "|Hello , Alex ... Cristi here .
Could we meet this evening ?|Where do you want to meet ?
And that 's how it started . How long did you see her for ? Two weeks and then it was over . My pops would have killed me if he found out I was dating a Puerto rican girl . Class act , your pops . You don 't know my pops .|I was a wonder bread kid from the suburbs . It never could have worked . Ever meet Daniella 's boyfriend , the guy she lived with ? She never told me about a guy .
You ever take her to see the Empire state building ? Yeah . It seemed like her home had bad memories for her . Daniella was from New York ? Across the river . Jersey city . Why 'd home have bad memories for her ?|I never asked .
Fine . An hour then .|Bye .
You 're not afraid he 'll smell the hash ? He doesn 't know what hash smells like .|You didn 't call about Victor 's brother ... No Sir , because Victor doesn 't know when he 's coming home .
Do you recognize her ?|Ms. Castillo , you know this girl ? Girl ? That 's my son . That 's Edwin .
I call the room facing the woods !|You got it . That 's your room . EM : Dad , there 's a doggie door !
Who is that ? Some outta sight dynomite hooker chica . She looks like your blow up doll . Shut up , Cass .|There 's something funny about her . Nothing 's funny about her .
Your mom says that ?|OK , well , then , there you have it . You know , it 's for the best .
You can 't have it both ways , John .|Lie twice .
Anca ?|It 's like " What would toothpaste be without a toothbrush ? "
CLYDE : " Will you walk a little faster , " said the whiting to the snail . EM : " There 's a porpoise close behind us " , " and he 's treading on my tail . "|How was your day today ?
You don 't want to , that 's cool . It ain 't that . Come here then . You don 't see me .|I want the world to see me .
When will you bring the others ?|Today . I hope Vali moves on it fast . I leave at 15 : 30 today .
Stop . Please .|I see you .
Dad , you need dishes . AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE : You have one unheard message . Oh , OK .|Hey , Clyde , it 's Trevor down at NC . Hey , give me a ring . I wanted to run something past you . Hope you 're good , Pal Dad , look ! Look , I 'm a lady .
She didn 't even come .|Why not ?
Look at these carvings . They 're so pretty .|These directions are ridiculous . Hey , Em , would you do me a favour and hand me the small screwdriver , please ?
Yes ...|Good day , Captain .
Good day , Captain .|I 'm on a case .
These directions are ridiculous . Hey , Em , would you do me a favour and hand me the small screwdriver , please ?|But , Daddy , you said you 'd get this open for me .
You hear that ? There 's something in there .|So somebody had to open it , once upon a time .
Chris ...|Chris ! Hey . What happened to you , baby ?
Get off of me , Cassie .|He made her go away .
His pops .|Gave the kid a real shiner the night of his prom . Made Daniela go away that night , forever . No wonder he hasn 't talked to you in 25 years .
EM : Dad ?|It 's OK , you guys . I think we have a raccoon .
Don 't you touch him !|What the hell ?
4 o 'clock sharp . If I can 't get back here by 4 , will you leave it under my door ? If anything turns up I 'll leave it for you .|One of them has a record , so pay attention to him . Don 't I pay attention to them all ?
 Are you storing any large amounts of fabrics , cotton , silk , somewhere in the house ? Come on , man , you got to be kidding me . HANNAH : I don 't want to be in that house any more . CLYDE : Yeah , I know . Look , it 's just moths . Moths are like butterflies without colours .|Hey , are you OK ?
Daniela !|Daniela !
Daniela !|Daniela ?
What are you doing ?|That was a weekend . That was a weekend .
Fine .|You should change that pullover .
You can listen to it , but with headphones .|I 'm not going to . I 've heard it ten times .
Get ! Get ! Get ! Get ! Get ! Get ! Get ! Get !|Let 's bring him down .
OK .|All right , there you go . I am successfully deleted from your computer .
If I write or say " o tigara " " a cigarette " ?|A is an indefinite article .
 We 've ... We 've disrupted their whole lives . It 's going to be a while before anything 's normal again , right ?|Yeah .
CLYDE : Hannah , I 'm so sorry I missed your performance .|I screwed up . I promise you I 'm going to make it up to you .
He is angry because you didn 't come in the last few days . Yes .|Now he 'll give me a hard time too because of you .
Hank , finish up .|Beat it .
Hey , Em , what 's the deal with the box ? Just don 't touch it , OK ?|OK . I won 't .
Give it back to me ! Give it back to me !|Give it back to me !
Sorry ?|Bring me that plastic fruit from the desk .
Bring me that plastic fruit from the desk .|Take a grape .
I think we 're talking different languages .|Tell me what " conscience " means for you .
Your bar , huh , Mike ? Bought and paid for . It 's a nice joint . It 's a living .|I 'd offer you a drink , but I used up all my hospitality on the other two . Use up all your lies , too ?
Still strong , right ? Yeah . Working on these the past 30 years kept me that way . So , Wendall , when Hank stole those smokes from you , you do something with those strong hands of yours ? Won 't deny , I told Johnny we should get Hank alone and cut him up . What did Johnny say ? No . We would do it in the mess hall . For all to see .|I 'll trade you my fruit cocktail .
Well , Em 's been going through a lot lately .|PRINCIPAL : You moved recently . CLYDE : Yeah , I moved .
What do you mean , " bad " ?|That I 'd afterwards regret .
That I 'd afterwards regret .|Something bad ...
You weren 't listening ...|Bobbi Jean Banks , will you be my wife ?
Gina , bring me a dictionary .|A Romanian dictionary . Find one .
A Romanian dictionary . Find one .|In 5 minutes , I want a dictionary on my desk !
Circumstances ?|We 're divorced . That 's always tough on the kids , isn 't it ?
I think it would benefit Emily to talk to someone about her feelings . Feelings ? I ...|I talk to her about her feelings all the time . About everything .
In fact , you no longer know what you are , that 's the problem .|I 'll help you one more time . Look up " police " .
I talk to her about her feelings all the time . About everything .|PRINCIPAL : Still , she seems extremely frustrated . She scared everybody with that box , Mrs Brenek .
I knew when I opened that package he couldn 't have paid for those boots , but I wanted them so much . I always regretted that ... It wouldn 't have mattered . Hank would never have let you give those boots back . How do you know ? 'Cause I knew someone just like him ... once .|We think the warden 's got skeletons in his closet , James . We also think he 's a lot more than " tough " and " fair , " like you told me . Okay . We checked his personnel file . 27 reports of misconduct . Maybe you said what you said because you 've been under his watch for 40 years . So , what if we got you transferred outta here ? Houtzdale , Chester , whatever you want , James . Today ?
Yeah , maybe she 's insecure , you know ? Maybe she 's afraid you 're not going to be there for her . Still getting your email . It 's your flight confirmation for North Carolina .|I was going to tell you about this . When ? After you took the job ?
Today .|I was in the cell when they brought Hank back from his lady 's place that night . What kind of shape was he in ? He was holding up . Showed me the fork wounds on his hand . Nasty .
Tess ! Tess !|This elevator has already left .
Hey .|You 're making me look bad , Hank , and I got enough trouble with the rats and water in this place , yes ?
You saw her , warden . I can 't help it . I got the fever . Little gal 's got you going the wrong way , Hank . You already had eight years put on now , it 'll be ten more . Does that make sense ?|Gimme your hand .
Now , I want you to tell every last soul in this ever lovin ' prison that you 'll never get off me again . Otherwise , you and me gonna have a little game of ... little piggy . Hank . Go on . Say it . I 'd be lying .|This one went to the market . Come on , Hank . It 's gotta hurt more than that . No ? Okay .
This one went to the market . Come on , Hank . It 's gotta hurt more than that . No ? Okay .|This little piggy stayed home .
This little piggy stayed home .|Damn it , boy ! Let ' em hear !
Damn it , boy ! Let ' em hear !|After the pliers , they took him out . Later , I heard talk about him getting wailed on with a Louisville slugger . Okay , James . You 're coming with us . Let you stay in hotel homicide till we get that transfer worked out .
Ms. Valez , I don 't mean to be too personal . It 's okay .|Yeah . I 'd pass the time with Jaden there for a while . Aka ... pretty girl ? Aka the big dud . But he was harmless . So the night Hank was brought into the infirmary , was there a head wound ? Not that I recall . Body bruises , like he took a beating . Plus , the hand was mangled . Real bad . Two fingers broke . And during the month , uh , Hank was with you , the warden ever pay a visit ? I think the warden did enough , don 't you ? Anyone come to see Hank ? Only his friend , Johnny , and he came to help . So , Hank and Johnny became friends ? Real good ones .
Um , you know , Emily , I noticed that sometimes you talk to it .|I do not talk to the box .
It 's a she . A woman .|What exactly does she say to you , Emily ?
Well , you know , you are very special .|You know , I would sure like to meet her .
You know , I would sure like to meet her .|Not possible . No one can see her .
Sandman 's coming to get me , Johnny . More in the morning .|Johnny always called her " the boss " after that . Johnny gives her that name , how 's it go over with Hank ? Well , Hank was patient with him . He knew Johnny didn 't have much . Story hour helped him get by .
Not even me .|Can I have some more ?
Where 's Lyle , Bobbi ? He went fishing . And I 'm getting ready to join him . He seems like a nice guy . Grounded . He 's a good man . He 's smart , too .|Romance ?
This is nice ! Now this is relaxing .|This ...
 Then go get it .|We 're done with the box , Emily .
Two points !|Hey , Tess .
He thinks of everything . Guess Johnny was just a loose end , huh ? No . Hank thought of Johnny as a friend . True blue . Then how come Johnny ends up dead ? You wouldn 't understand .|Make me .
Em !|Em !
Are you my friend from the box ?|No . No .
Bobert ...|Bob ?
That was stupid .|I didn 't mean it . No , I swear , Johnny , you 've become my second favorite man in the whole world .
What are you talking about ?|No !
Hey !|This is a song About my desire to find work
Flight to Tokyo , Japan !|The taxi is right here . We 're going to the airport . Please can we hurry ?
You destroyed this family , but I won 't let you hurt the children .|Just move .
My gosh , look at that . It 's just beautiful . We both really enjoy japanese culture , and this gave us another window into how rituals are part of it . Yes !|It 's a roadblock . In this roadblock , teams will face a rigorous training exercise that will determine whether or not they are truly aerodynamic . Team members must dress as samurai and learn the proper ritual and techniques for shooting a bow and arrow from atop a wooden horse . First they 'll observe a demonstration and learn a ritual . They must then perform the ritual in front of a muster . Once they have performed the ritual correctly , they 'll be spun on a wooden horse and must hit a target . When their arrow hits the target , the next clue will be revealed . I have faith in you . I think you can do it . Good luck , daddy . This requires precision and I don 't have the best eyesight . My daughter has better eyes than I do .
Just move to North Carolina .|I don 't want to see you again .
The longer you 're in , the colder it got . It was freezing .|Are you ok , dad ? My muscles will be sore for years , but I 'm fine .
I promised Susan I 'd take her to the mall . I can cook you up something hot when I get home .|I don 't eat breakfast out of no box ! Susan 's in the next room , Leroy . Please don 't start or she 'll see ... I ain 't eating out of no box !
Where 'd you get this ?|Where 'd you get this , Em ?
Try it .|Do your part . Careful , she 'll break the glass . Don 't worry yourself .
How do you feel ?|It 's instantaneous .
I waited and waited , but he never came back . Neither did my mother . You 're positive you heard that song ? I 've never forgotten that day .|Thanks for your time , Susan .
Coach , you looking for the bathroom ?|What brings you to my class ?
Fortunately . She would not have given Mick such a shock . She doesn 't have your scruples .|Thank you , Leo .
Hey ! Hey ! I 'm talking to you !|There 's no hunting on this preserve .
What brings you to my class ?|Quite a find , Clyde .
There 's no hunting here .|You 've been warned .
Without you both , I would have created a big problem out of a little one A big problem ! One thing is clear : Michel hasn 't slept at home , and hasn 't shown any signs of life . He knows you . He must imagine how you are . You forgot to eat because you were worried . He 's monstrous . Let 's hope nothing bad has happened to him . Perhaps his friends won 't call us to let us know . No , Yvonne . Bad news always comes out at once . It 's unbelievable !|But where can he be ? Don 't worry yourself after the shock you 've just had . Georges , get back to work , I 'I call you if you 're needed . Try to work .
That 's just it . I have no idea what I 've got here . Well , judging by the woodwork , I 'd say it was from Poland , 1920s , ' 30s .|Probably originated in a Jewish village , indicated by these Hebrew inscriptions .
I think it says , " Dibbuk . "|It 's the Hebrew word for " dislocated spirit . "
It 's not so hard to make a phone call !|It depends . If he were going to lie to you , someone as naive as Michel wouldn 't use the telephone .
It 's why they concealed this lock and carved these words . Basically what they 're saying is ...|" Warning . Deadly . "
After Leroy gets through with Janet , he starts in on the kid , and Janet clocks him in the face . Right . And Latrice Hicks , who got mugged ... broke the guy 's nose when he went for her handbag . Like Tina James with the tear gas . Yeah . They weren 't just victims of a crime . They all fought back .|We 'll need any records on victims who did the same . Uh , might take a few hours . We 're not computerized . Well , we 'll pick them up in the morning .
One can always call .|Michel doesn 't want to call .
" Whoever sits in the refuge of the most high , " " he shall dwell in the shade of the Almighty . "|I will say of Hashem , " He is my refuge , my fortress , my God . "
I will say of Hashem , " He is my refuge , my fortress , my God . "|" I Will trust in Him . "
" from devastating pestilence ... "|" With his pinion He will cover you , " " and beneath His wings you will be protected . "
" His truth is shield ... "|" His truth is shield and armour . "
What do you want ?|You tell me ! Clyde !
We were in the car . Driving . Well , you remember seeing a cop ? Yes , I do .|We had left the police station a few hours earlier , after my mom filed the report . She was late for work . Then what happened ? We weren 't even speeding , but then this cop pulls us over .
He 's looking for youth .|Oh , cut it out !
I know why you 're mad at me . I 'm not mad . Because of what your daddy did today .|He does that every day , mommy .
You think a cop had something to do with my mother 's murder ? We don 't know yet . You think you could I.D. him , Susan ? I barely saw him . I 'm sorry .|It wasn 't your fault , what happened to your mom . If I could have that moment back ? I would have told her . What ?
Look , Leo , hurry ! I don 't have the strength to walk . You 're always on your feet !|Georges , who was it ? Another of the doctor 's clients who came to the wrong door .
It was Michel .|It couldn 't have been , he has keys . He doesn 't carry his house keys with him everywhere !
Got something . I 'm sorry .|Boys found a live one . Woman who reported a cop abduction in ' 97 . A survivor ?
Sophie , how are you ?|I think it 's indecent that you call your mother Sophie .
All of this is the deception of the spirit to protect the host and drive others away .|The final stage is when the dibbuk attaches to the host , the two becoming one .
The final stage is when the dibbuk attaches to the host , the two becoming one .|It will feed and take until there is nothing left .
Help me ! I was working at the bar that night , you know , doing a little ... in the parking lot ... When this cop rolled up , said he was bringing me in for disorderly conduct . Did you get a look at him ?|I was wasted . Could 've been mickey mouse and I wouldn 't have known . Got his name , though . Brodsky something .
It will feed and take until there is nothing left .|It wants only one thing , that which it does not have .
Sophie !|Oh , my dear Sophie ! Do you reproach me ? Can 't you kiss me without shaking me , or mussing my hair ?
Get out .|I didn 't see your face , officer . I can 't I.D you .
Someone here has to help me .|It 's not my little girl any more . When I look into her eyes , it 's this thing looking back at me .
Happy ?|And this is how you repay me ? For this I bore you , pampered you , fed you , brought you up , and loved you absurdly much . For this I abandoned my poor Georges . So an old woman could take you away and involve you in an indecent mess . Indecent !
We sure ? Him and his wife left town for good in ' 84 . He was shot on the job . Been in a wheelchair since . So someone knew Brodsky was out of commission . And stole his identity . Well , he knew these women were victimized before , that they all fought back . And how they defended themselves . Tina James with tear gas . Other people could 've known . Her old man knew . But he knew the song , Scotty , and what it meant to Janet . She told the cops about the song . But Atalanta ? How 'd he know about that ? Well , he knows about the song and the tear gas and ... the childhood story because it 's in the report . He 's reading these reports . Well , let 's say he ain 't a cop , but he 's got access . Well , who else would have access to the reports , to a cop 's identity ?|I appreciate you coming up here , George .
Please tell me she 's in there .|You have to help me .
What stumps me is the women he picks . Fighters . Most of us , we already got the ball and chain .|Well , might be different if you were looking to kill her . That so ? He hates women . Because of his mother who was domineering , controlling . Serial killer 101 .
Well , might be different if you were looking to kill her . That so ? He hates women . Because of his mother who was domineering , controlling . Serial killer 101 .|You read a lot , huh , George ?
It 's what I do . Spend a lot of time with those records , reading about our dead women .|Yeah , it 's better than fiction , right ? How so ? No one reads them , no one cares about them . But me .
I 'll call the police ! I 'll cause an uproar in the street ! I 'm begging you .|Leo , papa , hurry !
Yeah , it 's better than fiction , right ? How so ? No one reads them , no one cares about them . But me .|Oh , by the way ?
Pikuach nefesh . A permitted violation of a Shabbat law .|A human life is in danger . I am not only allowed , but required to act .
A human life is in danger . I am not only allowed , but required to act .|Let 's go .
What are you doing ?|Em ...
A servant !|But Leo , do you hate me ? No .
It 's tough , getting a woman 's clothes off when she 's not willing . Must 've been scratching , kicking , fighting . They fight you a lot , George ?|Statistically speaking , victims rarely fight back when a firearm is used in the commission of a crime . And you mean " him . " Well , like we said , just theorizing . Hypothesizing . We appreciate your insight , George . Any time . So , why do you think he picks survivors ? Wants a challenge . That 's obvious . Once he finally tracks them down , I bet they 're not so uppity anymore , huh ? And then he teaches them a lesson . Oh , I imagine there are many lessons taught ... in the woods .
I hated you after Michel was born , because you loved him too much and abandoned Georges . At times I was unjust with Michel , because he seemed to be responsible .|It 's curious .
Because , you know , it sounds to me like ... he 's got a real problem with the ladies . You know ?|You 're the one with the lady problem ... from what I hear .
Em ?|Emily ?
Emily ?|Where are you ?
Poor Georges .|23 years old !
I was actually scared .|I 've never seen anything like that .
How are you ?|You 're green .
I 'll stay with Leo . He wants to be alone with you in his room . Please help Michel .|As for me , I 'm very tired .
I want my daddy .|Daddy ...
BRETT : Emily ?|Brett ?
Deer eye , George ? You , uh , a taxidermist ?|Done talking to you . Because if you never hunted , why you have these at your place ?
YOU OK ?|Em ?
Now I understand the false sense of order in this house .|While one was out , the other was here .
If the spirit was contained , it would have to look upon itself , to be forever reminded that it turned away from God .|Jesus .
Why you really became a cop .|What you 've never told a soul . The bad thing that happened to little Lilly ... long , long ago .
Michel called me " the old man . "|He confessed to me that Madeleine was supporting him .
He confessed to me that Madeleine was supporting him .|With your money ?
STEPHANIE : I love you . I need you to stay very , very still for me .|LAB TECHNICIAN : All right , here we go .
We 're going to start taking pictures now .|Looking good . Good tissue .
Looking good . Good tissue .|Doing great , Emily .
Know your enemy .|You 've done your homework .
You 're the devil .|I like you very much , and I want to protect your house . And Yvonne ? She 'll never ...
You 've done your homework .|So have I.
Age 18 ... failed the police academy entry exam . Age 20 , you fail the physical for a , uh ... Shopping mall security guard ? Couldn 't even make it as a rentacop .|So , here you are , 45 ... filing away pieces of paper . No wonder you like to play dress up . You know , you wanna walk , be my guest .
What 's going to become of us !|Michel 's not his normal self . He 's under an omin ...
There 's no little girl , only a woman who beds down with two men . God knows how old . A little fly that Mick sees as a saint . All the more reason to find out who she is . No ! I 'm counting on Georges to show some character and cut it off .|Cut it off short : easier said than done . Granting that all of this is more than a fairy tale , and that she leaves her protector in order to marry Mick , it 's your duty to free him from the responsibility of this childishness . Michel can 't take her away from the old man . At last something sensible !
Great .|I hate hospitals . People die here .
It would be easier to use some cunning . To get Michel back , and earn his gratitude . Ah , you don 't tell me to shut up now .|No . That would be tricking him and he 'd despise us . It 's for his good ; you 're perfectly free to celebrate this wedding when it takes you by surprise .
No . That would be tricking him and he 'd despise us . It 's for his good ; you 're perfectly free to celebrate this wedding when it takes you by surprise .|Believe me , at first it was hard , I reacted as you have , but now I see clearly that what Leo proposes is a good idea .
The strength of my entire family is with us . STEPHANIE : Hannah ? Honey ?|Stephanie .
Courage !|What a nightmare !
He 's just gonna walk ? No confession . She was close .|I 'll be watching you .
Who are you saying that to ?|I warn you , if I go to that person 's house , I 'll go away while you talk to her . Of course , I promise to do all the talking . Don 't ask me to talk to her , I know myself , I couldn 't do it . I 'm not used to that kind of woman . Me either . At a certain age it 's hard to accustom yourself to certain things .
Stephanie .|STEPHANIE : Your wedding ring .
" You will not fear the terror of the night , " " nor the arrow that flies by day , " " the pestilence that prowls in the darkness , " " Nor the destruction that ravages at noon . " " Put Your hands on her . " " You need only look with Your eyes " " and the punishment of the wicked illuminator . "|It stopped .
Shh , baby . Shh , baby . Shh .|Emily !
Let him go ! He didn 't do anything ! Look they 're coming down the stairs !|Let him go !
We want REAL justice !|Did you know that there 'd be all this cameras ? It 's a big case .
Emily !|Damn it ! Take me ! You take me , God damn it ! Take me !
TZADOK : Everybody , put your hands on her ! Cast all fear from your hearts !|STEPHANIE : Emily !
You should have a better wife . Anna .|Be strong . Hey !
She was adorable . And papa , Leo , everybody . But the scene began with some drama . Mama wanted to call the police and detain me .|The police ? Why ?
The police ? Why ?|That 's mama 's style .
Daddy ?|STEPHANIE : Is it OK ? OK ? HANNAH : Em ... STEPHANIE : Oh , thank God .
This is all wrong .|Guys , this is not right .
Guys , this is not right .|Where is it ?
He was a good kid . But even good kids growing up in bad neighborhood pick up bad habits . What kind of bad habits ?|Oh , crap !
Madeleine , you could bewitch anybody .|Only one thing bothers me .
Greg was a good guy . That 's what Harold Mott said . Everyone has a dark side . Greg 's was ... pretty dark .|Hey !
Abyzou . Abyzou .|Abyzou !
Abyzou !|Abyzou !
Abyzou !|Abyzou !
Stacy Hall was killed at the park down the street . You were just checking out the area for yourself . Right ?|Right . Just ... walking the scene .
Right . Just ... walking the scene .|Don 't make it so obvious , Greg .
Don 't make it so obvious , Greg .|I 've seen him a lot with this dealer . Guy named Kiki . He was known on the street that ... he had habit . Kind of an open secret ? Look , I don 't want to speak ill of the dead . But a coke habit ? Takes a lot of cash . So despite what the widow says , maybe Greg was a theif ? And an addict .
I 've seen him a lot with this dealer . Guy named Kiki . He was known on the street that ... he had habit . Kind of an open secret ? Look , I don 't want to speak ill of the dead . But a coke habit ? Takes a lot of cash . So despite what the widow says , maybe Greg was a theif ? And an addict .|Yeah , Maybe .
Abyzou !|Abyzou ! Clyde !
Rough night , Vera ? This city blows , Nothing to do . Can I get some coffee over here ? Hey , did Martin tell where to find that dealer ? Ah , Eden Park . Look for some crazy guy with dreadlocks .|Ready ? Drop me off at New Haven PD ?
I say to you in the name of God , leave this flesh !|Abyzou !
I 'll catch up . He 's paying .|Smell it , smell it .
If I could I 'd cry .|Georges is very touchy .
Abyzou !|You are cast away from the eyes of God ! Daddy ! Abyzou !
Like John and Bobby , you mean ?|That 's one good tip , Kiki . Thanks .
You won 't do it , will you ? Not when you 're like this . How are you going to be governor with your secrets ?|What do you think he was hiding ? I know what he was hiding . I 'm not proud of it , but I looked through his briefcase once and found some newspaper ads . For escorts . Call girls ?
... 28 , 29 ... 30 , 31 , 32 ... Come on , children . Let 's go . Let 's go . Come on .|Come on .
I knew I timed it this right ! You can 't stay away from the place ? I 'm droping gloves off for Lil . Temperature went down 20 degrees over the day . Oh well , She 's still up there . I was going to leave 'em at the desk . She doesn 't like to see me here . Too friendly .|There are worse things .
Come on .|Where 's Jezzy ? Where 's Jezzy ? ... 98 , 99 , 100 !
Where 's Jezzy ? Where 's Jezzy ? ... 98 , 99 , 100 !|1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 ... 5 ... 6 ... 7 ...
Black and beautiful . And you ain 't . Never stopped me and you . Me and you ain 't you and her . Somethin ' ain 't right . You didn 't think Krazzee Judy was right for me , either , as I recall . Oh , please . I told you she is crazy . No , you told me her name is crazy . You didn 't tell me she was a contortionist . Name one contortionist that ain 't crazy . How many contortionists you know ? One , and she 's crazy . She used to do this thing with ... with her legs where ... Damn .|Len .
While I was busting my ass to the Hall trial , he was in here using vice reports to chase boy friends . And who 's Ramon ? A name he got off a report . Probably some barrio trick .|Is there a Juniper Street in New Haven ? Not that I know of .
Is there a Juniper Street in New Haven ? Not that I know of .|We done here ? Yeah . We 're done .
Wanna say a few words ?|Nah , I 'm good .
Any luck ? Squat . We covered all of Juniper Street . Wish we had a skecth on this guy . We 're chasing ghost . Let 's try the theater .|Ever notice how we 're the one always chasing the Marys ?
You need to recuse . Judge . You need to remember who I am .|Counselor . Can I get ya somethin ' , Miss Grange ? She was just leavin ' . Thank you , Miriam . In fact , I am just leavin ' .
And Michel loves you ?|Here is the proof .
If you gon ' be out there in them streets actin ' grown , you best know how to feed yourself . Your grandma teach you how to cook ? Nah . My Uncle Chester did that . He was the best cook on the block next to MeMaw .|He couldn 't touch her pies . But then again , she couldn 't mess with his ribs , either .
Can 't nothin ' them cops do that Florida can 't undo . You might as well sit still till she come here . I tell you , MeMaw . It was easier for me being black in Vietnam than it is in my own damn country . Now why you think Chester paid for that girl to go to school ? So she could learn to fight the white man like a white man , in they courts .|Old Chester paid for Florida 's law school after he kicked me out , huh ? I 'll be damned . Now , honey , if you gon blame a dead man for the way things turned out , you might as well turn in .
Of love ? Love , how easy it is to say . From a marriage that the circumstances make inadvisable .|Are you finished ? Can we come down ?
Not yet , we 're talking like old friends .|Great !
But he said no . That I didn 't see nothing . That I 'd better get out of New Haven . So Martin 's the reason you booked to Philly ?|He told me you ever saw me back there , that would be the last time .
They come around sometimes on Thursdays . Getting ready for the weekend .|Where 're the other guys at ? Back in Philly . We need you tell us about detective Martin . Nothing to tell . We know he 's dirty .
Georges , what 's going on ? You may come down . Is it a man , a woman , a plant , or a historical person ? Michel , I am obligated to do you harm .|Harm ?
My mama send me to buy eggs . And then ? He let me go . But later ?|He comes to my house . Tells my mom , he gotta take me down to the station . Did he ?
He comes to my house . Tells my mom , he gotta take me down to the station . Did he ?|Took me to an old building .
You got kicked out or you ran away ? Tell me the truth . Kicked out . Bullshit .|You ran away , and probably just sayin ' that ' cause it 's easier . Am I right ?
She was weak , she 's been brave , she 's confessed that you 're not her only love .|Madeleine is the first to regret the delay , tomorrow everything will be put in place .
We ain 't leaving here until you tell me how you murdered that woman . I didn 't kill nobody .|Ain 't nobody can help you .
I don 't give a shit about Leonard Pine . I don 't give a shit about you . I don 't give a shit about your lawyer .|You poke me ...
I know all about her life ; you lie .|Michel !
Save me .|Save me .
So these buildings ? Hm , big , empty , quiet .|So that 's where you took Antonio ?
Ow , ow ! Ow ! G ... Ow . Ow . Ow . Ow .|You 're makin ' a big mistake .
You 're gonna turn on your own kind , hermano ? You ain 't my kind . And you ain 't my brother .|Talk about Philadelphia . Finding Greg .
A little lower , Geoffrey .|Geoffrey ?
Ahh . And me ?|We all pay for our crimes , Miss Grange , and our misdemeanors . Leonard Pine pays . Hap Collins pays . You . Me . My son .
You !|You !
The kids aren 't back from the airport with Will yet .|In that case , I have an idea .
So could we . Come on , I 'll race you to the Jacuzzi .|Wait a minute , now . I found a school ... that 's a little further away than we 're used to . How much further ? Switzerland .
And then I went to therapy .|Who asked you ? Get my lunch . Right away , sir .
Philip , when Will gets here , please be nice . Otherwise , you 're going to be bunking with Mr. Couch .|Woman , please ... do you think that you can manipulate me with sex ?
Oh . Oh , shit . MeMaw ! MeMaw !|Open the door ! Oh . I 'm about to have a duck fit . What are you doin ' ?
Uncle Fink .|Will , it 's so nice to have you home .
I thought I 'd get my luggage faster . Y ou poor baby , what did they do ? Mob you for autographs ? No , five old ladies attacked me for being mean to Willard .|Hey , it was worth it . We got the luggage . My sister .
4 ... and 5 ...|And 6 ...
Well , this one squaw says take your behind upstairs , change , and no beeper . And , Philip , how come we don 't ever go nowhere ?|Hold it , hold it , hold it . What about my freedom to express myself ?
Turns out he was Mormon the whole time .|Oh ... Didn 't realize , um , you guys were hanging out . Oh , yeah . We got a friendship cooking . Terrific . Can I talk to Kai ? Yeah , yeah , yeah .  : Absolutely .
Will , back off . The big , fat vein in Daddy 's head is starting to throb .|Y eah , and he hasn 't given me my money yet . No , come on , Hil , we cool . Y ou know ... it ain 't really serious till his right eye start twitching .
Everyone does , on account of my white hair .|White hair .
He can 't know it was my idea . Got it ?|Fine .
I don 't understand . Well , I 've been doing some thinking , and , uh ... I think Stud Nailers is dumb , and I think you 're dumb . But I thought we were friends . Yeah , that 's ' cause you 're a dumb guy , Kai .|So don 't try and contact me or come win me back or just , you know ... Just leave me alone , all right ?
Is it safe to come in ?|What do you want ?
Her head 's a little swollen , hence the hat .|Very good , honey .
God , did you know she was such an ugly crier ? I 'm not crying ! Yeah .  : Okay .|The fish look sick .
Ow !|Come on . I can 't get it ! It 's too slimy and scummy ! Yeah , well , you got to clamp down on it !
Come on . I can 't get it ! It 's too slimy and scummy ! Yeah , well , you got to clamp down on it !|All right , got it , I got it . Yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . Now grip it and rip it . All right . BEN and CHIP : One , two , three !
And besides ...|Perhaps it 's true that I 'm not made for their milieu . What milieu ? Are you joking ? Listen to me , Madeleine .
Perhaps it 's true that I 'm not made for their milieu . What milieu ? Are you joking ? Listen to me , Madeleine .|Are you listening to me ? Tomorrow , at 5 , come to the caravan .
How shall I put this ?|The food sucks .
The food sucks .|Man , what are you talking about ? It looks good to me .
Man , what are you talking about ? It looks good to me .|The pepper 's moving .
That is the last time I buy sushi out of the trunk of a car .|Tuna roll ?
Are you in trouble , kid ?|I 'm desperate . What about that jackpot you married ? Hm . Not a penny . Bruce will wish I was dead before I 'm through with him . What about Walter ?
Hello ? Hello , Marie ?|Marie who ?
He was a monster !|Of course not , darling ; he 's not a monster .
Will , please , these are very important clients . At least take off that ridiculous hat .|Wonderful party , Banks . Y ou really know how to court a client . Thank you .
Oh , honey . I 've got to go back to the office a few hours . Chance to make some overtime . Hope you don 't mind . Oh , no , Walter .|I 'll find something to do .
You Helen Sprague ?|Do you have a check for her ?
She 's a girl , a very unfortunate one . That 's wonderful . That girl deceived me with Michel , and Michel with ...|Georges !
All right , Miss Hobart . Oh , just one more thing . When was the last time you went out to the cabin in Witmer Canyon ? Ha . Are you crazy ? I 've never been out there . All that fresh air would kill me .|MAN : No , sir . I don 't know the lady . You had a guest by the name of Marie Chapman , here for the cure . Chapman . Well , they come and they go , sir . She looked something like this .
Don 't you believe that just because it suits your purposes ? Magnificent ! Now we 're canonizing Madeleine , she 's a saint ! She is young .|And she loves Michel .
Nervousness made me speak rashly .|And go back on everything I said yesterday ? Don 't count on it .
Well , that clears her . What about Helen Sprague , Paul ? Helen Sprague had an 11 : 30 dental appointment and kept it . That leaves only one person who could have impersonated Marie Chapman : Miss Grace Norwood . That 's from the employment files of the Chapman Import Company . Uh , by the way , she 's back in town . MASON : Where had she been ? The desert , she says . That 's all ? That 's all .|Della , how would you like to get a divorce ?
We must not sacrifice this girl and Michel for some sort of wretched comfort .|Leo ... No .
What company ? Company with breasts .|Look , Jazz , can you ask them to come back another time , please ? Jazz , I 'm getting lonely .
I like Michel .|He 's your son . And do you like Yvonne ? Maybe you 're not completely devoted to her ?
There 's no one left .|MAN : The autopsy revealed Marie Chapman was already dead when her car went over into the ravine . Dr. Hoxie ... what did you determine to be the cause of death ? Asphyxia due to strangulation . There was a fracture of the hyoid bone , uh , with a hemorrhage at the place of fracture . I see . Now , the body was discovered on what date ? August 13th . And were you able to determine from the condition of the body the date of death ? Yes . Approximately nine days prior to the discovery of the body . That would make it August 4th ? Is that correct ? Yes , sir . Thank you , doctor . Your witness .
Don 't play with heart .|My heart has been trifled with enough .
My heart has been trifled with enough .|Don 't play too much with my heart , or with yours .
And now , booty awaits me .|Jazz , if our friendship means anything to you , you 'll open this door right now .
Georges , I love you .|It 's infernal .
Mr. Sprague , on the night of Tuesday , August 4th , where were you ? My office , working late . And there was no one at your office who could establish your being there at 11 ?|No . I see . Now , Mr. Sprague , would you please tell us the terms of your divorce settlement with Marie ?
No further questions .|I call Virginia Hobart to the stand , please .
I call Virginia Hobart to the stand , please .|BAILIFF : Do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth ? She said her husband had cut her off , and that she needed money desperately . And that he 'd wish she was dead before she got through with him . I see . Thank you , Miss Hobart . Your witness .
Who are you talking to , son ?|Actually , I was talking to the car , Officer . Oh , the car talks ?
My poor old man .|My poor old woman . No , we are not old , however ...
My room .|Give me your purse .
No , it 's kind of fly , actually . Check it out .|No , no , chill , no , watch .
No , no , wait , wait , hold it . Check it out , check it out . The car , it say , " move or I 'll kill you , " or something like that .|Guess the cat 's got its tongue .
Guess the cat 's got its tongue .|Damn !
Look where you 've brought me .|What 's happening ? Where did he go ?
Doubt .|He went to my door .
He went to my door .|Listen .
Vivian .|Ashley , what are you doing out of bed ? I 'm worried about Will . Why did you throw him out into the street , Daddy ? I did not throw him into the street . Quite right , sir . Y ou threw him on the lawn . He rolled into the street .
He puts his hand on the latch .|I 'm afraid , afraid it 's not Mick .
Looks like you really blew it this time , huh , big guy ?|I just hope the Willster 's still breathing .
We were friends . MASON : Go horseback riding with her ? GREG : Occasionally . MASON : Alone ? Bruce doesn 't ride .|Very attractive woman , wasn 't she ?
Will ! Oh , honey , thank God you 're safe . Hi , Aunt Viv . Y ou stink .|Boy , it 's good to be home . Is there a problem , Officer ?
Boy , it 's good to be home . Is there a problem , Officer ?|Oh , right . Just ' cause I come in the crib in the middle of the night ... escorted by a police officer , you think something 's wrong . See how he be trying to play me , Fred ? Thank you so much for bringing him home , Officer .
I have no objection , Your Honor . Miss Hobart , take the stand , please .|You 're still under oath , Miss Hobart . Yes , sir .
What , I got a boogie ?|Will , I am very disappointed in you . I can 't believe the trouble you 've caused this family . Y our aunt 's right . Y ou 've been back from Philly one day ... you insult a client and you storm out of this house like a crazy man ... and worry this family half to death . And I don 't appreciate the influence you 're having on your cousin Ashley . He 's not a bad influence on me , Daddy . I have a mind of my own .
Um , Your Honor , may I have a moment ? Yes , Mr. Mason .|You were right , Mr. Mason . I think we found what the thief was after .
Y ou all trying to play me like that , right ? What if he told you that you couldn 't wear plaid anymore ?|Don 't joke about that , Will .
What ? It 's already closed .|It 's closed .
It 's closed .|I only came looking for sugar .
What if he told you that you couldn 't entertain men in the Jacuzzi anymore ? When did you have a man in the Jacuzzi ? This isn 't about me . It 's about Will .|Come on y 'all . It 's about all of us . I mean , look , we 're young adults here . I mean , we have a right to our own opinions . Y eah !
You were right , Mr. Mason . I think we found what the thief was after .|Mr. Hibberly ... when Mr. Drake showed you a photograph of the late Marie Chapman , you didn 't recognize her . Well , that 's right . How would I know her ? Mm , you 'd never seen her ? Never . I told you .
This is what the murderer was after , Mr. Hibberly . Proof that he had known Marie Chapman , formerly Marie Sprague .|I had to try and get it . If you found out that I had handled Marie 's divorce from Walter Sprague ... then you 'd have known that I couldn 't possibly have been fooled by the impersonation .
Come , Michel , don 't speak foolishness . You were bothering us so little that your mother was going to look for you .|On the contrary , stay here a while .
Good .|Well , Will ...
Well , Will ...|I hate to admit it , but I guess you have a point .
Clark ? She married a fellow named Clark . George Clark . She 's the one ? You 're sure ? As sure as you can be about a thing like that . The couple who adopted her wrote the minister of their church . I found the letter in the minister 's estate . What did the letter say ? That she was Lorna Thomas ' daughter .|You sure get the lowdown on her all at once , don 't you ? " Lovely Lorna . " First that she 's got a grown kid that nobody knows anything about and then wham , she swats you over the head with a gaff .
You sure get the lowdown on her all at once , don 't you ? " Lovely Lorna . " First that she 's got a grown kid that nobody knows anything about and then wham , she swats you over the head with a gaff .|Now , look , I fell into the lake and I hit my head against the side of the boat . I want you to forget everything else . There are some things , Mr. Bushmiller , please , that you shouldn 't try to understand . Sure . Thanks .
Good night .|Nice try .
You wanted to see me ?|All my life , Miss Thomas . I told him we didn 't need the lawn mowed or any magazine subscriptions . Run along , Harriet , thank you . Well , now , Mr. Bushmiller , what is it ? I was resting . I 'm not feeling very well . Neither is Mr. Briggs . You saw what happened ?
I already know how stupid I am . That person was cheeky with you , but she couldn 't be with Leo .|You were on an equal footing . You dazzled her . It 's not easy to lie to me .
Even your mother knew nothing . Go ahead , find out for yourself .|Mama ...
Mama , say it . I 've already told you .|Then ...
Then ...|I must run , call , find out where she is ...
What 's with Dad , anyway , waking us up at 6 : 00 a . M ? Now I 'll never know how that dream ends . She dumps you , Carlton .|Hey , look , all I 'm saying is , just ' cause he own the crib ... and pay all the bills and everything , he think he can tell us what to do . Now , I don 't know about y 'all , but I ain 't having it . I think it 's time for somebody to straighten him out .
You have now .|Drink your drink .
I want to leap , to run , and to shout ... Madeleine ...|Madeleine , you 're here
Step to it , Ash .|Will , we 're going to go down and help rebuild the old neighborhood ... and I don 't want any attitude from you . What ?
Yes , sir .|I won 't . I won 't ! Please , George , I just can 't do it . You 've got to . Right now . Tonight . But if Mr. Mason investigates ... Betty , there 's not a lawyer in the world that can do a thing until that woman admits who you are . Oh , I wish we could just go back to Oregon City . And forget the whole thing . Just forget it ? But what will I say ? What 'll you say ? What else have you been saying ever since I 've known you ? " Mother , mother , mother . I wonder who she is . " Hey , maybe it 's that flower woman over there . Maybe it 's the queen of France . " Over and over again . Well , how could I help it ? Well , you can help it now . You can face it . You can look it in the eye . I 'm afraid . Okay . We 'll just pack up and go back home , then . It 's all done , and that 's the way it 'll be the rest of your life . You 'll never be able to ask yourself another question .
That was pretty cruel , even for you .|Leave me alone . Isn 't there anything in you for the girl ? Don 't presume on your years of service . What else can I presume on , your loyalty ? You 'd throw me out tomorrow if you didn 't need me . Your affection ? You just showed an inexhaustible supply of it . Enough to fill a thimble . You just don 't know your place . Oh , excuse me , ma 'am . Have a pleasant evening . Mr. Bushmiller said he was going to the liquor store and would be right back .
Leave me alone . Isn 't there anything in you for the girl ? Don 't presume on your years of service . What else can I presume on , your loyalty ? You 'd throw me out tomorrow if you didn 't need me . Your affection ? You just showed an inexhaustible supply of it . Enough to fill a thimble . You just don 't know your place . Oh , excuse me , ma 'am . Have a pleasant evening . Mr. Bushmiller said he was going to the liquor store and would be right back .|Good night , ma 'am .
When I first came to your office , it was to ask you to help Betty . Yes ?|Would you help me too ?
Without insulin , I 'd be dead .|Mick , run and kiss her . Go .
He seems to have devoted his whole life to Lorna Thomas ' greatness .|You 're quite perceptive , Della . I want you to tell Paul to get a complete rundown on her estate , her properties , her will and her jewelry , despite Mr. Briggs ' denial that it was stolen .
I can 't .|Even though I want to .
Did you hear a commotion ? A noise ? A blow ? No . But I wouldn 't have heard it anyway , not from my room with the windows closed . Miss Snow , when you went downstairs and found Miss Thomas , did you see her jewelry anywhere in the room ? No . Now , you testified that you were in your room possibly ten or 15 minutes , during which time Miss Thomas must have been killed , before you opened your window and saw Mr. Clark on the terrace below ? Yes . Then there was time , certainly , for the killer to have made his way through the house to the street while George Clark was going around the house to the terrace in the rear ? Well , there was time , I guess . As a matter of fact , you could have killed her during that time , could you not ? If I had wanted to kill her , I could have picked any time I wanted to .|BURGER : Do you recognize this bracelet , Mr. Raeburn ? Yes . It was one of her favorite pieces . I see . Now , on the night of the murder , what time was your meeting with Miss Thomas ? It started at 9 : 30 , went on to about a quarter of 10 , when the girl showed up . What girl ? Mrs. Betty Clark . Well , what was she there for ? Did she say ? I 'm not at all sure . It was something about whether or not she was Lorna Thomas ' daughter .
No , I didn 't know what Lorna Thomas was going to wear . I didn 't see her all evening . Then you don 't recall having seen any of the jewelry she was so well known for ? Uh , perhaps you saw the jewel box she had taken out of the wall safe in the study . No . How could I ? I was back in my own room dressing , then I went to the liquor store . How many times have I got to say it ? It does seem to me you 're being unnecessarily insistent , counselor . I 'm quite concerned with this one particular point , Your Honor . Very well . You may continue , Mr. Mason . Your Honor . Mr. Bushmiller , have you at any time since the murder seen any of Miss Thomas ' jewelry ?|No . I told you before . Have you at any time shown any of her jewelry to anyone else ?
Besides , Michel will need her .|Just as Georges will need me .
No , thanks . But I do need a strong pair of arms . That would be me . I got that . Carlton can 't help you , he 's on the debate team .|Really , I 'm captain of my debate team .
Really , I 'm captain of my debate team .|Simone , where you want me to go with this ?
Simone , where you want me to go with this ?|How about over there somewhere , like , say , Cleveland ?
Tell me to go to Cleveland , mushroom head .|Well , I guess we better get busy . All right !
I 'll check .|That case , I 'll bet two blues .
No , row versus wade , the best way to cross a stream .|Y ou 've got a great sense of humor . Y eah , I know .
This is between myself and Benton .|I figure you owe me an apology . WALLACE : Now , come on fellas , let 's break this up . Somebody could get hurt . What do you say , Mr. Benton ? I 'm getting out of here .
Georges ...|It 's impossible ...
Do you believe this mess , man ? I thought we was here to work . Don 't even sweat it , man . Most of those fools ain 't coming back here , anyway . A few more months , everybody 's conscience will be cleared ... and things will be back to status quo .|Half these people don 't even understand what really went down here , man . Y eah .
What ?|Sophie ...
Well , there go the nerdyweds .|Vivian , wait . Now , you cannot avoid me all day . Now , where were you yesterday ? Philip , I love you sweetheart . Trust me , you 're my husband . And , as your husband , I have a right to an explanation . And , as your wife ... when I think of something , you 'll be the first one to know . Don 't ... I 'm not finished with you yet , woman . Well , I 'm through with you , man .
Vivian , wait . Now , you cannot avoid me all day . Now , where were you yesterday ? Philip , I love you sweetheart . Trust me , you 're my husband . And , as your husband , I have a right to an explanation . And , as your wife ... when I think of something , you 'll be the first one to know . Don 't ... I 'm not finished with you yet , woman . Well , I 'm through with you , man .|Y eah , that 's right , I 'm bad .
Y ou 're not coming back .|Wait , hold up , man , I 'm coming back . No , you 're not , man . I bet you feel pretty good about yourself , don 't you ? I mean , you come down here , do the right thing ... then you go home patting yourself on the back ' cause you helped out the poor folk .
Hold up , man . Y o , I 'm from Philly . We had to save up to be poor .|Why you sweating me like this man , what 's up ? 'Cause , you 're just like all the rest of them . Y ou come around here with the X cap and them cool Doc Martens ... and you 're all " dope " and " word to your mother . " And you think that makes you committed ?
What do you want ? Money . You know me , Larry . I 'm not a pig . I 'll take 5 grand , forget the whole thing . Where would I get that kind of money ?|You kidding ? Well , this place belongs to my brother . So ?
He give you trouble ? No , not a bit . I told him I 'd be back tomorrow for the dough . Nice going , Wallace . We play this pigeon right , we 'll make a fortune . Right .|What did I tell you , sweetie ? There 's not a thing to worry about .
Hey , I 'm going to knock your head off , slimeball .|Y o , man !
Y o , man !|Help !
STEVE : After I spoke to Mr. Drake , he suggested I have a talk with you .|I 'd say a talk with Mr. Clay would be more profitable . I tried it , but I didn 't get very far . He said he wasn 't my brother 's keeper .
I 'd say a talk with Mr. Clay would be more profitable . I tried it , but I didn 't get very far . He said he wasn 't my brother 's keeper .|What makes you think your brother needs a lawyer ? I 'm a hunch player , Mr. Mason . Many 's a time I 've drilled a well where there was no indication of oil for 50 miles . Now you have a hunch that your brother 's being blackmailed . It can 't be anything else .
Oh , kids , look it 's Hector .|Hector !
Gin . Oh , no , honey . Not again .|Hi , Johnny , Doris .
Hi , Johnny , Doris .|Well , what happened to you ?
Don 't shoot . I 'm a US citizen . Honest ! Scared me half to death .|I 'll take her home
OK . Lets say 3 o ' clock .|And look I 'm gonna have to postpone that trip to Houston .
Y eah , there 's been a lot of changes since you 've been gone .|It 's still nice to have you back .
Well , look , I 'll be downstairs .|Y ou know what ? I never gave you kids a wedding present .
Where is he , Mr. Drake ? Please tell me . Please .|Once I found out his real name was Bradley , it was strictly routine . How did you find out his name was Bradley ? Checked the set of prints I lifted off his car . He 'd done time . Also , I spoke to his wife . She 's in a bad way . Did you tell Mrs. Bradley where she could find her husband ? No , I didn 't . I thought you ought to hear about it first . Does he have any close friends ?  Well , I don 't know if you 'd call ' em friends , but he used to play poker every week , and there were always two regulars . A Ben Wallace and a guy by the name of , uh , Mike Granger . This Granger served time for assault .
He begged to fly home weekend after weekend . I said no , wait till spring break and show ' em what your made of . And they will show you the ...|The ladder to the top Dad
Baby , why are you throwing your doll in the garbage ? Well , I tried flushing her down the toilet , but the little creep floats .|I want a new doll . Baby , it 's all we can afford right now . With all the free legal aid your daddy gives ... we 're barely covering expenses ... but there are more important things in life than fancy clothes and big houses . What have you been smoking ?
Oh . You 're that lawyer , aren 't you ? Well , I don 't know if I 'm " that " lawyer , but I am an attorney .|What do you want with Johnny ?
I 'd like to talk to him ... about several things . Such as ? His wife , for one .|Heh . You don 't know what you 're talking about . Johnny isn 't married . Yes , he is . His wife 's name is Nora Bradley . He deserted her and their child two years ago . That 's a lie . She 's living , if you can call it that , at 217 Sinclair Avenue .
Are you sure we 're all related ?|Mom , Dad , I 've been thinking it over ... and I 've decided what I want to be when I grow up . What , tall ?
Take this and get rid of it .|Thanks boys . I don 't know where she keeps finding them .
I 'm black ?|Hello ?
I know that happened Yeah , everyone knows what happened|You know her ?
Where have you been ? What 's the matter ? Did you call your detectives off ?|I just talked to Perry Mason . He might be able to help us . I don 't need any help .
Y es .|I would love to meet with the other partners . Next Thursday is great . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Did you tell me why you first went to see Clay ?|What made you suspect that your brother killed him ? I didn 't . Then why 'd you wipe the murder weapon clean ?
But you stick with it . Competition strangles the best of us|It 's knowing how far you can bend the rules of the game Tell me Dad , you know you can trust me
Mason .|Go ahead . Do what you think best .
This is our home and this community is a part of our family .|And I 'll never turn my back on it .
Go ahead . Do what you think best .|Well , counselor . Been in to see your client ? That 's right , lieutenant . I hope you advised him to change his story . What story ? That he 'd only been in Clay 's living room for a minute when Wallace walked in . Well , what 's wrong with that ? Well , if he never left the living room , how come I found his fingerprints all over the bathroom ? Gives you something to think about , doesn 't it ?
We 'd like to see Larry Benton . You 're Mr. Mason , aren 't you ? That 's right . Come in , please .|He asked me to say he wasn 't home . Oh ? But where is he ? In the study .
Cmon David don 't bullshit me What the hell 's with you ? Talk to me or I 'll hit you|I don 't know
I don 't know|I don 't fuckin ' know It 's ok , I guess
We sure did , baby .|Our roots are here .
I missed you|Yeah
Yeah|It used to be a frontier out here Kill or be killed . Be a slave or be free
It used to be a frontier out here Kill or be killed . Be a slave or be free|And now what are the choices that matter ? Paper , plastic , Lubricated rib ?
Look , you know , Uncle Phil , I think I will come back ... you know , next weekend . Hook up with my man Noah , set up a schedule .|Y es , I think I 'll hook up with Simone and make out a little schedule of my own .
Great ! I 'm going to plan a party .|I guess you 're really disappointed in me , huh , Vivian ?
Fuck it|Thank you
I 'm afraid it 's too late .|I 've chased you away .
Always old fashioned .|One sugar donut
Come in , Ms. Bradley .|Mrs. Bradley , this is Perry Mason . How do you do ? Won 't you sit down ?
Roger , Slater , morning Roger listen , bad news . We had a theft last night|Yeah . Fully loaded Of course I do . That 's not it I didn 't want to wake you Trust me I 'm taking care of this Yeah , I 'm gonna send them out to find the usual suspects
I knew she wouldn 't take it .  Why ? Mm . She just didn 't impress me as that kind .|Did she impress you as the kind who would file a claim for her husband 's insurance less than 24 hours after he was murdered ? She do that ?
Here is your mommy .|And here ... is you .
I wouldn 't know .|Come on out , join the party .
I have fallen and I can 't get up .|Will . Kids , come on now , brace yourself . I have some very important news for you . Okay , but I 'm living with the one who keeps the house .
Will . Kids , come on now , brace yourself . I have some very important news for you . Okay , but I 'm living with the one who keeps the house .|No . We 're not getting a divorce , stupid .
I 'd still like to find out how to locate Mr. Granger . Well , why don 't you ask Larry Benton .  DORIS : Ben !|Allow me . Weren 't you ever taught not to point these things ? Let 's go , Paul .
Mom , I want to be a vision to the devil himself|My devil is out back
Sorry to disturb you , Perry , but ... uh , you have company . I hope you forgive this intrusion . I 'm always glad to see you , lieutenant . Well , let 's say sometimes you 're ... gladder than others . I hate to interrupt your homework , but , uh , Mr. Burger wonders if you 're familiar with that section of the penal code which covers intimidating a witness , for the state . What did Mr. Wallace say ? That you and Paul Drake manhandled him . Well , I 'm sure I don 't have to tell you that Wallace is lying . Unfortunately , he has a witness to substantiate the charge . Doris Shackley ? Moreover , you removed from his person and against his will a valuable weapon . A .38 caliber Smith Wesson revolver that he is duly licensed to carry .|Mr. Burger knew that you were discouraged about Benton 's chances ... but he didn 't think you were this desperate . Well ... see you in court .
Let 's try this again , shall we ?|Now , kids , I have great news . We 're going to have a baby !
Lieutenant , you testified you saw the body at the scene of the crime . Yes , sir . Would you say there was a great amount of bleeding ? Well , there always is in cases of this kind . Was the defendant splattered with blood ? Well , his handkerchief was . What about Mr. Benton himself ? Well , there were a few bloodstains on , uh , the cuffs of his pants . Anywhere else ? His hands , for example ?|No . No , sir . Well , in your experience , wouldn 't you say that was unusual ?
Good morning , honey .|Going to the electric chair ?
No . No , sir . Well , in your experience , wouldn 't you say that was unusual ?|Yes . Yes , sir . Thank you , lieutenant . That 's all . You may stand down , lieutenant . Just a minute , lieutenant . I have one or two questions on redirect . Let 's see if we can 't clear up a point that Mr. Mason seems to consider a contradiction . You testified that the defendant said he was only in the living room . Is that correct ? That 's right . Did you find his fingerprints in the living room ? Yes , sir . Were his fingerprints found anywhere else in the house ? In the bathroom . Whereabouts in the bathroom ? Near the washbowl .
Hey give me a smoke will you ?|Me and David We 're gonna make some money And were gonna travel
The catering business is so unfair . I mean , a couple of nuns get botulism and all of a sudden , I 'm blacklisted .|Y eah , yeah , yeah . That 's too bad . So how 's the apartment hunting going , honey ? Excuse me ?
I have to meet George and David later on at the Old train depot You ever been there ?|Well , we used to hang there when we were kids , you should come . Ok , but I 've got to stop by at the garage first and check a leak
Are these the checks ?|Yes .
Philip . Hilary , honey , what your father 's trying to say is ... you don 't live here anymore , honey .|But this is all so sudden .
Well I 'm a thief , you 're a thief|Right ?
Yes .|He claimed Johnny wound up with the money . Johnny told him he was crazy . What did the defendant do then ? He hit Johnny ... and then he told him if he didn 't lay off his kid brother , he 'd be back and take care of him . Are you certain those were his exact words ? Quote , " I 'll take care of you , " unquote ? Yes , sir . Thank you , Miss Shackley .
Again ?|What a week . First , those damn nuns , now this .
That 'll be all . Your witness .|Miss Shackley , you testified that two days before Mr. Clay 's murder , you witnessed an altercation between him and the defendant . That 's right . And the defendant struck the deceased at that time ? He certainly did . Johnny had a nosebleed that looked like it would never stop . There was blood all over the place . I suppose it also splattered on the defendant .
Miss Shackley , you testified that two days before Mr. Clay 's murder , you witnessed an altercation between him and the defendant . That 's right . And the defendant struck the deceased at that time ? He certainly did . Johnny had a nosebleed that looked like it would never stop . There was blood all over the place . I suppose it also splattered on the defendant .|Yes . Uh , where did Mr. Benton wash up before he left ?
Do I look like someone who could use a truckload ? I 'm dirty because I 'm a mechanic not a criminal|Besides nothing good on TV in it , right
Look , I 'm serious . This is my senior year , and I don 't want you tagging along . I 've worked too hard at becoming popular .|And any day now , it 's going to kick in , right ?
Which border ?|That one ?
Carlton , look . The way to make an impression is to relax , man . Y ou got to be calm , chill out a little bit .|Hurt me ! Hurt me !
Want to get something to eat ? How about some dogs ?|All this time You 've been the donut lady Now here you are What do you mean ? That I 'm an ancient and I 'm mark from the neighborhood with surprise , suprise , little life still left in her ?
Oh , one thing puzzles me , lieutenant . Yes , sir ? According to the dry cleaners , the last time this coat was serviced was on the 18th day of the eighth month . That 's correct . August 18th .|Yet we all heard Mr. Wallace testify that Granger was murdered on the night of August 15th , three days earlier . How would you explain that ? I can 't . I 'd like to hear , uh ... Mr. Wallace try .
Didn 't Greg told you ? We 're the war boys Back in high school , we used to have chicks like you running scared . How frightening . This little wetback is just shivering in her slippers|She 's ... an aztec beauty and she 's shivering in her slippers
I 'm getting dizzy|Stop it !
Stop it !|Stupid gringos ! All of you
I mean , what 's happening to this country ? It 's enough to make me want to vote .|Maybe you should lower your standards a little . Y ou 're not going to be happy until I 'm living in a trailer , eating Spam on Ritz .
Sweetheart , I found a few places that don 't look so bad .|I 'm beginning to get the idea that you want to get rid of me . Run with that .
Any further questions ?|Nope .
Then one of them asked me to join the war boys . You know , it was on of those chase the beaners high school club|Sometimes we 'd spot an illegal and call the border patrol Sometimes we chase them in our cars
Sometimes we 'd spot an illegal and call the border patrol Sometimes we chase them in our cars|Mostly we drove around and made noise
Mostly we drove around and made noise|We never hurt anybody
MAN : Mitsou ?|Who is it ? Toma .
She senses my raw animal power and is incapable of turning away .|She senses that big , wet , nasty blob of mayonnaise on your cheek ... and she can 't eat till you wipe it off .
I don 't understand this at all , Hudson . First you have the girl arrested , and then you bail her out . It just doesn 't make sense . Well , I don 't see any particular reason for taking our pound of flesh from her , Thelma . Just how does one take a pound of flesh from a thief ? Isn 't it enough if she loses Grove ? It isn 't with me .|Thelma , may I talk to Dad for a minute alone ? Of course . I have dozens of things I should be doing .
I gotta go . I should go home Wait a minute , stay with me I 'm sorry|Damn
Hurt me ! Hurt me !|Y o , baby . Y ou see , I noticed you noticing me . And I wanted to give you notice that I noticed you , too .
Baby , you float my boat .|I know you better float your midget boat on out of here .
Now , what 's all this about Mitsou ? Well , just what have you heard ? That you had her arrested . The police arrested her , but who told you about it ? That greasy detective you hired . Beals ? He called me about an hour ago . Had something to sell me , only I wasn 't buying because I knew exactly what it was : the inside story of how you framed Mitsou . Let me show you something , Grove .|Rose cultured pearls . Exact duplicates of Thelma 's natural ones , left in their place . If Thelma hadn 't been suspicious and had them examined , the theft might have gone undetected for months . So ? So if I wanted to frame Mitsou , the way you put it , would I risk having these made up ?
Once|And I hardly remember it
You once saved the life of a countryman of mine , Kentora Toyama . Oh , yes , I remember . Uh , this is Miss Street . She 's the pearl buyer , Mr. Kamuri . How do you do ? Mitsou . You are not interested in pearl , Mr. Mason ? Yes , as a matter of fact , I 'm very interested . Then you must allow me to show you my collection . I have some that are quite rare . I 'd be glad to see them . Come this way , please .|This is Mr. Nogata , who has forgotten more about pearls than I will ever know . Mr. Nogata . And these are cultured pearls from Japan , which he is sorting and grading . Some are quite beautiful . They certainly are . But I show you my prizes .
Shut the fuck up . We we 're just kids|Sure
Dude sounds like a jackass .|Actually , Will , he sounds like you .
Actually , Will , he 's better than you .|I mean , look at you , you got it going on . Y ou got sweet hips , lips and fingertips .
So that means ... I could touch you here ? Right ?|All american ok . Check
All american ok . Check|And ... Here ?
I see .|Does your uncle know about the pearls ? He must by now , but he has said nothing to me . I am worried about him . He is like a samurai , very proud of the family name . A disgrace such as this could kill him . Did he ever mention making up a set of rose cultured pearls to match the Nichols ' natural ones ? No .
Still ... I would have liked to have been there for Ashley . Hey .|I was so sure looking like this would make me popular .
And touch you here|Say you want me
Have you any money with you ? A few dollars . Let me see .|Uh , that is a Japanese coin . I know . Della , when we get back to the office , make a notation that we received a retainer from Miss Kamuri in the sum of 5 yen .
Actually , a lot of guys don 't know . Well , really , damn near all guys don 't know .|Look , Ashley , there 's still some guys that appreciate quality , you know ? And you 're quality . Y ou don 't got to do all this .
Uh , that is a Japanese coin . I know . Della , when we get back to the office , make a notation that we received a retainer from Miss Kamuri in the sum of 5 yen .|Well , now you are officially my client , Mitsou . You didn 't just happen to take me to Mr. Kamuri 's store , did you ? No . I received a call about Mitsou just before lunch , while you were out . Oh ? From Hudson Nichols , asking me to defend her . But I wanted Mitsou to have the chance to , uh , make a pearl of mine .
It 's gonna be alright . So will Marta|Hey Greg wait up
Y o , it was deep . I agreed with all of it .|Y ou have no idea what I said , do you ? Wait , hold up , girl , you tripping . I know what you said . Y ou , you ... ' Cause we was right here . Y ou said that ... people who live in glass cribs shouldn 't throw hard stuff .
Maybe you can answer that , Toma ? I know nothing about this . No matching string of pearls was made here ? Yes , Mr. Nichols , such a string was made . Who for ? I am sorry . It was private and confidential transaction . You mean you won 't tell me because it 's a matter of business ethics , huh ?|I don 't believe it . I am sorry . You made them up for Mitsou , didn 't you ?
No .|" Let your smile be your umbrella " ?
I didn 't even have to look to where I was going|And all of a sudden I 've found myself somewhere I hadn 't ... I 've never been before
Come on . Who cares what you said , baby . I 'm saying I 'm trying to be with you .|That 's the first honest thing you said to me .
Beals must have sold this to Grove , but what could your uncle have told him ? I don 't know . I will , of course , speak to him .|Please now , I would like to be alone .
And I wasn 't afraid anymore|What happened when you got there ?
I kissed my best friend|David
It was a great shock to her , Mr. Mason . She loved her uncle . Yet apparently her uncle told Grove Nichols that she had stolen the pearls . If Grove says that , he 's not telling the truth . I was there , Mr. Mason . What did Mr. Kamuri tell him , then ?|Just that he 'd made a string of matching cultured pearls in confidence . For Mitsou ? No , not for Mitsou . He did not say .
On the mouth|You know , the way mom and dad do sometimes
How come you don 't like me ?|Not that I don 't like you Cat , it 's just you 're a .. different .. from me , that 's all Is that a bad thing ?
How long was Mitsou here before she called you ? Only a few moments . She ran out to summon Connors , but he had gone . So then she called me . Connors ? Our watchman . He spoke to her as she was coming in . You know where he lives ? In a , uh , rooming house on First Street . Now I 'd like to see your pearl records , please . Yes .|Mr. Kamuri kept this himself . It is in Japanese , but I can translate . A string of rose pearls , made up perhaps a week or so ago . Mr. Mason , a page has been torn out .
Beals is my name . Edgar Beals . You the one who 's been following me ? Following people is my business , Mr. Mason . And selling information . You want to buy some ? What sort of information ? About a Japanese doll . The price tag is 5 grand . Blackmail ? Just a simple business transaction . I don 't do business in the hallway , Mr. Beals . If you have information for me , either bring it to my office or I 'll take you into court and get it out of you . Think it over .|Mitsou gave this one to me . She must have painted dozens just like it . Said it reminded her of the cliffs over the sea where she was born in Japan . I guess that 's why she rented this place . 'Cause she wanted to be near the cliffs . Oh , are they close by ? Oh , yes , about a mile beyond . When was the last time you saw Mitsou ? About 2 : 00 this morning . Oh , she came in with that friend of hers , that jalopy , and then she left around daylight . And you have no idea where she went ? No . I was in bed .
Stop worrying|I 'm sorry
THELMA : Alice . Alice .|The lieutenant would like to talk to you for a moment . Oh . All right .
I 'm gonna look you straight in the eye and ask you again .|No , and get some Binaca .
No , and get some Binaca .|Come on , big guy , work with me .
It 's not a problem for me But you could at least fuck somebody whose got some class George is dead end . What could he ever do for you ?|George knows who I am Do you know what that feels like ? To have somebody to look at you and know who you are and what you want It 's like waking up over and over again
George knows who I am Do you know what that feels like ? To have somebody to look at you and know who you are and what you want It 's like waking up over and over again|And ever sine mom died you pushed me aside I 've never pushed you aside I 've pushed you to the top
Sorry to barge in like this , Perry . How do you do , Miss Kamuri ?|Still tying up the loose ends of a suicide , lieutenant ? Well , as a matter of fact , it 's the loose ends of a homicide now . Oh ? That 's the reason I 've been looking for Miss Kamuri . Don 't tell me you suspect her of killing her uncle . Oh , well , you know me . I 'm apt to suspect anybody . Mitsou , what time did you enter your uncle 's store last night ? A few minutes before 12 . Who saw you enter ? The night watchman , Mr. Connors . We got hold of Connors , right after you talked to him . We also got hold of a couple of other witnesses . One followed Miss Kamuri to her uncle 's store and saw her enter at , uh , 10 : 55 . Edgar Beals ? The other one went into the store and heard Miss Kamuri quarrelling violently with her uncle . He left before the quarrel ended , but he was able to set the time . Almost exactly 11 : 00 .
No , I understand perfectly Roger|No , of course Of course !
You gotta leave You gotta go now . Come on Greg|No , I 'm staying
The hell I don 't . Get a job .|Why don 't you just beat me with a wire hanger ?
Why don 't you just beat me with a wire hanger ?|Y o , yo , my posse , check it out . In less than five minutes , yours truly is going to be on the 6 : 00 news . And without handcuffs .
Y o , yo , my posse , check it out . In less than five minutes , yours truly is going to be on the 6 : 00 news . And without handcuffs .|What , they use the old choke hold ? This I got to see .
Still tying up the loose ends of a suicide , lieutenant ? Well , as a matter of fact , it 's the loose ends of a homicide now . Oh ? That 's the reason I 've been looking for Miss Kamuri . Don 't tell me you suspect her of killing her uncle . Oh , well , you know me . I 'm apt to suspect anybody . Mitsou , what time did you enter your uncle 's store last night ? A few minutes before 12 . Who saw you enter ? The night watchman , Mr. Connors . We got hold of Connors , right after you talked to him . We also got hold of a couple of other witnesses . One followed Miss Kamuri to her uncle 's store and saw her enter at , uh , 10 : 55 . Edgar Beals ? The other one went into the store and heard Miss Kamuri quarrelling violently with her uncle . He left before the quarrel ended , but he was able to set the time . Almost exactly 11 : 00 .|I 'm sorry , Mr. Mason . It is true . I 'm sorry too , Miss Kamuri . But I 'm afraid you 'll have to come with me .
To die like that ? In the dark ...|No one knew
No , no , it was a peaceful protest .|Would even made Gandhi proud . Y ou know , except we went out for burgers afterwards .
Would even made Gandhi proud . Y ou know , except we went out for burgers afterwards .|Well , what were you protesting , Will ? Well , you know , the city wants to tear down the rec center on Pico ... so a couple of us got together , started a petition . Y ou know , we get enough signatures , we might be able to save it . So , when did you become so socially conscious ? Well , you know , I play ball down there , and plus it 's good for the community .
Well , what were you protesting , Will ? Well , you know , the city wants to tear down the rec center on Pico ... so a couple of us got together , started a petition . Y ou know , we get enough signatures , we might be able to save it . So , when did you become so socially conscious ? Well , you know , I play ball down there , and plus it 's good for the community .|And there 's also this girl down there on the swim team . She teaching me the breaststroke .
I don 't believe that mess . Y ou know , it 's the same thing every time they interview a black person on TV . They either singing or dancing . And they got curlers in their head or out of activator . Y ou know , Will , that really makes you think .|What 's activator ?
No . I ... I did quarrel with him that night . I was angry and hurt . I accuse him of lying about me . What did he say ? Nothing .|Was that an admission of guilt ? That 's what I thought at first . But then later , when the anger died , I knew he had somehow found me wanting and had closed the door of his personality to me ... and retired into silence . And then you went back ? To apologize . To beg forgiveness because I was ashamed .
Was that an admission of guilt ? That 's what I thought at first . But then later , when the anger died , I knew he had somehow found me wanting and had closed the door of his personality to me ... and retired into silence . And then you went back ? To apologize . To beg forgiveness because I was ashamed .|Only he was dead .
Sorry ? You 're sorry ? Is that what you 're going to say to those dead fucks ? Well you know what I am ? I 'm one of them Put the gun down ! Put the gun down or I 'll shoot I 'm one of them now ! Cmon ! Fuck you !|You put the gun down or I 'll shoot
Now , Mrs. Nichols , I show you this object and ask you if you can identify it for us . Yes . It 's my pearl case . And what about these ?|These are the cultured pearls that , uh , someone substituted for mine .
DNS earlier chapters ...|He was left alone outside the door . It was so small that ... I felt the need to take care of it and ... to protect it . I thought it would please you to be the mother of abandoned baby . Do not give me hope if you 're not sure to get there .
Or how about Roger Rabbit ? How did he get a babe like that ?|Y ou know , Carlton , you 're right . Life isn 't fair . Because if it was , then your legs wouldn 't be shorter than your arms .
Hey , good morning .|Hi , Carla , any calls ? Just another lonely white woman wanting to sleep with you .
Must I answer ? Unless it incriminates you . It does in a way , but I will answer . I offered to take the pearls back for Mitsou because I love her .|MASON : Thank you . That 'll be all .
Talk about missing the obvious .|Thanks , Will .
Oops !|I dropped my wallet . Could you get that for me , please ? Look , if your horny friend wants to meet Trevor , he 's down the hall to the right .
Mr. Burger ? Well , I don 't know quite what to believe , Your Honor . Your Honor , may I ask the witness one or two questions ? Go right ahead , Mr. Mason . Mr. Burger .|Uh , you helped Mr. Kamuri make up two matching strings of cultured pearls , did you not ? One quite recently , one two months ago . For whom were they made ? He did not tell me .
Uh , you helped Mr. Kamuri make up two matching strings of cultured pearls , did you not ? One quite recently , one two months ago . For whom were they made ? He did not tell me .|Uh , Mr. Nogata , on the day the most recent string of pearls was made up , did you see anyone in the store that now see here today in this court ?
Key ... of ... safe ...|This was key to my father .
Oh , no ! Where were you that night ? I was playing cards with Thelma all evening . Mr. Nichols was in San Francisco . How did you know that ? Because Thelma talked to him on the telephone . It was a few minutes past 11 , and he was , uh , in his apartment getting ready for bed .|Now , I want you to think this over very carefully before you answer , Miss Carson . Did Mrs. Nichols telephone her husband , or did he call her ? He called her . Thank you .
Marcos hid in his room .|Well !
I 'm talking about The Art of Negotiation ... and I 'll be glad to share my wisdom with you .|No , no , no . Last time you shared something with me ... I was on antibiotics for two weeks .
How does he make this discovery ?|I dunno . I still have not learned . And what do you expect ?
These beautiful legs ... learn to serve thee .|BOARDING TADUCTION , SUBTITLE AND CODING : Why are not you lying ? I 'm coming . Let me finish the DVD . This film is brilliant .
It is a civilization which is older and gentler than here . The quiet enjoyments are very important . That 's right . I think we hurry and rush things too much . Oh , I agree with that . But sometimes it pays to rush things a little , wouldn 't you say , Toma ? Well , I 'm for it . One very good thing that came out of this : Toma and Mitsou getting together . I know now that , uh , Grove was only courting me to defy his father .|PAUL : You know , Perry , I 'm surprised they haven 't come for you . Who ? Police . I was sure Burger would have done something about that arson business . Oh , he did do something . This arrived in the morning mail .
So , sweetheart , tell me about this Howard . Does he like cashmere ?|My man , Carlton . What 's up with this negotiating thing , man ?
My man , Carlton . What 's up with this negotiating thing , man ?|Hop on one foot and say , " Carlton is king . "
Even your nightmares ?|Come on , tell me .
PAUL : You know , Perry , I 'm surprised they haven 't come for you . Who ? Police . I was sure Burger would have done something about that arson business . Oh , he did do something . This arrived in the morning mail .|Heh ! What is it ?
Hi , Carla , any calls ?|All right , come on , man , let 's break . I 'm gonna demand to get on the air . Will , has all that hot sauce finally gone to your brain ?
All right , come on , man , let 's break . I 'm gonna demand to get on the air . Will , has all that hot sauce finally gone to your brain ?|Look , there 's a right way to negotiate and a wrong way .
Could I have your name and address , please ? What for ? To send you your pictures . I don 't want any . You don 't ? Well , what about your husband ? He doesn 't want any either . Now get out of my way .|Good luck .
Bryant Gumbel .|And I 'm Patti LaBelle .
Will , you gotta lie to get what you want . Didn 't you watch the Republican convention ?|Carlton , don 't make me come down there .
Five minutes to air , everybody .|Oh , Hilary , before you go on ... I 'm going to tell you the same thing I told Dan Rather .
And take that haybag out and shoot him . Now , Mr. Brant . Well , get him out of my sight .|I wanna talk to you , young lady .
Wow !|I know .
Come on , son . Look at me .|This is a nightmare .
Okay ?|You believe me capable of killing ?
You believe me capable of killing ?|No . But I want to dream it .
Is that what you think I 'm doing ?|Well , isn 't it ?
Dad would never do that .|You swear ?
Talk about a leader . Talk about a man that 's here to support his community .|Thank you , Howard .
Come .|I swear it really , really . Okay ?
Uh , suppose we meet again tomorrow . That might be too late .|Tonight ? Why not ?
I can think of Mom ?|I 'd like to dream ... Mom is back with us .
Uncle Phil saw the news and he threatened to kill me in my sleep .|That 's nice .
Yeah . Why not ?|No time like the present .
So , you mean you 're not mad at me for messing up your first day ? Of course not . I mean , if it weren 't for you , I wouldn 't have got the job in the first place .|Thanks a lot , Hil . I 'm proud of you . Y ou know , I 'm kind of proud of myself . For the first time I feel like I know what it means to be an independent woman .
You want me to go out first ?|Mrs. Brant .
Key .|You know what that means ?
You know what that means ?|It was perhaps killed for what 's inside .
What are your plans today , Dad ? Anything out of the house ? Oh , okay , I know when I 'm in the way . Dad , sorry , it 's just that they gave me time off work to study at home so I wouldn 't have any interruptions . Got it , got it . Don 't need a kick in the Chiclets .|Can I eat this green stuff in the tinfoil ?
What I said still goes , Mr. Brant .|You 'd walk ... for that girl ?
It 's the same for everyone . Fifteen out of 20 correct answers are required to pass . Please . Let 's make it sporting . Shall we say , 18 out of 20 ? No .|Take the test over there . You have 20 minutes . Twenty minutes . I hope I can finish .
No , sir .|Get out of here .
Get out of here .|You 're a lawyer . Take me to court .
You 're a lawyer . Take me to court .|All right , Mr. Brant .
I thank you worry about me , but ... I can organize myself perfectly . Yes , yes . I see it .|You should at least find someone to help you .
You should at least find someone to help you .|Because ... I do not see you leave it in the loving hands of Noiret .
No . That 's how it works .|As long as I have them , you pay . If thou hast well regarded , you 'll know what I 'm capable of . You play with fire . That 's true . I know what you 're capable of . But you got no idea how far I can go .
As long as I have them , you pay . If thou hast well regarded , you 'll know what I 'm capable of . You play with fire . That 's true . I know what you 're capable of . But you got no idea how far I can go .|So ?
So ?|A cat ate your tongue ? I 'll call you and tell you when and where you give me fifty thousand euros missing .
Better send that bolt to the lab . I don 't get it , lieutenant . Look . Look here .|Bolt 's here .
I already own it you 're not the thimble and you rolled a five .|Okay , Scrabble .
Bolt 's here .|The body was here . Now ... how could a cripple in a wheelchair reach over and lock himself in ?
No , silly . The bees make honey . It 's sheep 's milk . It 's good !|My brother says there is phosphorus and it 's good for the quotients . And also for digestion .
Come in , Paul . Hi , Perry .|Miss Blanchard , this is Paul Drake . How do you do , Miss Blanchard ? Paul , do you know anything of a man named John Brant ? Well , just what I heard on the 9 : 00 news . Don 't tell me you 're defending the horse ? That 's exactly what I 'm doing . I want a complete rundown on everyone on the Brant ranch , particularly Mrs. Brant , and why she 's so determined to destroy a horse of such potential value . That 's a pretty big order . Oh , that 's not all . I want to know what the police are doing about Brant 's death . If Homicide is handling it . That one I can answer now . I was gonna have lunch with Sergeant Grimes . He called it off because Tragg put him and a half a dozen others on Homicide on the case . Then , there 's a possibility it was murder ? And I hope not , Jo Ann .
Miss Blanchard , this is Paul Drake . How do you do , Miss Blanchard ? Paul , do you know anything of a man named John Brant ? Well , just what I heard on the 9 : 00 news . Don 't tell me you 're defending the horse ? That 's exactly what I 'm doing . I want a complete rundown on everyone on the Brant ranch , particularly Mrs. Brant , and why she 's so determined to destroy a horse of such potential value . That 's a pretty big order . Oh , that 's not all . I want to know what the police are doing about Brant 's death . If Homicide is handling it . That one I can answer now . I was gonna have lunch with Sergeant Grimes . He called it off because Tragg put him and a half a dozen others on Homicide on the case . Then , there 's a possibility it was murder ? And I hope not , Jo Ann .|Clara ... what 's all this about getting rid of Spindrift ? Why shouldn 't I ? But that 's insane . I realize you have to play the brokenhearted widow , but to kill him to do it ... Well ... Have you any idea what that horse is worth ? We 'll have enough . Think what it 'll do to Jo Ann . She 's raised him from a colt . It 's too late to think about that .
Hey , you had fun at the Jets game , didn 't you ? Yeah .|Did you have fun in jail ?
And speak slowly , he must make his nap .|Elsa babies were not dead ?
So , what about the Rangers game ?|We can go in the locker room after . You can meet French guys with no teeth .
Hey , come on , Doug . Pick it up , Doug . Can you pick it up ? Pick it up , man . Pick up . Pick up , pick up , pick up .|That 's my Dougie .
Your witness . No questions .|Now , I show you this bolt , previously identified as having come from the horse 's stall , and marked for the people Exhibit C , and I ask if you subjected it to exhaustive fingerprint examination in the police crime laboratory ? Yes , sir . What did you find ? Prints left by two persons . One proved to be a Peter White . And the others ? The defendant , Miss Blanchard .
Please . Stay a while with Samuel . And watch it . I 'll be right back .|Hello , Samuel ! I 'm Evelyn . She is Paula . You 're happy to be here at the boarding school ?
Now , lieutenant ... is this the jack handle that you found under the seat in the defendant 's car ? Yes , sir . It has my identification mark on it right there . Thank you . If it please the court , I should like this jack handle entered as People 's Exhibit G. JUDGE : Mr. Mason ? No objection , Your Honor . Very well , Mr. Burger . Thank you , Your Honor .|Now , lieutenant , you testified that there were bloodstains on the jack handle . How were you able to determine that the stains were blood ? The jack handle was tested in the laboratory . And what were the results of those tests ? Human blood , type O. Were tests also run on the decedent ? TRAGG : Human blood , type O.
You like steaks ? I can send you some nice Angus steaks .|Oh , you mean like those ones from Omaha ? Yeah . Yeah , yeah . They pack them in dry ice . They 're delicious .
Mr. Tea ? I pity the fool who don 't have a cup of this .|You get it ? The guy with the Mohawk and the chains ?
What are you doing ? Move over ! Who told you to take it ?|What did you do ? Look in what state it is !
You get it ? The guy with the Mohawk and the chains ?|Alrighty . Never mind . Anyway , this is just my way of apologizing for being in your hair all week . Oh , you 've been fine , Dad . Hey , I know what you 'd like with that tea . A nice wedge of fresh lemon .
Keep this child more ! Understood ?|Where you been ? You were not supposed to take care of the baby ?
Your witness .|Mr. Mason .
Good mother ...|He was hungry .
Perry , what about Pop Abbott 's confession ? You think he did that to help Jo Ann ? If he was just trying to confuse things , I think by now Tragg and Burger have found a dozen holes in his story .|Come in , Paul . I 'm out of breath , but I 'm here . And the news isn 't very good . No ? I talked with the minister and both witnesses . They say the marriage was strictly on the level , and the descriptions tally exactly . The only unusual thing was that the Brants refused to buy a wedding picture a photographer took right outside the chapel . Of course , that isn 't necessarily out of line in a secret marriage . What about the license application ? Mm , took some doing , but I got a Photostat of it .
How 's your neck ? Any better ? Yeah , a little bit . I still can 't believe you slipped getting off of a bus .|It 's that first step . It was wet .
Doug , what 's gotten you so worked up ? Your father .|Okay .
Person .|How ?
Okay , not Sal 's . Then from where ? A little neighbourhood joint called Domino 's .|Domino 's ?
Certainly isn 't the hand of an old man .|You don 't think it 's Mr. Brant 's ? No .
Thanks .|So is it ready ? Oh , yes . You know , this is quite an unusual ring . Where did you purchase it ? Actually , my husband bought it . He ...
You don 't think it 's Mr. Brant 's ? No .|I think it 's someone very adept at the art of makeup .
This is for Amelia .|For Amelia ?
For Amelia ?|Ah ...
As well she should . You know , an engagement ring is supposed to be a symbol of a man 's lifelong devotion to his wife . Yeah , well , today it 's looking like a big bag of money .|Think about it , Moose . With all that scratch , you could buy something you really been wanting .
I 'm sure that if I were , you 'd have the police with you .|Perhaps you 're right .
You lose the ball . There . Marcos , Amelia makes strange things .|But you do not want to see .
But not for anything less than 50 . Right , like if he said to me , you know , " Hey , I 'll give you 25 . " Right . Right . No . No .|I don 't know , like , 25 is like a new car . Yeah .
I don 't know , like , 25 is like a new car . Yeah .|You know , but he only offered 12 . So , you know , just ... That 's it . Actually , he called and he upped it to 13 .
 |Now , Mrs. Brant ... you told us of your life at the ranch and your growing regard for Mr. Brant , but haven 't you left out the name of a very important person ? The name of Terrance Blanchard ?
Terrible .|You 're pathetic .
You 're pathetic .|If you 're wrong ? If it is near you to use you ?
If you 're wrong ? If it is near you to use you ?|I 'll tell you one last time that you get it .
You okay ? Yeah , I 'm just looking at it one last time .|Pass interference , number 33 . First down , eight remaining . Should we go ? Why ? Aren 't you having a good time ? Doug , the Jets are getting reamed and it 's 2 degrees out . Oh , let 's just stay a little bit longer , all right ? Come on , please , please , please . Come on , please . It 's freezing . Why on earth do you wanna stay ?
Pass interference , number 33 . First down , eight remaining . Should we go ? Why ? Aren 't you having a good time ? Doug , the Jets are getting reamed and it 's 2 degrees out . Oh , let 's just stay a little bit longer , all right ? Come on , please , please , please . Come on , please . It 's freezing . Why on earth do you wanna stay ?|I 'm trying to work up the courage to ...
Very good .|So she will not come at 9 am with swings .
Uh . Well , after I cashed the two checks ... I celebrated . Where ? Some places up on the Sunset Strip .|And after you finished celebrating ?
No .|Let 's stay .
Bye , Donna . Bye . Thatcher .|Good evening , Mr. Thatcher . Good evening .
The very best there is . I think I 'd like a drink . Straight .|Well , what do you say ? How do you like it ?
Look at her , Mom .|She was in the drawer Dad 's office . You see ?
Hitler . Wings . Leave Hitler . Can 't . Gotta see all the choices . Cheetah killing a zebra . Oh , cheetah killing a cheetah .|He 's not killing him .
Well , what do you say ? How do you like it ?|Look .
Hey , honey , what you doing ? Enjoying my new satellite dish . Well , I got the hot tub ready for action . You wanna go break her in ?|Yeah . Maybe it will help me get rid of my blinding headache .
Go play .|Dinner is ready . He killed three people .
The water 's fine .|Arthur , why the hell is it so hot in here ? Yeah , Dad . It 's 109 . Hey , it 's much healthier when it 's hot . Cleans out your pores . You can 't tell , but I 'm sweating like a pig right now .
Look .|Oh , that stupid decorator .
I 'm glad you see it my way , H.W. I 'll have someone arrange the payment . You 'll arrange it yourself , Frank . You killed the man , didn 't you ?|Yes , sir .
If my father was killed for what 's in that box , it should recover .|It is 11 hours . Rushing , one arrives before the closing . You forgot ?
All right , it was much higher . It was more , " Oh , my God ! "|Oh , my God ! No , you gotta drag out the " God . " God !
How we go out ? We are watching .|In addition , you and I are on file . So , no .
In addition , you and I are on file . So , no .|That 's because you got scared . No . This is because you think about it .
Oh , my God ! No , you gotta drag out the " God . " God !|God ! Like that ? Yeah , it 's fine . Whatever .
It 's not working , is it ?|I understand , yup . Okay , thank you . Yup . Bye .
MAN : Hello , sir .|It 's me , the clerk .
You know the spot a public servant 's in , Perry . Hamilton , I understand .|Why did Paul have to get mixed up in a thing like this in the first place ?
Paul , did you start the fight ? No . But it 's not because I didn 't want to . And after it was started ... he ... hit you with something . Knocked you out . What time was that ? About 7 : 15 . And from then until 7 : 30 , you didn 't see or remember a thing ?|There 's only 15 minutes there . Fifteen minutes for someone to ... walk in , take advantage of the situation , murder Thatcher and walk out again . Well , until I can try to push a few people into showing their hands , just deny that you killed him .
Perry . Isn 't there anything else you want to ask me ?|Mm . Paul ... the only real doubt I have about you is what you 're gonna say when you see my bill . Talk to you later . Okay .
We didn 't know that you were expecting to go out tonight . Well , just a lifetime of habit , I suppose . Friday night , big night .|Well , anyway , you kids have fun . I 'm gonna head back down and see if I can 't get that heater to stop leaking methane gas once and for all .
Yeah . Yeah , I called ' em , if that 's what you mean .|Yes , sir . They know Frank ran into that guy , all right . I guess that 's what that private detective was , uh , maybe blackmailing Frank about .
Tell him that this is not an excuse .|To appear tomorrow without the exercises .
That 's what I 'm gonna have to do from now on anyway .|I suppose you know all about Frank and me . The whole world seems to know . I don 't know as much as I 'd like to know . Well , there 's nothing to be ashamed of .
I suppose you know all about Frank and me . The whole world seems to know . I don 't know as much as I 'd like to know . Well , there 's nothing to be ashamed of .|I 'm sorry , there 's really very little that I can tell you to help . How long have you known Frank Thatcher ? Nine years .
But I woke up soaked . It 's going to happen . That will not happen for two reasons . First , unicorns do not exist . Then they do not fly .|Go , go to class .
The doctor arrives .|What has happened to it , sweetie ?
You are very busy , you have a lot of responsibility with the school .|You should delegate .
All right , who 's not in ? You know , I think I better be going . I have something in my eye . Could you cash me in ? Cash me in , Scooter !|Take it easy .
No , sir . I didn 't see one single , solitary penny .|But Mr. Drake did tell you about the money , didn 't he ? 'Course . Even acted like he was gonna hand it right out . But he didn 't ? MRS. COLIN : No . BURGER : Why not ? What happened ? Well , after I told him about Alex , he seemed to get some other idea . He just upped and left . And that was the last you saw of Paul Drake , is that correct ? Sure was . Him and the money too .
Mr. Anders ... what did you do with those magazines you went out to buy ? I beg pardon ? Well , didn 't you sit down behind your desk and begin to read some of them ? No , sir . Between 7 and 7 : 30 , the owner of the building often drops by . I find it best to remain quite alert . Just answer the questions , please . Yes , sir . Now , I believe you said that when you objected to Mr. Drake looking at the names on the switchboard , he just shoved you back . He did . And you in no way provoked him ? Absolutely not !|I pride myself on getting along with everybody . You married , Mr. Anders ? Have been . How many times ?
Let me know , you go faster . No , it 'll be like that . You do not trust ?|I trust .
Nobody squeals like Ned Beatty .|Scoots , I 'm glad you 're here . I got three words for you : Working dude ranch .
Of course I trust .|Here , take it .
Your witness .|Uh , no questions .
PAPERBOY : Get your late paper . Private eye on trial . Boy , paper . Here you are , Mr. Anders . There he is . Talk to him . Just keep his attention for awhile . Okay .|Thank you , Mr. Anders . Excuse me . Can you tell me anything about these apartments ? Late paper . Wish me luck . PAPERBOY : Private eye on trial .
Oh , guess what . There 's this really famous cello player from China , Li Fong something . Anyway , he 's throwing a big concert next week in the city , and the firm got all these tickets , and Evan gave his to me . So if you play your cards right , I 'll let you go with me . There 's always room for cello .|You call him Evan , huh ? Your boss . You just call him Evan ? Well , that 's his name . No , no , I know , I know . I mean ... It 's just that , you know , my boss has been there six years , and it 's still " Supervisor O 'Boyle . "
They are too slow .|Why not have gone to the hospital ?
Honey , if he didn 't drive me home , how else would we have sex in his car ?|That 's not funny .
I have no questions , uh ... concerning the fractured jaw . However , lieutenant , in your examination of the murder apartment , you must have taken note of the phonograph record .|Record ? The one Officer Wilson stated was playing when he entered the room .
I don 't know how it got there .|Miss Kress ... who had keys to that apartment ? DONNA : Well , Frank , and , um ... Didn 't you have one ? Yes . Now , the apartment house clerk stated that he was out for a while , buying magazines . Isn 't it true that you could have entered the apartment at that time without being seen ? No . Why not ? You stated in your own testimony that you left the band rehearsal right after Frank Thatcher , who planned to stop on his way to the apartment to make some telephone calls . So there would have been plenty of time for you to have reached the apartment ahead of him . But I didn 't . Weren 't you in that apartment when Thatcher and Paul Drake arrived ? No . And didn 't you slip into the next room , overhear their fight , and take advantage of the opportunity to murder Frank Thatcher ? No , no ! And weren 't you then almost trapped ... until you discovered the pay phone in the service room at the end of the hall ?
And wasn 't that where the outside call came from ? The call that sent the clerk after the police ?|No .
She is very sensitive . She did not surmount . But how ... can not it not that the baby died ? I can solve it very quickly .|I am expecting a baby . You can have it without problem .
Donne .|Happy birthday .
But , like , a harder cheese , like a Stilton or an aged Gorgonzola . Absolutely .|Could you make a VCR out of crackers ? For God 's sake , you 're missing the point . If you went to the trouble of making a TV out of cheese , you 'd have to make a commitment not to eat it . Then why would you make it out of cheese in the first place ?
You 're realizing that Carrie is immersed in a seductive world full of bright , dynamic people , a world you can 't possibly compete with . And that frightens the hell out of you .|Yeah , that 's it .
I just wish I could have killed him ten times !|There you are , sir . A very small token , I grant you . This what you wanted to see me about ? Of course it is . And I 'm sending a bigger one to Paul Drake . Do you realize how foolish I feel ? After all my efforts to steer the course of events . You very nearly steered them into causing a great injustice . Marsden might have confessed earlier , if he hadn 't seen that you were helping to cover everything up . Oh , I 'm sorry . I thought it was necessary .
I want no other .|If you and the kitchen boy you do ... I told Toni that he has the door open .
If you and the kitchen boy you do ... I told Toni that he has the door open .|No , no . Do not even try .
You 'll have to tell me how this thing works . Oh , it 's simple . All you do is flip this forward to start it and flip it back to stop it .|It will pick up everything he says , won 't it ? It 'll pick up everything this guy thinks .
Sure . All right , now be honest .|When I first married Carrie , was there a small part of you that felt that maybe , I don 't know , that I wasn 't good enough for her ?
Should I get the car ?|No .
You could see his foot . He kicked .|Yes , of course . Obviously . Sit there . I leave you alone . Kiss your wife . 'll Have dinner together . Go .
" Parking meters in Los Angeles have received " their share of slugs , washers and other objects " designed to steal an hour 's free parking from the city . " This morning , however , the traffic department " found gold in a Westside meter . " An old English coin which can be claimed upon identification . " There 's a very good chance that coin might be mine .|Coin has a connection with the murder ? I knew Miss Welles . The woman that was murdered . I was in her apartment last night . I might have dropped the coin there .
Hi . Are you the young lady who claimed the Quarter Noble ? That 's right . Come on in . Thank you .|MAN : I 've been waiting for you .
Encore ! Encore !|Doug , are you coming , or what ? I don 't wanna come . I wanna sit here and keep thinking about what an idiot I 've been . Well , then I 'd give you another few hours , but they 're closing the parking garage .
Really , you can 't ?|No . Then why do you scream when I touch you ?
That 's it . Let 's see .|That 's it ?
Because I 'm sleeping . I 'm startled .|I love you .
Well , Mr. Vanaman , when you came to see me earlier today , you said it was to arrange for the recovery of a coin . Also to ... handle things for me if it was necessary . But you knew it would be necessary . I thought it might . You also told me that Sylvia Welles was alive when you left her apartment .|She was ... the first time . Then I went back when I discovered I 'd lost the coin . She didn 't answer the door . And ... ?
She was ... the first time . Then I went back when I discovered I 'd lost the coin . She didn 't answer the door . And ... ?|Well , the peephole in the door was open a crack , I saw a light ... so I went in .
At Fred 's house . Fred Petrie .|Well , if she was a friend of his and had a quarter of a million dollars to invest , why didn 't she let him handle it for her ?
Oh , and here we go . I think you know what these are .|Your photo albums . I 've seen those . A lot .
Well , if she was a friend of his and had a quarter of a million dollars to invest , why didn 't she let him handle it for her ?|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|And Paul Drake told me that you 'd been booked , otherwise I wouldn 't have known you were here . Didn 't Lieutenant Tragg allow you to make a phone call ? Yes , he did . I called someone else . Who ? Henry Noble .
Honey ?|We 're out of jerky . Oh , you 're right . I am so sorry . Why don 't you come have a seat right there ... Sit right there , and I 'm gonna go do something else .
If not love children , why did you steal ?|In fact , Elsa was found in a basket before boarding .
No wonder we couldn 't find her .|Yes , Gertie ?
You know , it 's funny . All the women in that family start out thin , and then just blow up .|Must be the genes .
Mr. Eliot Hale in the outer office .|Have him come in . Be right out . Well , I 've got some work to do . Thanks , Paul .
Honey , funny thing at the office today . Somebody shoves a birthday card in front of me and says , " We 're all signing it , it 's for Chris . " I 'm thinking it 's Chris , the kid who runs the copy machine , so I write , " Happy birthday to the sexiest thing in the office " , right ? Turns out , that it 's for Christine , the senior partner .|So either I 'm fired or I got a new girlfriend .
Mr. Hale . Won 't you sit down ? Thank you . Now , what can I do for you ? Mr. Mason ... you represent the man I believe murdered Sylvia Welles .|Now , the only reason I went to all that trouble with the gold coin was , well , I promised myself that I would bring her murderer to justice , if it was within my power . Why the intense interest in all this , Mr. Hale ? She was a lady , Mr. Mason . That may well be ... but , you know , you may have made quite a mistake in believing the murderer to be Mr. Vanaman . Well that 's why I 'm here . Della . You see , a woman called on me today . She asked me if the police had found any recording tapes in Miss Welle " apartment . And you told her what ? Well , that I didn 't know . They had found evidence of microphones . That all she wanted to know ? No . Then she asked me if I knew who could have installed them . Did you ? No .
Whatever .|Hey , what are you doing ? I thought I 'd pick you up , carry you over to the bed . It 's romantic . Okay .
Guys , I saw Amelia out of the car Noiret .|Yeah . At 3 o 'clock in the morning . You forgot to specify .
She will be ... to prevent us from seeing the cop and kill us all .|Is not it , Carol ?
Not yet .|All right . There you go . Hey , that was great . I 'm gonna go watch the news , okay ?
No . I have an appointment .|No , I am sorry , Mr. Mason .
That 's what you think .|Novoa Mochales to you .
Don 't scream . What ? I was just thinking . You know what ? You 're right . I shouldn 't have eaten that coffee cake , you know ?|I 'm so fat , you know ? I just really need to lose some weight .
Metatarsal ? What is it ?|The big toe .
Well , you see , we had two mikes going . Oh , he accused her of blackmail and extortion , and , uh , how she couldn 't get away with it . And how there were certain measures she could take .|VANAMAN : A microphone ...
Yeah , you know , I feel bloated , you know ? Very disgusting right now , and I just really feel , if we went on a diet , that it 'd really do the trick .|And is there a reason you keep saying " we " ? Yeah , it 's just like : " We 're on a diet ! "
Something special . Just for Miss Welles . I didn 't mind . I wouldn 't never have minded .|Thank you , Mr. Hale . That will be all . JUDGE : Step down , Mr. Hale . Lieutenant Tragg , please .
Lean morning . I see that you organize yourself well . You have nothing else to do ?|Samuel 's parents . Elsa you stole it . Come and save him .
Samuel 's parents . Elsa you stole it . Come and save him .|What 's this ? We know that Samuel wants to be your son 's legal !
Hey , what do you got there ? Three ounces of poached haddock . Nice . We 're dining in style tonight , huh ?|Greetings , one and all . Sorry I 'm late , but I was going through those boxes and found my old little black book .
I should give that little hottie a call .|I wonder if she 's still at Klondike 50197 . Maybe after dinner you can ask Myrtle to patch you through .
Conners said he left the apartment at 9 : 30 , and Sylvia Welles was still alive . If he 's lying , he killed her . If he 's telling the truth , then the time between 9 : 30 and 10 : 05 will be clear with you and your wife .|No . No ? When Richard got home , I wasn 't there .
If I see one of these papers in school , you will be punished at least until the tray . Understood ?|Go .
Go .|Poor Samuel . It is more wicked than Snow White .
Actually , you could lose a few pounds .|Well , I intend to , okay ? I 'll tell you that right now . I 'm gonna fix myself a nice plate right here . Good hunk of haddock , some veggies , and I am golden .
There is plenty to celebrate .|You gonna tell me that you won the lottery ?
Uh , Mrs. Petrie ... where were you between the hours of 9 : 30 and 10 : 10 on the night of October 26 ? At home . MASON : Were you alone ? DORIS : No , with my husband .|Did , uh , anyone call ? Anyone who could 've verified the fact that you and your husband were at home during that time ? No . What does your husband do , Mrs. Petrie ? He 's an investment broker . He works for Noble and Company , just as Mr. Vanaman did . As a matter of fact , there existed a kind of rivalry between the two of them for an executive promotion ? That 's right . And Mrs. Petrie ... do you know one reason why Sylvia Welles would have had a tape recording made of her conversation with Mr. Vanaman ? No . No ?
My son wished me happy birthday ! Good . So it 's really a good reason to celebrate . And what did you expected ?|I 'm not going to end up in a cave full of muscular type ?
No . I booked the restaurant Gregory where , it seems , we dined very well , a table for two near the fireplace . Yes ...|And after dinner in the moonlight ... you ask me to marry him ... and we shall live happily ever after .
No . And isn 't it true that the scheme didn 't work . That Richard Vanaman 's interest in Sylvia Welles was only that of a client ?|I wouldn 't know . And then , didn 't you arrange with Sylvia to hire a technician and wiretap the apartment ... instructing him to cut and splice the tape so that certain words and phrases would have an entirely different meaning ?
No . No . I didn 't kill her . And you didn 't know Mr. Conners ? No !|Your Honor , I think we can establish the truth here if I may recall Mr. Eliot Hale . Any , uh , objection from the prosecution ?
Your Honor , I think we can establish the truth here if I may recall Mr. Eliot Hale . Any , uh , objection from the prosecution ?|I have no objection , Your Honor . Mr. Hale to the stand , please . You may step down , Mrs. Petrie .
Now about 9 : 00 on the evening of the murder , perhaps a little later , a woman entered your building , crossed to the elevator , and went up to the third floor . Yes , sir . I spoke to this woman , Mr. Hale . When I asked her if you had noticed her , she said no . Well , that 's true . I don 't recall noticing a stranger . She said you must have stepped away , because she didn 't see you there at your desk . Arriving on the third floor , the woman said she came out of the elevator , she saw a man standing in front of Miss Welles ' door , apparently listening to something that was going on inside her room . Oh ? Was that you in front of the door , Mr. Hale ? No , Mr. Mason . How could I be listening to something out in the hallway ? Those doors are solid . What about the peephole , Mr. Hale ? You testified that when you brought the paper up at 10 minutes after 10 , the peephole was open . You couldn 't see very much , but you could hear her splendidly , couldn 't you ? But why would I be listening ?|Your Honor ... I would like the first part of this tape recording , Exhibit D , played at this time .
What would make you feel better if someone told you you 'd gained a couple pounds ?|Oh , my God . You called me all the way down here just to tell me I look fat ?
The woman with whom you were so in love ... had revealed feet of clay .|And so you waited your chance .
Yeah .|Even if ...
No ! Okay , look , Doug , saying that you 've gained weight is the worst thing you could say to a woman . It 's like , you know , what if Carrie told you that sometimes you didn 't satisfy her sexually ?|Did she say that ?
No .|Why did you pause ?
I used to think of her as an angel .|But then she ...
Lucas , we must speak .|Do not ever say that my dreams will not materialize . They come true ! Son , forgive me . That of the unicorn came true , but ... your nightmare no sense !
Now I 'm even fatter , and we have no holiday dessert .|Oh , honey . You got out your wedding dress . You were right . I couldn 't even zip it up . I 'm just a big , fat fatty .
Oh . Not that I killed my mother .|But I did kill Sylvia Welles .
You just can 't reach the zipper . Here , let me .|Okay , inhale a little .
There is a pool of blood on the floor of the chamber .|Which room ? Ours ?
Douglas , a little advice : Wear a slip with that .|What a night , huh ? Some Chinese food , followed by some good deli , followed by some good loving with the most beautiful girl I know . Oh , honey , that 's sweet .
You buried the screwdriver ? So that you can not find it .|But it was unearthed . We made it to Toni .
Damn ! It happens quickly , this type .|Stop ! Stop , damn !
Oh , man . Yeah , I got home from acting class , and Dad told me she 'd had a heart attack .|What a shock , huh ? Yeah , I know , isn 't it ?
It is no coincidence .|So the company Ottox is supervised .
So the company Ottox is supervised .|If it was true .
Yeah , you ! I guess my wife 's dropping dead 's made you pretty hungry , huh ? Well , that 's it , I 'm cutting you off ! Doug , let 's get his ham !|God , a retirement home ? I don 't know , Carrie , is it , like , evil of us to do that to him ? Will you stop ? We talked about this . It 's the best thing . I know , but don 't those places sometimes do you know , experiments on old people , you know , like testing perfume in their eyes , or making them run mazes ?
What are you holding ? Oh , this is some guy 's ham , and this is his wife 's potato salad .|Thanks for everything , padre . You did a great job . Here , go get yourself an egg cream . Dad ? Sara and I really need to talk to you about something . What is it , darling ? Well , now that Tessie 's gone , things are probably gonna change quite a bit . Yeah , and you know , Dad , I was thinking , maybe I should just get out of your way around here . In fact , Doug and Carrie agreed to let me stay with them until I can afford my own place . Well , that 's just fine , sweetheart . Now I can turn your room into a little greenhouse , grow some stuff to help my glaucoma .
Security is unassailable .|You can do anything ?
Thanks for everything , padre . You did a great job . Here , go get yourself an egg cream . Dad ? Sara and I really need to talk to you about something . What is it , darling ? Well , now that Tessie 's gone , things are probably gonna change quite a bit . Yeah , and you know , Dad , I was thinking , maybe I should just get out of your way around here . In fact , Doug and Carrie agreed to let me stay with them until I can afford my own place . Well , that 's just fine , sweetheart . Now I can turn your room into a little greenhouse , grow some stuff to help my glaucoma .|Dad , actually , you know , there 's more .
Della . Mm .|MAN : Hello ? Hello , Mr. Stassi ? Uh , who is this , please ? Perry Mason calling . Is Mr. Stassi there ? Oh , yes . He 's here , all right . In body , if not in spirit . Who is this ?
MAN : Hello ? Hello , Mr. Stassi ? Uh , who is this , please ? Perry Mason calling . Is Mr. Stassi there ? Oh , yes . He 's here , all right . In body , if not in spirit . Who is this ?|Why , this is Homicide , Della . Lieutenant Tragg .
Oh , Mr. Mason . I 'm Sergeant Macready , remember ? Yes , sergeant , I remember . Uh , Lieutenant Tragg wanted to see Mr. Dunbar right away . Well , lieutenant 's busy inside the house . Be just a minute . Lisa .|What are you doing here ? I didn 't kill him , Wally . Honestly , I didn 't kill him . Traffic detail picked her up downtown about 3 a.m. Suspicion , drunk driving . She gave the name Rick Stassi . Said he 'd vouch that she 'd only had a couple . I just said it , that 's all . It 's the first thing that came to me . Only when they got around to checking Stassi , the milkman had already been here . Found him dead .
They 've apparently had her there for quite a few hours . And , uh , now , he says they 're booking her for the murder .|Kitty . Why did you go to Rick Stassi 's house ?
By the way , honey , if you want , I can take a personal day from work tomorrow , we can check out some of those retirement places . There 's a nice one I deliver to , right off of Queens Boulevard .|They have very good macaroni and cheese .
They have very good macaroni and cheese .|Hey , what 's the matter ?
Damn . Julia and unresponsive ... . It is something happened .|You worry a lot for the ghost hunter .
I mean , he 's my father . Car , I know how you feel , but you gotta be realistic . There 's no alternative . Well , there is one alternative .|Euthanasia ?
Why ?|A person usually stands and calls out . Well , I did at first , but ... Well , you see , Rick had been hinting around the past few days . I didn 't know whether he told Wally things that weren 't true or what . That 's why I went out there . I just had to see him .
Vicky , you either ?|Carol , stop your traps .
Please , Mr. Mason . When you see Wally , will you explain ? Let 's go back to the desk and those things you took out of it . What did you do with them ?|I took them home and burned them up in the fireplace .
Oh , God .|He can live here , it 's okay . Oh , honey , are you sure ? Yeah , this room 's stupid anyway .
All right , Kitty ... let 's come back to something else .|You know that the ... Dunbar fashion designs were being stolen , don 't you ? Yes . And you know that the work sketches of those designs were found in a suitcase you 'd been carrying ?
That 's all you have to say ?|Fermin , I know that lately , it was not terrible .
You wanna ...|Okay , honey , I 'm out .
Hm .|The trouble with fashions is the , uh , people who wear them . Hm . Is she a friend , or someone you 've been doing business with ? No , no . No business . No , sir . But I can tell you this . I happen to know that Madge Wainwright was fired by Wally Dunbar 's father once . And for suspicion of theft too . Mr. Atley ... I 'm interested as to why you 've just seen your lawyers . I ask because I represent Miss Kitty Wynne . She 's being held on suspicion of murder .
Oh , God , finally .|Sara 's out on a date , Dad 's nailed into the basement for the night , so it 's just you and me , Doug , if that is your real name .
Now , how can I answer a question like that ? Mr. Atley ... these are Dunbar work sketches completed just yesterday .|I notice , in several cases , the slightest differences between them and the sketches in your ads .
I notice , in several cases , the slightest differences between them and the sketches in your ads .|Now , apparently , a woman named Lisa Ferrand was often responsible for the final Dunbar designs . At least , she often added touches to Rick Stassi 's work . Your designs don 't seem to have had the benefit of those touches . All right , what of it ? Well , it makes me wonder if you didn 't get these designs from Rick Stassi himself . He was the only person who wouldn 't have really needed to ... steal those designs , since he had the designs in his own head .
Why ?|It had to happen sooner or later .
I guess you 're right .|Wait . Top half of a movie is all you need ? What the hell does that mean ?
Thank you .|Great . Now I gotta pee .
Thank you , Mr. Atley .|How do you suppose those sketches got into Kitty 's suitcase ? Well , I 'd say that Mr. Stassi put them there . Tsk . Small wonder he was murdered . Oh , but I 'm so relieved she 's apparently telling you the truth .
I think that 's all , Mrs. Wainwright . Thank you . Your witness .|Mrs. Wainwright ... were there other girls at Dunbar that you would call attractive ? Yes , all of them were ... one way or another .
You 're very attractive yourself , Mrs. Wainwright . Thank you . Did he give you special attention ? For ... how long ?|Thank you . That 'll be all .
Thank you . That 'll be all .|I could hear them talking in Rick 's office , but I wasn 't sure of what they were saying . And then I heard Kitty shout , " Let me go ! " And I heard her say , " I hate you . I could kill you . " And this was the afternoon of the day he was murdered ? Yes . Thank you , Miss Lacoste . Your witness . MASON : Uh , no questions . You may step down . I 'm sorry , Kitty .
And I can not train with me .|Your place is here with your son .
You 're not afraid of many things , are you , Megan ? Snakes . Oh , and sharks . But mainly just those two things . Oh , and terrorism . So snakes , sharks and terrorism . Relax . Deborah already warned me that you were ... quirky .|So have you always lived here ? Oh , no , no , no . I snatched up this property about six years ago when I was going through my real estate phase . I grew up in Hancock , Maine . That 's where I met my husband . Small town girl marries high school sweetheart . Oh , I love that story .
So have you always lived here ? Oh , no , no , no . I snatched up this property about six years ago when I was going through my real estate phase . I grew up in Hancock , Maine . That 's where I met my husband . Small town girl marries high school sweetheart . Oh , I love that story .|Yes , it is a good one . Right up until the part when I lost him to cancer . We 'd only been married for a few years at that point . My daughter never even got to know him . You have a daughter ? Had . She and her husband were killed in a plane crash 10 years ago .
I dabble in everything . But I only commit to things that truly matter . Which brings me to why you 're here . My dear husband left me a small cosmetics company , which I turned into a large cosmetics empire . My daughter left me two grandchildren , Rose and Sage . Beautiful names , excellent spices .|It 's like I have tourettes . They 're delightful teenagers . Strong wills and good hearts . But their grades are lousy . They need a proper tutor , someone who can keep their GPA up and ultimately land them two spots at Duke .
Is it yours ? Can you tell ? Well ? Mr. Mason ?|I have no questions of this witness .
It must be the toilet . So ... I 'll try and give him . Thank you .|You go to bed so early ?
Try not to drool on the table , honey . It 's from France .|Ah , here you go . Have some of my coffee . You 'll feel good as new . No offense , person I don 't know , but I just got tased . I don 't think coffee 's going to ...
The handkerchief must have fallen out of the lining even before she reached the car . One of the bills fell unnoticed to the floorboard , and one of the bills apparently stayed caught in her coat until she reached home .  And that 's the way it could 've been . |Hi .
Now , to recapitulate , you saw Miss Wynne come running out of that house at exactly what time , Mr. Drake ? I arrived at exactly 11 : 10 . And it took you how long to get there from the Dunbar building ? About 20 minutes . Go on . Well , as I said , I arrived at 11 : 10 . By the time I 'd looked into her car and she 'd come out , driven off , and I followed her , must have been 11 : 15 .|Now , Mr. Drake ... did you at any time see so much as one indication of any other person or any other car anyplace on that road , either approaching or leaving that house ? No , sir , I did not . Thank you , Mr. Drake . Thank you for the accuracy of your observations , and those of your operatives . And thank you for not making me treat you as a hostile witness .
Now , um , you mentioned rolling up car windows . Yes , sir . Did you by any chance roll up the windows on a 1959 green sedan parked either in the lot or on the street outside ? MILLER : Nope . Did you notice a 1953 convertible ... with a torn top ? I don 't think so .|No , I 'm sure not . Did you roll up the windows on a 1959 Thunderbird ? Pink ?
Where were you taken ?|He cried . I walked into the dormitory .
Nope .|Well , perhaps ... They 've got those little electric buttons . Nothing you could do without the keys .
Hey , Marco , have you seen the ... you 're not Marco . What gave it away ?|Heh . I 'm sorry , I 'm new here , so I don 't know all the help yet . And I just called you the help . Which sounds really awful , but since I 'm the help , too , maybe it 's less bad ? Well , it depends . Who are you helping ? Oh , um , I 'm sorry , I 'm Megan Smith . I 'm the new tutor for Rose and Sage . Will Davis , omelet taster . They have people here specifically to taste ... To taste omelets . Oh , absolutely . If Laurel even smells a bad egg , it 's over . She has an incredibly sensitive olfactory system . You 're not an omelet taster . No ? How can you be so sure ? I mean , there are people in this town who remove toe fat for a living . Do you know why ? Because you can 't have a pudgy pinky sticking out of a Jimmy Choo . Well , well , I see you 've met our neighbor .
How long was it left there ? Oh , somebody came and got it before morning , I guess .|That 's all I noticed . With the court 's indulgence , I should like to recall another witness : Mrs. Wainwright .
So , you 're the neighbor ? Will likes to stop by every now and again to taste my new recipes . This guy is an unbelievable chef . He 's the best in Palm Beach . Ah , that 's very nice . Did Megan tell you that she 's an aspiring writer ? Oh ... really ? That 's cool . You should meet my dad . He used to run random house before he started his own publishing company . Really ? Well , I would love to meet your dad . I mean , I should probably work with the girls first , well , I didn 't mean now . He 's in Rome . Right . Ok , good . Yes , well then , when Rome is done , your dad and I will split a bagel . Has anyone seen Rose and Sage ? Oh , they left for their photo shoot over an hour ago , honey . Crap . You know what , maybe I 'll just go down there . I mean , there 's gotta be some down time .|Oh . You know that there 's no way that those girls are going to do homework in the middle of their first photo shoot , right ? Well , they would if they cared about their grades , which , of course , they don 't , because how lame is that , right ? Look , they 'll be back soon enough . In the meantime , why don 't you let me show you around your new neighborhood ? Might help you take your mind off things .
Mrs. Wainwright ... wasn 't all this not what Mr. Atley did , but what you did ?|What do you mean ? You went to see Stassi ... you waited for him in the parking lot . And before the watchman came on duty , something terrible happened . Something which made you panicky when the gates started to close . " Trapped , " you said . " Inside , " you said .
What do you mean ? You went to see Stassi ... you waited for him in the parking lot . And before the watchman came on duty , something terrible happened . Something which made you panicky when the gates started to close . " Trapped , " you said . " Inside , " you said .|The gates were going to close . And then , didn 't you drive Stassi 's car off that lot ?
The gates were going to close . And then , didn 't you drive Stassi 's car off that lot ?|Well , he was in no condition to drive .
I can not do everything , right ?|I 'll probably take my maternity leave .
Okay , your turn . Truth or dare ?|Truth .
Ok , ok , I 'm on my way . I 'm on my way .|To be continued .
To be continued .|Megan , thank God you 're here . Whoa , that 's not a gown . What 's going on ? What 's wrong ? We need your signature . Apparently being under 18 is like a thing to these people . That 's the life or death situation ?
What am I signing ? It 's just a waiver . Rose forgot to give it to Laurel . Um , hello ? Yes , our guardian 's here , and she 's clearly over 21 . You can check her license if you want . They were supposed to get a signature from their mother . Grandmother . Our mother is dead , thank you very much . Feeling stupid yet ? I 'm sorry . Their grandmother was supposed to sign the form before they showed up . Ok . Why didn 't you just call Laurel ? I tried like five times and she won 't pick up . But it doesn 't matter , ' cause all we need is someone over 21 who 's responsible for us . It 's no big deal .|Ok , uh ...
Forgiveness . He thinks that toy that you have offered him . Okay . Come to the point .|What have you found ...
No turning on the lights .|And remember , three times .
Grandi ?|In the orphanage ?
The plan just , it fell apart , and I 'm just trying to hold it together . And you 're making me feel like a really bad person .|I 'm sorry .
Scared you . You guys are jerks . Lily ?|You mind keeping it down ?
Hey , C.K. I hear Fergie 's coming to town next weekend . You going ? I 'm thinking ' about it , yeah . Cool . Maybe I 'll see you there .|Oh , my God . That girl totally just hit on you ! What if I was your girlfriend ? Well , you 're not . She doesn 't know that . C.K. , Mr. I 'm thinking ' about it .
Yeah , another one .|Hey , at least I got some sleep . Hey , you know , sooner or later , we 're gonna talk about this .
Are you sure she was able to open the trunk ? Under my nose .|I do not understand how she could escape . Calm down .
I want to get into Duke .|I think my mom would have been pretty psyched if that happened . Ok . Well , then we are going to get you into Duke . But you gotta read that book first . Oh , I just did , and I cannot believe that Daisy just left Gatsby like that . I mean , seriously , how do you just walk away from someone that you supposedly love ? People do that all the time .
I ... I did that to my sister . Yeah , but that 's because she stole your boyfriend . That 's totally different . True . But it , you know , she could have maybe just done that to get back at me . Get back at you for what ?|For leaving her alone with our sad dad . Our mom kind of took off when we were kids , and he sucked at being a human being after that . I ... I couldn 't wait to leave home , and I didn 't really think twice about what that would mean for Lily .
Hey .|Hey .
Yeah , we 're the ... med students .|Sorry ? Oh , doctor ...
Sorry ? Oh , doctor ...|Fliglavitch didn 't tell you ? We talked to him on the phone . We 're from Ohio state . He 's supposed to show us the shoemaker corpse . It 's for our paper . Well , I 'm sorry , he 's at lunch . Oh . Well , he said , uh oh , well , you know , it doesn 't matter .
No .|I 'm gonna hit him in his face , I swear .
Me . Evelyn wanted to put two " l " in kind .|Me , when I can not sleep , Mom sang me a lullaby .
Me , when I can not sleep , Mom sang me a lullaby .|I can sing ?
I can sing ?|Sure ...
Oh , good , you 're up . I was just about to get you , but I hate seeing people sleep . It 's just one of my things . And wrists . I hate looking at people 's wrists . Um , why ? Am I late ? I thought my flight wasn 't for another two hours . Your flight 's been cancelled . But your hair appointment 's in 20 minutes . Lucky for you , my boyfriend owns a salon or you never would have gotten in today . Ok , why would I need a hair appointment ? Well , you 're going to the ball , Cinderella . And I 've been assigned the role of your fairy . Lucky me . I don 't think you understand . I ... I was fired last night . Yes , and apparently you were rehired this morning . Laurel wants you to go the fundraiser so you can keep an eye on the girls . Wait a minute . This is insane . Where 's Laurel ?|Laurel ... Oh , good . You 're here . Can you hand me that stack of books there ? Um , Laurel , Marco told me that I wasn 't fired . That 's right . I 've changed my mind . Why ? I mean , what caused that ? You did . Quite bold the way you took Sage in hand last night . I don 't think I 've ever seen that before .
The newspaper said his daughter found him . She said his eyes were bleeding . More than that . They practically liquefied .|Any sign of a struggle , maybe somebody did it to him ? Nope .
Your lullaby works .|I will have to learn .
If you do get to sleep , I promise not to scold you to the ferry .|Okay ?
Think we could take a look atthat police report ? You know , for our paper ?|I 'm not really supposed to show you
Oh , my God .|You know that girl ? Sort of .
She 's my sister .|You never said that you had a sister . Not surprising . She likes to pretend I don 't exist . What are you doing here ? I was invited . What , you find it so hard to believe that I could be invited to something like this ? I 'm proud you 're the exact same judgmental person . Oh , get over yourself , Lily . I 'm not judging you . You 'll have to excuse us , it 's been a while . Lily Smith .
You never said that you had a sister . Not surprising . She likes to pretend I don 't exist . What are you doing here ? I was invited . What , you find it so hard to believe that I could be invited to something like this ? I 'm proud you 're the exact same judgmental person . Oh , get over yourself , Lily . I 'm not judging you . You 'll have to excuse us , it 's been a while . Lily Smith .|Will Davis . I live next door to Megan . Oh , in New York ? Uh , no , here in Palm Beach .
Megan ? Charlie !|I didn 't know you were still doing this . Yeah , uh , Carlo hooks me up whenever he can . I 've been kind of strapped for cash these days , and the pay is good . My sister is in there . Yeah , I saw . Are you ok ? Yeah . I 'm fine . She 's probably all over Will by now , but whatever . Did you come here with that guy ? Of course not . Then how do you know him ? Oh , it 's a long story , but I have got to go hide . Megan ...
Do whatever you think I should do .|But if you want to understand who was your father ... check it out .
What is it ? You have asthma , like me ? I can do without .|No . I 'm fine . What did you want ?
Oh , this is good . A little me time .|I 'm not doing this with you , Lily .
No .|That 's because it wasn 't a stroke . Lily , don 't say that . What ?
That 's because it wasn 't a stroke . Lily , don 't say that . What ?|I 'm sorry , she 's just upset . No , it happened because of me . Sweetie , it didn 't . Lily , why would you saysomething like that ?
There was lidocaine .|They took him .
Or I 'll make your life more miserable than you can possibly imagine . I don 't respond to empty threats . And I don 't make them . Which is why I invited your sister Lily to the event tonight .|You ? I just love a good reunion episode . Congratulations on getting to keep your new job . It 's gonna be super fun .
You ? I just love a good reunion episode . Congratulations on getting to keep your new job . It 's gonna be super fun .|Sage !
She took his eyes , that 's what she does . That 's not why dad died.This isn 't your fault .|I think your sister 's right , lily .
The Bloody Mary legend dad ever find any evidence that it was a real thing ?|Not that I know of .
Someone is on the site .|We went .
But according to the legend , the person who says ... the person who says you know what gets it But here ... Shoemaker gets it instead , yeah . Right .|Never heard anything like that before .
Great . Thanks a lot . It 's her fault , Sage . I can 't be expected to fully function right now . Why ? What happened ? Well , you know Max ? He brought Fiona as his date , that 's what happened . Fiona 's such a hag . Ok , I will take that , thank you .|Ok , hold on , back up for a second .
Look here for the latest news .|Nothing we did not already know .
Charlie , I need your help . What 's up ? Not here . Let 's go . Outside .|Ok , I 'm Max . Say hi .
Like we said downstairs , we worked with Donna 's dad . He was a day trader or something , he worked by himself . No , I know , I meant ... and those weird questions downstairs , what was that ?|So you tell me what 's going on or I start screaming . All right , all right .
Hi , Max .|Horrible Why was that horrible ? Because you sounded all sad and desperate . You have to say , " hi , " like you don 't even care that he 's here or alive or whatever . So I 'm supposed to say " hi " like I wish he was dead ? No . Find the middle ground between wishing he was dead and caring that he 's alive . And blot . What ? Blot your lips . It 's too much gloss .
For your mother . Neither the one nor the other .|Look , here Anacleto , secret agent . Move over .
No .|If you say that Amelia was waiting for you with a chainsaw , no .
So , if you 're gonna scream , go right ahead .|Who are you , cops ?
Who are you , cops ?|Something like that . I 'll tell you what . Here .
Something like that . I 'll tell you what . Here .|If you think of anything , you or your friends notice anything strange , out of the ordinary , just give us a call .
All right , say Bloody Mary really is haunting this town . There 's gonna be some sort of proof a local woman who died nasty . Yeah , but a legend this wide spread , it 's hard . I mean , there 's like 50 versions of who she actually is . One story says she 's a witch , another says she 's a mutilated bride . There 's a lot more . What are we supposed to be looking for ? Every version 's got thingsin common . It 's always a woman named Mary , and she always dies in front of a mirror .|So we 've got to search local newspapers public records as far back as they go , see if we can find a Mary who fits the bill .
I take it back .|This will be very annoying .
Maybe Bloody Mary got him .|Very funny .
What ?|You 're of course . Your father was in the bank .
Very funny .|Wait , I 'm sorry .
Everything ok ? Yes , sorry , it 's great . That won 't happen again . Good . Well , then I 'll leave you two girls to it .|We have a trust situation happening . Ok . How about a scone ?
No .|Charlie ... I 'm walking to the bathroom mirror right now .
Charlie ... I 'm walking to the bathroom mirror right now .|Jill , quit it .
I talked to Dr. Arguello .|His father helped you since the hospital , right ? You were doing half and half to steal and sell children ? Or you took the biggest share ?
Jill , quit it .|Oh , no , I can 't help myself .
Ok , I cannot believe that these girls are so lazy that they are calling me from their room . Excuse me . Hold on . Ok . Rose hey , so you want me to come up and check your work ? We 're not actually in our room . I think we might be getting arrested . How are you supposed to see that ? ... were responsible for this . What ? Uh . I 'm sorry , we 're gonna need to wrap this up . I ...|They were supposed to be in their room , working on their outlines . And I 'm supposed to be enjoying the afternoon off . Such is life . They 're 16 , aren 't they ? Why don 't they have their driver 's licenses ? Because they have drivers . So why steal my car when there 's so many others to take ? Because Sage hates you . Oh , you just have an answer for everything , don 't you ?
I 'm gonna say it .|Bloody Mary .
If you leave me no peace ... call the Civil Guard .|They will be delighted to find you .
We go to bed . Dad , even if you hate her ... do not quarrel with you , please . I 'm not going to argue with Jacinta . What 's the point ?|I know where my dream happen .
Hi , I 'm Megan Smith . I 'm here for the tutoring position . I grew up in fort Lauderdale . My family actually lives about 20 minutes from here , but we don 't talk that much because we don 't have a very good relationship .|Max . Hey , Rose . Hi . Um , so , uh , the thing is , I don 't think Fiona and me are gonna work out since I don 't really think I 'm all that into her . And after seeing how slammin' you looked last night , I thought that , I don 't know , maybe we should give it another try with us . Really ? Yeah . And plus , I didn 't like seeing you with that old guy . Oh , man , that was messed up .
Say see . It 's going to happen where ?|Promise me you 'll go ever , ever ?
So , what did you dream about ?|Lollipops and candy canes .
Well , do you like him or not ? It doesn 't matter if I like him . Rose does . She 's happy , and I helped make her happy . You 're just pissed because she didn 't listen to you and took my advice instead . Ok , this isn 't about who Rose listens to . This is about what 's best for her and I have a feeling being with Max is a bad situation . And I have a feeling that you know it . I 've lost my appetite .|Stop poking the lion .
Yeah , sure .|You find anything ? Oh , besides a whole new level of frustration ?
Previously on Privileged ... I want to write about people that matter . This is a tabloid magazine ! If you want to write about fancy people , You have to travel in fancy people circles .|A dear friend of mine is interviewing people at her estate in Palm Beach . Hello , Mrs. Limoges . Call me Laurel . My daughter left me two grandchildren , Rose and Sage . Their grades are lousy . You want me to be their tutor ? What do you want to do ? I want to get into Duke . I think my mom would have been ... pretty psyched if that happened . Then we are going to get you into Duke . You don 't think I can take care of myself ? I take care of me and Rose . If she has a problem , she comes to me . That 's how it works . It 's not your job to save these girls . I can help them live up to their full potential , what 's wrong with that ? Your sister asked if I 'd give her a ride home . Seriously ? That 's really nice of you , Will . I guess I 'll ... See you around . Well , we 're neighbors . I 'd say that we 're bound to run into each other again . I just needed that guy 's number . Will . Do you have it ? Why ? I mean , why do you need it ? I wanted to thank him for driving me home last night .
An envelope .|With a picture of my family .
A dear friend of mine is interviewing people at her estate in Palm Beach . Hello , Mrs. Limoges . Call me Laurel . My daughter left me two grandchildren , Rose and Sage . Their grades are lousy . You want me to be their tutor ? What do you want to do ? I want to get into Duke . I think my mom would have been ... pretty psyched if that happened . Then we are going to get you into Duke . You don 't think I can take care of myself ? I take care of me and Rose . If she has a problem , she comes to me . That 's how it works . It 's not your job to save these girls . I can help them live up to their full potential , what 's wrong with that ? Your sister asked if I 'd give her a ride home . Seriously ? That 's really nice of you , Will . I guess I 'll ... See you around . Well , we 're neighbors . I 'd say that we 're bound to run into each other again . I just needed that guy 's number . Will . Do you have it ? Why ? I mean , why do you need it ? I wanted to thank him for driving me home last night .|Son of a bitch .
Maybe we just haven 't found it yet .|I 've also been searching for strange deaths , in the area , you know , eyeball bleeding , that sort of thing . There 's nothing .
Morning , Lorraine .|How 's it going , Jay ? Good morning , Miss Smith .
Tell him .|Her to tell me what ?
Whatever 's happening here , maybe it just ain 't Mary .|Hello ?
Speak , Julia !|Id .
I 'm sorry .|And she said it .
Rose ! Hey , gorgeous ! Hey ! Jordanna . Hi . Breckyn . Hey ! Oh , Marc told me that wasn 't available until October . You know he always lets me in early . Nice .|Excuse me , girls .
I hate lying to her .|This is for the greater good . Hit the lights .
This is for the greater good . Hit the lights .|What are you guys looking for ?
I 'd changed in ways I didn 't know . And if I was a stranger , so was Amy .|It used to be Amy and me , one word . Back in that time , in this place .
We 'll let you know as soon as we find it . Hey , night vision .|Thanks . Perfect .
So , I don 't get it . I mean , the first victim didn 't summon Mary , and the second victim did . How 's she choosing them ?|Beats me .
Do you really eat breast here every morning ?|Pretty much . Is that a problem ? No , I don 't care . Seems like you care . Seems like you 're peeved about it .
Hey .|There 's a black light in the trunk , right ?
Ok , let 's give it a try . Really ? Thanks ! I mean , thank you very much . And since we 're going to be working together on this , I should probably have your number .|Right . Um , of course . You ... Can have my work phone number .
Two years ago , he was killed in a hit and run . The car was described as a black toyota camry , but nobody got the plates or saw the driver . Oh , my god .|What ?
Westport Nuclear . Tim Wexler .|No , nothing . What ?
Rose Baker , you are officially a sophomore .|What ? !
What ? !|Thank you ! Oh , my god !
Linda shoemaker .|Why are you asking me this ? Look , we 're sorry , but it 's important .
Oh , my god .|Do you really think her dad could have killed her mom ?
Maybe .|I think I should stick around .
I still remember how you taste .|Thank you , Mac . Thank you for coming . Everyone I could possibly turn to is ... They 're already dead .
I think I should stick around .|All right . Whatever you do , don 't ... Believe me , I won 't say it .
Wait , wait , wait . You 're doing a nationwide search ? Yep .|The NCIC , the FBI database any mary in the country who died in front of a mirror is good enough for me .
You really think it 's possible the uranium 's still at the plant ? Well , it 's the only reason I can come up with for two killings . How about you ? I 'm right out of explanations , Mac . Right now I 'm just barely hanging on . You always were pretty good at that .|I let go too easily once .
Whatever you say . But it 's gonna be kind of tough since we 're leaving the dock .|Oh , crap .
Thought that was you . Oh . Hey .|So are you still mad at me ? Why would I be mad at you ? I have no idea .
The NCIC , the FBI database any mary in the country who died in front of a mirror is good enough for me .|But if she 's haunting the town , she should have died in the town . I 'm telling you . There 's nothing local . I check . So , unless you 've gota better idea . Why Mary 's choosing a victim ? It seems like there 's a pattern . I know I was thinking the same thing . With mr . Shoemaker and Jill 's hit and run both had secrets where people died . Right . There 's a lot of folklore about mirrors that they reveal or your lies , or your secrets , that they 're a true reflection of your soul , which is why it 's bad luck to break them . Right . Right .
Shut it , quick !|Mac ! Amy ! I just heard on the phone that ...
You want ?|I 'm ok .
He does a lot of that . Thinking about the past like me .|Mac , this film badge reacts to radiation . If you 're near anything hot , it starts to turn black . And when it 's all black , they give you a new one ? When it 's all black , they give you a coffin .
Breckyn isn 't answering any of my texts , and I have no idea why .|Yeah , I know , I tried calling her too .
And we know , the night of march 29th , someone broke into her apartment and murdered her , cut out her eyeswith a knife .|That 's right .
That 's right .|See , sir , when we ask you what happened , we want to know what you think happened .
I ... I have to lock you up . Both of you . I don 't think either one of us wants to be locked up right now . There 's too much at stake . I can 't help that . I 'm in too deep now to get out .|Come on , Amy .
I 'm sorry about last night . But I 'm ready to rock on our whole study thing as of today . It doesn 't matter . Don 't worry about it . It 's fine . you do whatever you want . Finally ! But you should know that your friend Parker is a liar . He didn 't get into Brown . All that money his dad spent didn 't make a difference .|Come on , Rose , she has no idea what she 's talking about . Ask Will . Ask anyone . It 's the truth . But you don 't really care about that , do you ? That 's the problem . And that 's why you 're going to wind up repeating your freshman year .
Not for sure .|But there was a local man , a surgeon , Trevor Sampson .
MacGyver ! I 'm warning you ! MacGyver , stop ! Mac , just how well do you read people ?|I 'm taking the final exam right now .
I 'm taking the final exam right now .|MacGyver , I 'll shoot !
I want to go to Duke . You say that , but what does it really mean to you ? I told you .|Well , I 'm doing it for my mom . Which is a great reason . But it can 't be the reason . You have to be doing this for you . I will be there for you , Rose . I will back you with whatever you need . But I can 't do the work for you . And I 'm not going to be chasing you on any boats anymore trying to get you to study . From now on , if ... this is gonna happen , it 's gonna be because of you .
But the way her eyes were cut out , it was almost professional . But you could never prove it ? No .|No prints , no witnesses .
So what do you have to eat in this ridiculous fridge ? Ooh , easy there , surf boy . Marco has got a very particular system . Oreo cakesters ? Ok , that guacamole is mine .|You almost ready to go ?
You can 't run forever , MacGyver . Train , are you crazy ? We 've got a runaway reactor to worry about here . That 's what I 'm trying to help you with . Stop all that worrying . Isn 't 30 kilos of nuclear explosive enough for you ? My God , it 's enough to level a whole city , enough to kill a quarter of a million people ! Nobody says that 's what they 're gonna do with it ! Yeah , right ! Who are you trying to kid ? Besides yourself ? It 's more money than you could ever dream of . That 's what counts . And the meltdown that will cover all the traces .|Oh , God .
You almost ready to go ?|Rose , come on . Everyone 's waiting outside for us . Look , you can go without me . It 's ok . It 's ok ? Max reserved a table at Renato 's . What is wrong with you ? Look , I said I was going to do this , so I 'm gonna do it . Hey , so are going or what ? Seriously , Sage , I don 't mind .
Rose , come on . Everyone 's waiting outside for us . Look , you can go without me . It 's ok . It 's ok ? Max reserved a table at Renato 's . What is wrong with you ? Look , I said I was going to do this , so I 'm gonna do it . Hey , so are going or what ? Seriously , Sage , I don 't mind .|You guys go ahead . We 'll catch up . Ok . See ya later .
Kyle , get out of here . There 's nothing you can do now . What about you ? It 's too late for me . Way too late . Okay , but ...|I 'm going with you . Look , Mac , there 's washdown water up there , and you are gonna need it to survive .
No prints , no witnesses .|He was meticulous .
Is it moving ? It 's stuck .|Damn ! Oh , no .
But she never could .|Where 's she buried ?
It was returned to Mary 's family a long time ago .|You have the names of her family by any chance ?
Please .|All right , Mac .
See ? Nothing happened .|Why would you do that ?
1 976 will not be a year of politics as usual .|Yes ! It can be a year of inspiration and hope .
Yes ! It can be a year of inspiration and hope .|And it will be a year of concern ... Hey , Jimmy , check this out , man . And sober reassessment of our nation 's character and purpose , a year when voters have already confounded the experts . And I guarantee you that it will be the year when we give the government of this country back to the people of this country .
Elements that lose electrons become positive ions , which are smaller than other atoms of the same element .|Therefore , the ionic radius is smaller than the atomic radius
Honey , you didn 't wrap this yourself . You know I did .|Gary !
Ah , that 's too bad , Mr. Worthington .|I would have paid a lot for that mirror . Okay , well , maybe next time . All right , thanks . So ? So , that was Mary 's brother . The mirror was in the family for years , until he sold it one week ago to a store called estate antiques , a store in Toledo .
So wherever the mirror goes , that 's where Mary goes ? Her spirit 's definitely tied up with it somehow . Isn 't there an old superstition that says mirrors can capture spirits ?|Yeah , there is . When someone would die in a house , people would cover up the mirrors so the ghost wouldn 't get trapped .
Ok . There 's nothing wrong with this . I 'm an adult . It 's perfectly acceptable to be brushing up on my technique . Wow !|She is flexible . Hey , Megan ! Oh , hi , Rose . Are you watching the porn ? No . Yes . Yes , I am . I , uh , wanted to get an idea of what happened in it so we could discuss it before you watched it . So how is it ? It 's graphic . It 's a lot ... it 's a lot of graphic stuff . Cool .
MAN : I didn 't think you 'd show up .|This is Asheema .
This is Marcus .|My brother .
No .|No .
Guy pop hired doing a shitty job .|Everybody 's heading over to the funeral home . You coming ? How much is he charging you ?
Put a little money back in your pocket . Already got a buyer .|But , um , if you want to clean up around here , you could stay a few days .
Hmm . Mm .|We were so different , Lily and me . You know , when I figured out that we didn 't have parents to keep us out of trouble , I stopped doing everything , I was so afraid . And ... Lily went the other way . You know , she was always pushing the envelope .
We were in the bathroom . Donna said it . That 's not what we 're talking about .|Something happened , didn 't it , in your life .
And I changed it back .|The ? ible verse ? I put it back the way it was . Surprised you still care . Genesis 42 : 21 is what he wanted . It 's your world , Bos .
Can I get through ?|What 's that say ?
A secret ... where someone got hurt ?|Can you tell us about it ?
Then I broke up with him , and he got upset and he said he needed me and he loved me .|And he said ...
Thank you , Bean .|So I want to try to get him out tonight .
" charlie , if you walk out that door right now , I 'm gonna kill myself . "|And you know what I said ?
Well , you know , a couple days in county might not be so bad .|I mean , it might traighten him out . Or he might not survive it .
I mean , it might traighten him out . Or he might not survive it .|Thank you .
Do you even care about me at all ?|I knew it . This is because of your psycho tutor . Her name is Megan . And , no , maybe you didn 't have to answer her , but you 're gonna have to answer me . So do you ... care about me ?
Baby ...|Why are we doing this ? Doing what ? All this relationship talk . It 's not us .
And I left .|How could I say that ?
Look , Rose ... When you told me that you had already had sex the other day , I ... I was disappointed . But not because I was judging you , but ... I just thought to myself , you know , what a huge deal that decision must have been for you and ... I just wish that you had had someone to talk to about it . I know .|And it would have been really nice if you were here then .
Marcus .|Daddy 's friend ?
Was wondering when you 'd show up . Here I am , baby .|What can I do for you , Dwayne ? Oh , that 's how it 's gonna be ? That 's your name , ain 't it ?
Ok . So why was your first time so bad ? Oh , ho , for so many reasons . Let 's start out with the fact that it was in the back of a Mustang . Yeah . Ha ha ha ha ! Hey , Natasha , how 's the shoot going ? Is that right ? Well , I miss your body , too . No , I 'm not doing anything right now . Megan : I wish it was incredible ... it was so uncomfortable .|It was , like , 100 degrees outside . That sounds good . I 'll meet you at the breakers in 20 . All right , gorgeous . I 'll see you soon .
Really ? Yeah .|Hey , tawny , um , could I get a big bowl of something fried and a shake ? Ah , I see the appetite has returned . Things are better with Jacob ? Actually , Jacob never called . My stiffness takes another man down . I am so sorry I told you that . No , it 's fine . I 'm over it . Honestly , if he 's willing to throw me overboard because I got a little nervous the other night , then he wasn 't worth it . You know who else wasn 't worth it ? Both : Tony Manzella . Total loser . Oh , I thought so . I mean , that helmet hair . Ohh ! Come on . It 's true . You deserve a lot better than those guys . Oh , yeah ? Like who ? Who would you put me with ?
Hey , tawny , um , could I get a big bowl of something fried and a shake ? Ah , I see the appetite has returned . Things are better with Jacob ? Actually , Jacob never called . My stiffness takes another man down . I am so sorry I told you that . No , it 's fine . I 'm over it . Honestly , if he 's willing to throw me overboard because I got a little nervous the other night , then he wasn 't worth it . You know who else wasn 't worth it ? Both : Tony Manzella . Total loser . Oh , I thought so . I mean , that helmet hair . Ohh ! Come on . It 's true . You deserve a lot better than those guys . Oh , yeah ? Like who ? Who would you put me with ?|I have actually been thinking about that .
I missed you , too . Are you doing anything right now ?|I can be there in 20 minutes .
Well , how do you know that 's gonna work ? I don 't , I 'm not for sure .|Well , who 's gonnasummon her ?
You 're not even gonna see it coming , Snitch .|One day the light just gonna go out . Pop .
I will .|She 'll come after me .
You want to go out or something ? Take a bike ride ? Mm ... Maybe later .|Revised and edited by ju.vianna
Privileged|All right . Close your eyes . Imagine you and me ...
I 'm sorry about the Reverend .|Things are good ? Yes .
You know .|You ?
And , besides , all of this isn 't a secret . I mean , I know all about it . It 's not gonna work with Mary anyway . No , you don 't .|I don 't what ? You don 't know all about it .
I 've named it Sage . I take it your job 's not getting any easier on you . Uh , let me put it to you this way . This is my first weekend off in almost three months .|Ohh . Other line . Hold , please . Hey . Charlie , can I call you back ? I 'm on the other line with Jacob . I just need two seconds .
She looks just like him , Pattie .|Nobody calls me Pattie anymore .
Ohh . Other line . Hold , please . Hey . Charlie , can I call you back ? I 'm on the other line with Jacob . I just need two seconds .|Uh , ok . Hold on .
Hey . Charlie . What 's up ? You never called me back about the White Stripes tickets , and Scotty needs to know if we still want them . Oh , crap , I totally forgot . What 's the date ? The 23rd .|It 's my sister . Hold on .
Do you need anything ?|No . I just left my books in here . Well , we could go over that last chapter together if you want . You know what ? Just come get me whenever . Yeah . Ok . Bye .
And you know what ? Who knows how many more people are gonna die after that ?|Now , we 're doing this .
Well , that 's just great .|All right , let 's start looking .
That 's very disappointing , Megan . First rule in business ... always be more prepared than your superiors . Excellent rule , and normally I would be all over it , but since I 'm also leaving this weekend , maybe the girls slipped it by me .|First time off in three months .
First time off in three months .|We discussed it last week .
Bloody Mary .|I 'll go check that out . Stay here . Be careful .
I 'll go check that out . Stay here . Be careful .|Smash anything that
What are you doing ? Today 's the last day you 're gonna cheat me . Cheat you ? What do you mean cheat you ? I can take my shit over to Freddie up on Wayne Avenue ! Guy 's a thief . He 'll pay you half what I pay you . From now on , I only do business with the brothers .|Why y 'all just standing there ? !
Work it out with your therapist , people . What 's going on ?|Nothing . Just school stuff .
Come out ! Now !|You can tell the difference between walkers and humans by sound ?
If I was you , I 'd stay away from that bar . DoRight 's a criminal .|He 's putting guns in the hands of children . And Pattie ? 
He 's putting guns in the hands of children . And Pattie ? |You two used to be tight , right ?
Yeah . The woman 's good . But come on . I mean , did you really think that you would get away with it ? She would find out eventually . Yeah , but by then , we would have already had the party , so who cares ?|She 's not gonna make us cancel , is she ? No , but she is making me chaperone .
It was a very popular station .|Oh ... My god . I have to go have an aneurism right now .
Did we have plans tonight ? No . Just figured it 's easier to catch you in person these days . You 're not so great with the phone .|Oh , crap . I totally forgot to call you back .
Oh , crap . I totally forgot to call you back .|A few times , actually . Are you mad at me or something ? What ? No , no , no . No . Why would you think that ?
I now it was hard for you when I left , Bos .|But it wasn 't my fault .
A few times , actually . Are you mad at me or something ? What ? No , no , no . No . Why would you think that ?|You keep blowing me off ... our surfing lessons , the White Stripes concert .
You can move right up the supports . That 's what I 'd do . People are the real threat now . Rick , I know you think that we should all be armed within the walls . I ... I can 't do that .|That 's fine . You make these changes , we won 't need to . Sasha : Excuse me .
I didn 't have a choice . And now ?|Whose fault is it now ?
It doesn 't matter , but seriously , are we not cool ? No . No , no . Of course we are . I 'm ... I 'm so sorry , Charlie . I have been completely wrapped up in my own world , which is no excuse , because you deserve better . No worries . I just wanted to ... you know , check in . That 's all . Uhh ! This job is a complete black hole of time suckage . Did I tell you that I had to cancel my trip with Jacob this weekend just to chaperone the girls ' pool party ? I didn 't even know about the trip . Well , it 's not happening . And of course I can 't bring Jacob to the party , because no one knows that we 're dating , and , well , plus I think it would be weird for the girls to see their headmaster in a speedo . Oh , if the man wears a speedo , I cannot allow you to date him .|Anyhoo , it is probably going to be a disaster . Luckily Will is gonna be there , so hopefully he 'll be helpful . Why would will be there ? It 's a party . He 's a billionaire . Those things kinda go hand in hand .
Mashed lima beans , cocoa powder , a little sweetener . I would have eaten it before all this , I swear . It 's protein and it fills you up . Sounds delicious .|I 'll be back . I 've got to go beg Rick for some help with tonight . You need anything else , you hit me , girl . Okay , thanks .
Are you with him ? I 'm just asking . Look , you know he always had something for you . Do you have something for him ? It 's always the same shit with you .|You 're paranoid . The feds own him .
So you bought the same bullshit story everybody else did . No , I know ! I know !|Tell me what you think you know . I know that he sold Neal to the feds .
Ok , ok , so I was thinking about the party , and I came up with this great idea , and I just wanted to run it by you . Are we talkin ' themes here ? Because I rock at themes . Actually , it 's ... It 's about the guest list .|I wanted to add one more person . Oh . Oh , I 'm sure that 'll be fine . We have plenty of food . Ooh , but the thing is I want you to invite her .
And I hear Charles Manson 's up for a parole pretty soon . Maybe he wants to catch some rays , too .|Rose ... I 'm not gonna invite Lily .
Every time Eric or I come close , he gets spooked .|Have you done this before ? My group did . But they weren 't out there that long .
You know what ? No one is gonna lay a hand on that brother 's head .|You satisfied ?
I 'm so ...|What ?
What ?|You 're so mean to her .
The longer they 're out there , the more they become what they really are .|I ain 't gonna hurt ya . All right ? Come on , boy . Yeah . Just keep on eating . Yeah . Good boy . Yeah , you used to be somebody 's , huh ?
Look , I 'm only saying this because you are so nice to everyone else . I mean , you are even nice to Sage , who kind of wishes you were dead . No offense . None taken , but ...|Rose , I 'm not mean to Lily . You were kind of harsh on the phone . Well , yeah , but ... And plus you just compared her to a serial killer . Ok , well , Charles Manson was more of a cult leader , but ...
Now you 're just yours .|Shit !
I get your point .|Rose , I 've given Lily a lot of chances .
You afraid of guns , ma 'am ? Mm , no , I ... well , I had a handgun and I carried a rifle when we were on the outside , but I 'm not an expert .|Not with those , at least .
They 're scared of you and me for different reasons .|They 're less scared of me because they know me .
I don 't know about this .|They have beer .
Well ...|You look just like him , but you act like your mom .
Well , I 'm glad you 're here . Now , take a glass . I 'm good . You don 't have to be .|There you go . Go on .
Ma thinks I don 't know . It was in here in the living room .|Jimmy says he shot 50 cops before they got him .
Wasn 't expecting it after you were such a bitch to me on the phone .|Try and watch your language , Lily . This isn 't one of your biker bars .
I 'm gonna go say hi . Have fun , girls .|Breckyn , are those new Guccis aren 't they awesome ? I got them in , like , five different colors . Yeah ? I have a pair , too . Oh , I meant to tell you . Perry called and said he 's going to be late .
Breckyn , are those new Guccis aren 't they awesome ? I got them in , like , five different colors . Yeah ? I have a pair , too . Oh , I meant to tell you . Perry called and said he 's going to be late .|Weren 't you supposed to be goin ' out with the boyfriend this weekend ? Heh . I know .
Hm . Ma !|Did you brush ? I brushed , and I 'm ready for bed . I 'll be up in a minute .
I just couldn 't bear the thought of not chaperoning a Baker twins bash . And for the record , I wouldn 't call him my boyfriend . Really ? What would you call him ? Well , I 'm not really into labels . I mean , they aren 't really necessary , are they ? I would say that he 's someone whose ... company I enjoy , and it 's progressing nicely .|You want me to help you with that ? Yes . Heh . Thank you .
What are you looking at ?|Well , we don 't have a lot of rules around here .
Thank you , comrade .|Good night , Marcus .
Tell me something , kid .|How many dimes did you have to scrape together to pay that fine ?
Wait , seriously ? Yeah . Yeah , she said somethin about wanting to evolve . Oh , no . I take it you don 't think that 's a good thing . No , I know it 's not a good thing . Well , I don 't know . I thought it was kind of cool . You don 't know them as well as I do . Trust me , the two of them aren 't going to evolve anytime soon .|Well , if you say so . Anyway , it was good to meet you , Charlie .
Come on !|Pig motherfucker !
Enjoy . Let me know when you want your next round .|Can someone please just drown her ?
What are you doing in here ?|Relax . I 'm just looking for a beer . Well , the bar 's outside . But the line 's shorter in here . Give me a break , Lily . I didn 't invite you over here to get into another fight . Then why did you invite me ?
I let her go to the corner store with me today and ...|Jimmy got into it with a few cops .
I thought it was done . You didn 't ask him already ?|Ask me what ?
Some cats drove by and shot out their back window . She 's fine . Everybody was fine .|I just wanted to tell you . I didn 't think it 'd be right if I didn 't tell you .
I just wanted to tell you . I didn 't think it 'd be right if I didn 't tell you .|Thank you .
Thank you .|Jimmy is crazy , Pattie . He 's got a brick between his ears . And that 's putting it nicely .
When I got the place , there was that frame and some parts and equipment .|Whoever lived here built them .
Kid 's walking around talking about the vanguard , calling cops pigs like he knows what he 's talking about .|I don 't think you should let Iris work with him anymore .
I 'll catch up with you in a bit .|So , here 's to amazing friends who throw amazing parties . Well , I 'll drink to that . Cheers .
What about Jimmy ?|I 'll take care of it .
Why ?|I told Deanna not to give you a job because I think I have one for you .
How are you gonna do that ?  Don 't worry about it .|JIMMY : Look at that . Wow .
I mean , our family , you know ?|They defended us against the pigs . They didn 't want us to have nothing , didn 't want us to live .
I knew .|So , um ...
Go outside . Don 't talk to him . He 'll be out when we done .|So you knew the old drunk . Are we supposed to be friends now ? We ain 't friends , Jim .
So , um ...|How did dad take it when he found out I was back ?
Pray to God you don 't have to use it again .|Pray to God you don 't get used to not using it again .
It 's on your back ... even when it 's off your back .|Hmm .
You know why I loved Neal ? 'Cause he killed some cops . He went out like a man . And what 'd you do ? I survived . Surviving ain 't worth much if it 's in another man 's blood . You don 't know shit ! I know you a snitch .|I know you a chump . I 'm a chump ?
By that brave act , I have ...|I have come to realize that things have worked out pretty damn well for me .
Sam , what are you doing here ?|I followed you . I was hoping you were going to make more cookies , but then you came here .
Where you been , Marcus ?|All this time .
But I 'd have to tell my mom . I mean , I tell my mom everything . You can never tell anyone , especially your mom .|Because if you do ... one morning you 'll wake up ... and you won 't be in your bed . Where will I be ? You 'll be outside the walls far , far away tied to a tree .
Marco , your martinis are almost as good as your omelets . I aim to please . In fact , you should make a pitcher of these and set it aside for Megan . I 'm sure she could use it . Megan 's not much of a drinker .|Oh . Didn 't know that .
It must be nice ... to just ...|Pack only what you can take in that little black bag of yours .
Pack only what you can take in that little black bag of yours .|If you want to have a say about how things go around here , that 's available , but you have to stay . Are you ready for that ? !
What should I call you , then ?|Hm ?
No one will come to help because no one will hear you . Well , something will hear you . The monsters will come . The ones out there . And you won 't be able to run away when they come for you . And they will tear you apart and eat you up all while you 're still alive . All while you can still feel it .|And then afterwards , no one will ever know what happened to you .
Or you can promise not to ever tell anyone what you saw here and then nothing will happen .|And you 'll get cookies . Lots of cookies .
Jimmy can 't come he e anymore , Patricia .|Pattie .
It 's been a long time since I held one of these .|She and Carl ... they 're why I 'm still here .
She and Carl ... they 're why I 'm still here .|And I get what you 've been telling me .
But he wouldn 't listen . Did he do it ?|But that 's not who we were . That 's not what we did .
Shall I extract your foot from your mouth now , or you would like to keep it in there a bit longer ?|Ok , I don 't wanna jinx anything , but I think this could be our best party ever . Did you see Megan and Lily ? They are totally bonding right now .
Your father became angry .|Disillusioned maybe . You were 8 months old , and nobody was safe . I didn 't know how I was gonna keep this family together .
Whatever you want . I 'm just worried that I 'll end up cooking something you hate , you know ? You 're worried ?|That 's what you worry about ? !
Where is the sun that shone on my head ?|The sun in my life , it is dead It is dead
Ok , don 't freak out , but I think something bit you . You 've got a thingie on your cheek .|Oh , my god .
The sun in my life , it is dead It is dead|Where is the light That would play in my streets ?
I didn 't know they were gonna kill him , Iris .|Iris .
Where is the light That would play in my streets ?|And where are the friends I could meet ? I could meet ?
Down on the ground .|Okay ,  Aw , fuck .
Okay ,  Aw , fuck .|Hello , Marcus . Get the fuck off me !
And where are the friends I could meet ? I could meet ?|Where are the girls I left far behind ?
Megan , we need you !|Intercom .
Where are the girls I left far behind ?|The spicks and the specks Of the girls on my mind
Where is the sun that shone on my head ?|The sun in my life , it is dead It is dead .
Anyways , tell me , what does your day look like ? Well , I have an early lunch with Rebecca . We have to work together , so I might as well be cordial . I know it 's not gonna be easy . She 's a tough nut to crack . You should try a hammer . Really big one . She 's new . She 's just looking for someone to extend a hand . Mm . That 's very admirable ... If slightly optimistic . One of us has to be . Mm .|All right . Ooh !
You know what I think , T.T. ?|I think he just misses me .
What 'd you eat today ? Nothing . All have had today was carrot sticks . And buckets full of alcohol . Yeah , but I know I 'm not allergic to tequila , so that can 't be it . Who gave you tequila ? Oh , my god . Megan , we really need to focus on the big issues right now . Guess what ! You girls drinking is a big issue ! I can 't believe that you would go behind my back like this . Ok , somebody stole my tennis bracelet .|What ?
I knew it .|I knew it !
Ah , here 's the Megan I know and love . Welcome back . I can 't believe you would do this to me .|I didn 't do anything to you .
I 'm not used to being summoned on my personal time . You weren 't summoned . You were invited . I feel summoned .|Look . Cedar Cove is a very small town . I 've noticed . I 'm not saying that we need to be best friends , I just think that we should be cordial and try to find some common ground . Don 't you think ? Okay . Um , what 's good here ? The crab salad . I 'll try that . See ? Common ground already . You 're gonna base our relationship on shellfish and mayo ? It 's a start .
I want you out of my life .|I want you out of my life forever .
Look . Cedar Cove is a very small town . I 've noticed . I 'm not saying that we need to be best friends , I just think that we should be cordial and try to find some common ground . Don 't you think ? Okay . Um , what 's good here ? The crab salad . I 'll try that . See ? Common ground already . You 're gonna base our relationship on shellfish and mayo ? It 's a start .|We have something else in common . You went to Yale , right ?
Pattie !|I need to search your house , Pattie . It 's just me and Iris . Look , I want to find out who 's responsible for this . Responsible for what ? A cop is dead !
Ok , so don 't be mad , but we spiked your drink .|You did what ? !
WOMAN : Harassing us again . Get out of our neighborhood !|I want you to go out that back door and don 't come back .
Open up !  Stand back ! You stay close to me , you don 't say a word . Police ! Open up !|Get down , baby , shh .
It 's about loyalty . It 's about being there for the other person when they need you most .|Kind of sounds like having a dog .
I called the florist and got nowhere .|Are there threats ? All the notes are blank . And they 're not signed . Do you have any idea who it might be ?
Who cares ? This party is a total disaster anyway .|I don 't think it 's a total disaster .
So you think this is the man ? Colin McFadden ? I 'm afraid so . Afraid ? Afraid that Bob 's gonna find out something that I 've kept hidden for years .|Huh .
Good morning .|Grace . Hi . I heard you left . Yeah , well , I 'm on a flight later . Ah ! Well , you have yourself a safe trip . See you . Grace , stop . Are we gonna talk about what happened yesterday ? Please , just leave . Not until we talk . Well , I 'm late for work , so I 'm afraid we can 't talk . Later . Moon 's ? No . I think it 's best we not be seen in public . What changed since yesterday ?
I can 't go with you .|I can 't stay .
Somehow I thought you 'd be happier about it .|I am .
It was just a stupid bracelet . I got so crazy .|You know , I would never let a piece of jewelry come between you and me . Well , that 's the difference between us and them . People like Megan and Lily never had nice things , so when they finally get something shiny , they think it 's more important than their own family .
Maybe .|I never made such a big deal about it . I mean , look . I 've got 11 other tennis bracelets , and I 'm always loaning ' em out , so it 's not like I need them . I mean , seriously half the time , I have no idea who has what .
Whenever you 're ready .|See you later .
What about your TV ?|Keep it . It 's yours .
Keep it . It 's yours .|You sure ?
I never made such a big deal about it . I mean , look . I 've got 11 other tennis bracelets , and I 'm always loaning ' em out , so it 's not like I need them . I mean , seriously half the time , I have no idea who has what .|Oh , wait .
What 's the matter , Charles ?|I 'm her friend .
One , two , one , two , One , two , one , two , ...|One , two , one , two . One , two , one , two , one ! One !
I 'm her friend .|And why is that a bad thing ?
Don 't you think you should have discussed it with me first ? Well , things were pretty tense . I didn 't want them to get worse , okay ? So I just ... you 're running away !|Call it like it is ! Own it ! You know what ? You don 't tell me everything you do . You went to that adoption agency without me . You 're right . I don 't tell you everything . That 's wrong . Yeah . It is .
If you 're not really serious about making it work with Shelly , then you need to tell her now .|You 're always gonna be Adele 's father , and don 't let that fact override how you feel about either woman . Bottom line is , you need to be honest . With them , and yourself .
Turn around .|Your hair isn 't tight enough . See , that all has to be packed in .
These pictures are allowed . But watch this !|So , what do you think of him ?
I need to catch this ferry . If you wanna talk more , you just give me a call , all right ?|Thanks .
Oh , my god .|I can 't believe this . I know . I am so sorry . Ok ? Just please ask Lily to come back here , and I really need to apologize . This is all my fault .
Come on , nowwe 'll have a lesson .|Un , deux , troix . Smile . Get it ?
Thanks .|Come in .
Lily , please .|What do you want ?
Yeah . Of course .|Don 't go .
Don 't go .|I don 't wanna be alone with you right now .
I don 't wanna be alone with you right now .|Look , I 'm ...
Our new pupil , Sr. Superior . Manuela von Meinhardis . Aha .|Attention ! Devotions !
What are you doing here ? I had a meeting . Yeah ? The courier is interested in maybe giving me a weekly column . They liked an article I wrote on P.T.S.D. So did I. Yeah ? You read it ? Yeah , it was great . Well , thank you .|What ? What 's so funny ? Well , how do you think the courier got ahold of your article ? You think they troll the Cedar Cove chronicle looking for talent ? You gave it to them ? Read it this morning , shot it over to the editor . Why would you do that ?
Look . When you get this job ... and I did say when , not if ... you and I are gonna be seeing a lot of each other . Yeah ? We might as well get over this weird awkwardness now . I mean , we 're both professionals . So , what do you say ?|Well , I suppose we could get something to eat . I could eat .
It 's obviously something that I need to work on , but I want you to know that , um , I 'm embarrassed , and ...|I 'm so , so sorry , and I just ...
Well , I suppose we could get something to eat . I could eat .|Grace ? I forgot I had something for you . I stopped at that farmer 's market , you know , the one you really like , in , uh ...
My hands are your instrument , showing me the way .|To be seated at your right hand , till the eternal day . I fear to walk alone , without your care . Wherever you may lead me , I 'll be joyous there .
Did someone steal your puppy ?|I ... I can 't see you anymore .
I was so excited that you invited me today .|I actually thought that things might be different .
I hear that letters have been dispatched without prior vetting . They contained unjustifiable complaints about the convent .|My domestic servants have to inform me immediately of this . Ms. v. Racket will immediately impose appropriate punishment .
But you 're never gonna stop judging me , and you know what ? I 'm over it .|You want me out of your life , I 'm gone .
I try not to judge when I don 't have all the details , but you were pretty hard on her out there .|I mean , it 's obvious that your sister likes to act tough , but underneath , I think she 's pretty vulnerable .
I mean , it 's obvious that your sister likes to act tough , but underneath , I think she 's pretty vulnerable .|I ... I wish you were right , but I know my sister . Just look at what happened here today .
And good luck to ya .|Luck is not a factor .
Young ladies ! It has come to my attention that you violated various regulations .|I warn you to raise your voices and hearts , and to remorsefully own up to your sins .
What ? Can we do this ? What are we doing ? This . You know ? Being part of each other 's lives again ? I can do it . Can you ?|Oh , there 's a lot of history between us . Not all bad . We were friends longer than we were husband and wife . Our marriage was performed by Elvis and lasted 48 hours . We were never " husband and wife . " True .
Friends ?|Jack . Yeah . Friends . What do we have to lose , right ?
Ah , I feel so bad .|I ... I made you invite her here today , and now everything 's ruined between you two forever . No . No , you didn 't make me do anything , Rose . Tried to tell her that .
I 'll give you the opportunity to improve your marks . Looks bad for some of you . Let 's continue with a summing up . Treskow ! . When was Schiller born ?|On November 1 0th , 1 759 .
So it 's come to this ? I can 't stay here . Fine . You stay , I 'll leave . You 've got to start packing . You 're shipping out soon .|This isn 't about babies anymore . Then what is it about ? Our marriage . It feels like it 's in a free fall . It feels like we 're never gonna get back to where we were before .
We don 't need our friends for that . That 's why we have each other . Yeah , exactly .|Hmm . All right . I 'm gonna hit the hay .
Good night , girls .|Night , Megan .
If I can 't help my own friends with their issues , how am I supposed to help total strangers ? Maybe the reason I can 't write a personal statement is because I don 't belong in grad school , and I shouldn 't be a social worker . Hey . You 'll make a great social worker .|No . Look at me . I 'm serious . You saved my life . Luke . You did ! You think you 're the first person to try and straighten me out ?
Shame about Ms. v. Bernburg .|I fear our paths will part one of these fine days .
I fear our paths will part one of these fine days .|Pity . A real pity .
I don 't know . It 's just ...|It 's kind of tough having zero relationship with my sister and then seeing what it could be like . They 're really sweet with each other . Well , they have to be . Who else is gonna like them ?
You weren 't . A lot of friends tried . Then you came along , a complete stranger , and you , you got me into therapy . I mean , I can sleep again . I feel good about myself for the first time in ... I can 't remember . So if this school doesn 't think that you 'd be a great social worker , then that 's their problem , and they don 't deserve you . They want to know your greatest accomplishment ? Tell them I am . Me , where I am right now , that 's your accomplishment . And you staple my picture to your application .|Because it scares me to think where I 'd be right now if it wasn 't for you .
What do you want then ?|Well ? What 's on your mind ?
That was the editor of the Seattle courier .|And ?
Hey , guys , guess what I got . V.D. ?|No . A hundred bucks . So ... money to treat your V.D. ? No . My grandmother gave me this money . See , my mom told her that she needed to bleach her whiskers ... and I was like , I go , " What whiskers ? " Which is a total lie , 'cause she 's got these honkin ' whiskers . But then it made her so happy she gave me a hundred bucks . Uh , no offense , Michael , but your mom 's not one to talk . I mean ... Whoo !
Courtesy of Mr. Jacob Cassidy .|You know what ? Let 's just forget today ever happened .
You know what ? Let 's just forget today ever happened .|I 'm working on it . Tonight is all about drinking ourselves stupid .
Here , honey . Play with these . Yeah ... workin ' Joe . I 'll tell ya . Since my business went bankrupt ... I got a lot of free time . I mainly use it to nap and cry .|Well , uh , Bob ... don 't cry on the cards . It makes ' em hard to shuffle .
Michael , I have never dined and dashed , and I 'm not about to start now .|Uh , well ... Remember when we went to nice restaurants ... and I told you to wait in the car while I paid ? Did you ever wonder why I was running to the car ?
Ohh .|Love it . Oh ! So cute . Enjoy , darlings .
This is bad , man . If I 'm not fighting against the system , I am the system . Screw it . I 'm going . Banzai !|Okay , I can take the check now . Or whenever ... or now . Uh ... Two more bananas Foster , please .
I want to come to you . But I know that 's not allowed .|You 're always so ...
Ok .|Two down , and one to go .
Okay , I can take the check now . Or whenever ... or now . Uh ... Two more bananas Foster , please .|Eric , what are you doing ? I 'm stalling . They 'll come back .
Oh , sure , it was ... It was awful , what happened . But let 's just put it behind us ... and watch Quincy .|Hey ! Oh , come on , Red . How bad would it be working with Bob ? It 's a big store . You 'd hardly ever see him .
Hey ! Oh , come on , Red . How bad would it be working with Bob ? It 's a big store . You 'd hardly ever see him .|Maybe you could ... You could hide from him . He 'd find me . He always finds me . Well , you better think of something ... because they are gonna live next door to us for a long , long time . You don 't know that . He 's out of work . He 'll probably lose the house .
Wow . I love when you get all worked up like that . It 's so hot .|Stop .
Excuse me , Ms. v. Bernburg . Got a second to discuss Sr. Superior 's birthday party ? Take a seat ! Well , Meinhardis ! You 've got two weeks to improve .|Yes , Ms. v. Bernburg .
Yes , Ms. v. Bernburg .|A strange girl . Like everybody really . What about the birthday party ? Oh yeah , the birthday plans . Maybe the girls could play something classical .
A strange girl . Like everybody really . What about the birthday party ? Oh yeah , the birthday plans . Maybe the girls could play something classical .|How about " Romeo and Juliet " ? O then , dear saint , let lips do what hands do . Non , non , ma petite ! You have to declaim .
Kleist ? Please ! Then move not , while my prayer 's effect I take|Thus from my lips , by yours , my sin is purged . No , no , no ! Blow a kiss in the air !
She won 't give me a chance to do it properly . I 'm well aware of that .|Not quite , Meinhardis .
Ohh . You 're the best boyfriend . See how easy I said that ? You 're my boyfriend . Holla . Heh heh . Heh .|Marco !
Oh , don 't the twins look adorable ?|How 's everything going ? Not great . Len , I 'm getting nothing right now I 'm trying to sell a loving family , but there is zero connection between them . Ha ha . You should have been at family dinner . Maybe we could do a different setup , Nigel I don 't know . Maybe some softer lighting . Hair people , thank you very much . We 're good to go . Step out , please . Ok , ladies , let 's try something a different . Uh , Laurel , why don 't you get a little closer to Sage .
Ok , why don 't you offer your granddaughters a smile .|Len , let 's keep this moving . I 've got a conference call in 30 minutes . Right . Right . We 're almost there , Laurel . All right , ladies , once again . We 're thinking playful , fun times with the family . Why don 't put your arm around Sage .
Oh , cripes . You want a job at Price Mart , Bob ?|I 'll think about it .
Bob , would you , uh ... like a job at Price Mart ? Say it like you mean it .|Go to hell , Bob !
Yes , Doctor , it 's me .|Ralph .
Where are our lattes ? How do you girls know that woman ? Oh that 's Emily . No , I know that that 's Emily . I know Emily . How do you know her ? No , see , I 'm the one asking the questions here , and the question is how do you girls know her ? She was in our drama class last year . Yeah , she just started Northwestern .|Can I get my coffee now ?
What does that actually mean ?|No idea , but it sounds good , like music .
How I anticipated our sessions together .|I circled the Tuesdays on my calendar for the entire year .
Where were we ?|Call me but love , and I 'll be new baptised , and ne 'er more Romeo . Children , there 's nothing better than a cosy Sunday . I shouldn 't lose heart , writes mother . The fatherland needs people of iron . I don 't want to be of iron .
Call me but love , and I 'll be new baptised , and ne 'er more Romeo . Children , there 's nothing better than a cosy Sunday . I shouldn 't lose heart , writes mother . The fatherland needs people of iron . I don 't want to be of iron .|Keep it as a souvenir . Brilliant !
Sorry . That 's my dad .|What ? She said it was over .
Whatever happens and whoever loses , Only one thing will never change in you : That crazy desire to live life to the fullest , betting everything you have just for fun .|When a tricky time leaves us very alone , the good memories will appear . The melancholy
Always fresh and lively . No shame in work , it ennobles . Sit down ! Are you doing a good job ? Give me a look . Yes , lovely . I should hope so . Diligence ! " Mr. adjutant , where 's your right hand ? " " You need both of them for the fatherland . " " Mr. adjutant , then help yourself to the left hand . " " For the fatherland . Hurrah ! "|This obscene song earns you a reprimand ! Where did you learn it ? From my father , the general lieutenant .
It 's our time to walk ... the rebel 's way !|We throw ourselves off and fly ... the rebel 's way !
Always going in the contrary direction , with fury and crying . If you 're able to feel , then you 'll be crying much . If your anger builds up , it means you 're alive .|Risk everything for the truth ... The Rebel 's Way . REBEL 'S WAY Episode 22
This is a school , a school , not a women 's jail . It seems that your daughter doesn 't know the difference , doesn 't see it , doesn 't ... It 's fine . Relax . Let 's try to speak a little bit more relaxed because she is a girl .|Where is the girl ? Please ! ?
What the Lodge is doing ... To make the kids crazy till ... From out of fear they 're running away . That 's how it is .|Pardon me , Marquitos ... Since when do you know so much about the Lodge ?
Go to bed now . Good night !|Good night !
Yeah , like I 'm gonna put down Will .|Hey , Will .
Who is it ?|Come in .
Eh ... Sorry ... I 'm leaving .|" Manu , I was thinking and I know you 're not listening .
For she 's a jolly good fellow , hip hip , hurray !|For she 's a jolly good fellow , hip hip , hurray !
Then have my lips , the sin that they have took . Sin from thy lips , for thou art sake my heart . What price O sin . O trespass sweetly urged !|I 'm sure Manuela will work in the theatre . She 's so gifted . The old lady doesn 't deserve it that they make such an effort . After all , she sanctioned flour for ten cakes . Even if she did forget the raisins .
The performance is nearly over . We have to hurry up . What are you after concocting there ? Doesn 't smell like punch . It 's for the children . The recipe comes from above . And that 's how it tastes too .|Attention !
Attention !|Now , everybody to the refectory !
Are you sure this is the right place ? Heh . Yep . Welcome to the public school system , ladies .|Oh , this reminds me . I forgot to tivo Prison Break .
The best of all was Ilse v. Westhagen .|Your performance was sublime . I enjoyed you all .
Now I know why there 's so much crime in this country . You know , my high school is just a couple miles away , and it was way worse . We used to have to go through metal detectors .|That must have been so hard for you . You know , with the headgear .
Yes , and bravo to our Romeo . I must return to the guests . Music , please ! Keep dancing !|What 's wrong , Treskow ? . Didn 't you enjoy it ?
You have your family , your capacity . You 're still young . You have everything to achieve want you want .|Thank you , Sonia .
Okay ?|Eh ... Yes , okay .
I 'm so relieved that you managed to win the applause of our esteemed Sr. Superior and her illustrious guests .|But next time even smoother !
But next time even smoother !|I just want to pay tribute to you . Above all to our actors : Romeo !
Yes , my sky . Of course I 'm still here . But you know , I don 't want to see you . I don 't want to see you , because what you did was ugly , the worst .|No , my love . I didn 't come to school because I wanted to . I came because you sent me a note which said : " Dear Mom , you 're the best of the world . We 'll retrieve all the lost time that we haven 't shared yet . " I don 't know !
Juliet ! And , last but not least , to our unparalleled Lorenzo !|The punch ! The punch . Come quickly . But don 't barge , there 's enough to go around .
It 's me , dad .|Megan . Hi .
Hi .|Wow , look at you . You look like a million bucks . Thanks .
You look really good .|Well , 18 months sober .
No , that 's not what she said . She doesn 't have to . And I also know , that she loves me .|Who gave you a gift of a blouse ?
Well , I 'll see you tomorrow .|Yeah .
No , don 't tell me they haven 't arrived , Vico . They were all from me .|What do you mean that you aren 't home ? Where are you ?
Where 's my guacamole ?|My sister is coming over for dinner , so you better make that three steaks .
And Racket hates Bernburg . I 'm scared !|I said too much !
I said too much !|I must go to her immediately . To explain everything !
This is needless suffering .|Yeah , you 're right .
But clearly you have things under control here .|Wait !
Wait !|Is Megan out with her dad again ? I 'm not sure where she is . You never ask me about my family .
Is Megan out with her dad again ? I 'm not sure where she is . You never ask me about my family .|Does Rami have a family ?
Does Rami have a family ?|Hey there , stranger .
Pablito , you 're surprising me , seriously . I thought that out of spite , you 've got something to do with that newspaper . But , please , Mia . I 've already forgotten the face of that chick .|Guys , why don 't you leave ? In five minutes I 'll be with you . Let 's go .
But there 's something I can 't understand . Why would the commission prefer a ... scholar ? And not a new kid , who pays .|I 'll reveal a secret to you . Come here .
Wee Gerstenberg ! How are you ? Fine thank you , Your Highness . Happy children are a pleasure to behold .|Young Wolzogen , isn 't it ? Happy here ? But of course . Father 's a distinguished officer .
I can sort of picture him .|He probably has this great smile .
You look pretty dapper yourself . Grazie . I was gonna go all out with the musk , but then I remembered it 's a straight crowd .|You 're gonna be fine .
Please be Charlie . Please be Charlie . Please be Charlie .|Lily .
Do you want to be my adopted sister for all my life till death do us apart ?|Fine , fine . I accept it . But if you continue to buy beers for this guy ... Not death will part us , because you 'll die first . I 'll kill you !
It 's our house and our food . So technically you 're eating with us .|Hello
May I still visit you ? I won 't be here any longer .|You 're leaving ?
Hello|Hi dad . Mr. Smith , hi .
Ah , harder , do it harder .|PEPA ! How many times have I told you to not bother me in my relaxing time ? Well , I didn 't want to bother you , but you have to sign the check to pay for the credit card . Ah , I hate it , I hate it ! I hate the accounts , I hate to pay !
Come to your senses !|Sr. Superior was right . Only strictness can cure you .
I didn 't realize it was gonna be such a big party .|Oh , that makes two of us .
I 'm just a teacher , nothing else . I 'm not your friend or mother . That 's the truth .|Do you get what I 'm saying ?
Grrr !|Here you go , kid .
Go now ! .|I 'm on my way .
So it 's going well ?|It 's like a perfect storm of everyone who gives me anxiety in my life . I mean , all that 's missing is Kurt Fullman . Old boyfriend ? No , no . Tenth grade lab partner . He had a lazy eye . Totally creeped me out .
Now give me tiger . Rarrh !|Who 's a funny monkey !
Pretty sure you still haven 't .|Hello . What have we here ?
I 'll take note of your decision . It saves me from having to issue an awkward dismissal .|But I 'll take it further : I blame myself for having hired you in the first place . That was only because Her Highness recommended you . You never fitted in here .
Are you kidding me ?|This is ridiculous .
Hey , Wolfie , get a load of this guy . If this fashion trend catches on , I 'm gonna start throwing trash in my hat .|You , sir , are the master of biting social commentary . You 're really embracing this whole Trash Can Head thing . Yup . You know what people say when they see me wearing this ? " I weep for the future of our kind " ? Well , yeah , some of them . But most people think it looks wicked cool .
No , I have a worse idea .|Let 's try those monologue jokes again . Just read what 's on the cards here . OK . Here goes . " So the mayor 's in the news again . Did you hear about this ? "
This hole was made possible by Eggman Industries . Eggman 's attacking the studio ! We got to help Knuckles . Wait , I want to see what happens next . Your new movie sets a new standard for incredible effects . Let 's roll a clip , shall we ?|Amazing ! It 's like it 's really happening .
Don 't harm her !|Forgive ! Forgive ! Forgive us our sins .
There ! There !|Meinhardis !
Totally messed up .|I just ...
This rig is sinking . If we can 't make contact , anyone here who doesn 't burn is gonna drown . You said Braxton took Keen . Why ?|Where am I ? Where are Agents Ressler and Navabi ? Did they make it ? Don 't know . Don 't care .
Eva .. Can I really try it ? Nick .. Yeah , of course . No I was lying .|Eva .. That 's kind of weird .
Eva .. Oh my god that 's so good . Nick .. Can I try that ? Eva .. Yeah , of course .|Eva .. It 's definitely not bad ; it 's pretty light and nice but it doesn 't compare to that .
I know that this may sound ungrateful , but ... they 're not the kind of family that I want . I get it .|You 're not the Osbornes . But so what ?
You 're not the Osbornes . But so what ?|I would give up every single one of my tennis bracelets just to have dinner with my dad again .
Eva .. Yeah . I just had one . I like met a guy at a bar for drinks . That was it .|Nick .. That 's it ? There 's ... ? Eva .. It was kind of awful actually . Nick .. Oh , it was awful , okay now we 're getting somewhere . What happened ?
Come on . We gotta go . We 're late .|Max ?
Eva .. Well , you know , nothing , but like , I was there early . I just got there early , whatever .|Eva .. And I was waiting for him and he was like 20 minutes late .
What do you want ?|Let 's go for a ride .
Eva .. You 're a filmmaker , yes ? Sorry , I was tying to remember your profile .|Nick .. I try to make films . Basically , I have been working on this one thing for like two years
Well , like you said , lily can be really sweet when she wants to be . Yeah . Well .|You 're a good person , Megan .
Nick .. and I 'm like totally stuck with it though so I am all like stressed and cranky about it .|Eva .. What 's it about ? You so don 't want to talk about it .
Eva .. What 's it about ? You so don 't want to talk about it .|Nick .. Aside from that , much less stressful project I 'm working on is this music video for my friend 's band .
How ?|I have a team working on it as we speak .
Charlie was right , you know . You 've really done well of yourself down here .|Charlie told ...
I have a team working on it as we speak .|Welcome back . Sir , sir , I think I found a doctor with a connection to Braxton .
Welcome back . Sir , sir , I think I found a doctor with a connection to Braxton .|You 're safe .
We don 't need to get into all that .|The point is , I 'm proud of you .
I need you relaxed . This is for your own safety .|He told me I need to take you back to a fire 26 years ago .
Nick .. You just asked me what I do . Eva .. You made fun of me for " what do you do . " How is ... so lame .|Nick .. I didn 't make fun of you that much . Eva .. Eva , wherever I am . Two ? Do I have two ?
I 'm sorry .|P.D. says there 's no sign of forced entry or foul play but Orchard never showed up for work . I just got off the phone with the boy 's school . He never showed up , either .
Nick .. One .|Eva .. One ? Whatever , I get a point for that .
P.D. says there 's no sign of forced entry or foul play but Orchard never showed up for work . I just got off the phone with the boy 's school . He never showed up , either .|Braxton has them .
Elizabeth , I want you to close your eyes . Now I want you to relax all of the muscles in your body .|Pretend that you can float .
As you float , all of the tension leaves your body .|Tension floats too but it floats away from you .
If this is what you want , then you win .|I 'm done trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with you . You clearly want nothing to do with me . And as long as you 're acting like this much of a dick , I don 't want anything to do with you either .
I 'm done trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with you . You clearly want nothing to do with me . And as long as you 're acting like this much of a dick , I don 't want anything to do with you either .|Hi , Marco . Are the girls upstairs ? They are . And you have a visitor .
Eva ... .. you just broke my heart . I was like " Oh my god he 's heard of them . "|Nick .. No but now there 's this opportunity for you to share that with someone .
Nick .. No but now there 's this opportunity for you to share that with someone .|Eva .. Absolutely . They 're like a ... what do you call it ...
Hi , Marco . Are the girls upstairs ? They are . And you have a visitor .|Hey .
Eva .. Actually , are you on The Lionshare ? Or have you heard of it ?|Nick .. The Lionshare ? No , I 'm not on it and I haven 't heard of it ; both those things .
I could go first if it 'll make it easier .|Why did you invite Lily ?
What 's in it for us ?|Life .
Turn around , Lizzy ! Go back !|No ! No ! Don 't ! Daddy said not to come out !
Nick .. I don 't know , I like gum .|Eva .. So , I 'm going to going to send you my last invite
I don 't need you to be Jimmy Stewart .|Good . Because I 'm not .
Eva .. Awesome . Nick .. Thanks .|Eva .. So , how long have you known you wanted to be a filmmaker ?
Speak . He needed a place to meet someone , someplace out of the way .|The address ?
Miss Baker . How many times have I told you Never violate the vinyasa . I am sorry . There 's a Patricia Kingston on the phone . Shall I take a message or ? Hello ? Is this Sage Baker ? Speaking . This is Patty Kingston . I was so delighted when my office told me that you called . I 'm so happy you returned my call . Well , you know , Nigel Barker is a good friend of mine . He 's photographed a few of my clients , and when he told me how fantastic you and your sister were at that photo shoot , I thought to myself , " I need to be in the Sage and Rose business . " Well , we have a ton of ideas of how we want our career to go . But we need someone to help us make the right choices and meet the right people . Well , you just met the right people . Look it , honey . You sound smart and ambitious . I like that . Here 's what I was thinking . I have to fly back to New York at 3 : 00 tomorrow , but I would love to squeeze you two in for lunch ? What do you say ? Absolutely . We 'll be there .|Oh , yes !
Oh , yes !|Thanks , Geraldine .
Eva .. Yeah . I mean , like , there 's plenty of things I haven 't seen but I 've not seen Ghostbusters .|Nick .. And Ghostbusters is one of them ?
Nick .. And Ghostbusters is one of them ?|Nick .. All right . That ... I can 't ... all right . That needs to be rectified immediately . Like now .
You know my name ? Rose : I don 't even know how to start a thesis . Well , you are in luck because yours truly has saved every paper That she 's ever done .|Let me show you the one that I did on Joan of Arc . Ok , I don 't know what 's sadder . That you keep all your papers , or that you wear that thing around your neck . I brought this for you . I 'm not that big of a fashion victim . Although , it does kind of match my cardigan .
Great . You 're here . Oh , so nice of you to fit us in to your busy day , Sage . I didn 't . I need to talk to Rose . Anyway , you 're not going to believe this , but we are having lunch with Patricia Kingston tomorrow . Who 's Patricia Kingston ? Huge publicist . Jessica Alba was going to wear this giant , ugly , purple thing to the VMAS Last year , Patty Kingston was like , " no . " Jessica was , like , " ok , cool . " How do you know this stuff ? Oh , everybody knows this . What ? ! I cannot believe she wants to meet with us . It 's amazing , right ? I mean , once we sign with her , we are officially on our way to mega stardom . Uh , don 't forget that you have a history test tomorrow , fifth period .|Right . We 're talking an hour . Yeah , but you don 't have Mr. Carp . He wouldn 't even give Lisa Lassek a hall pass when she was choking on her Swedish fish . Look , I probably shouldn 't miss this test anyway . I cannot flunk out . You 're not gonna flunk . I mean , he 'll probably let you retake the test once you explain the situation . The situation , of course , being that our dog died and we had to bury him . We don 't have a dog . They don 't know that . Listen , Rosie . When Patricia Kingston says she wants to do lunch , we do lunch .
Need I remind you that the price had already been set ?|That was before you volleyed missiles at me and my men .
Nick .. We need to watch Ghostbusters right now . Like , for real . I don 't know .|Eva .. There is a Blockbuster on the way to my house .
Go find the money , chief .|You do that and I 'll have what you want by 9 : 00 .
Son of a bitch .|Luther , I never thought I 'd enjoy having anything in my mouth as much as Petty Officer Virginia Sherman .
Nick .. But I don 't see anywhere in sight ...|Eva .. I don 't know where you could . Nick ... .. that would actually sell DVDs .
Can I let you in on a little secret about Belgrade ? I barely remember it . I 'd forgotten about the deutsche marks , and I don 't think I ever even met Henkel . Tell you the truth , I don 't think his name was Henkel . I don 't know who the hell he was , but this this , I can promise you , I will always remember .|Now get in the damn car .
Her meeting got pushed . She 'll be back tomorrow . And you didn 't think to mention that to me earlier ? Because I wanted to hear the whole story myself . And , ooh ! It 's a doozy . I ... Good luck with that one , sweet pea .|Iced tea means tea with ice .
Nick .. Lie and share ? ... all right .|Eva .. It 's all one word , right ? Ghostbusters .
Eva .. It 's all one word , right ? Ghostbusters .|Nick .. It 's not going to matter in the search field .
They 'll kill you if you don 't give it back . They 'll kill me if I do .|They 're arguing . What are they arguing about ?
How are you with a tranquilizer gun ? Come on .|It 's not that bad . How could something so right seem so idiotic all of a sudden ? This one time I put tinfoil in the microwave . Genius at the start . Bad idea in the end . Don 't think I 'm buying your " I 'm flawed , too " routine . Look , if it 's any consolation , I did the same thing . In fact , the first real pictures that I ever took ? They 're practically illegal . Ok , if this is going to a naked school girl place , I don 't want to know about it . Are you gonna let me tell the story ? Sorry . Go on . So , I was at a party at a friend 's house a few years back . I mean , this place was ridiculous . We had drinks coming out of our ears . Oakenfold was spinning , it was bananas . Every square inch of this place was covered with hot models and movie stars . Naked movie stars ?
Is she okay ? I 'm not gonna hurt you .|Is she okay ?
Nick .. What is this ?|Eva .. It 's my favorite little opener . See ?
Does she know where it is , the Fulcrum ? No .|But we were close .
But we were close .|If she continued , would it be dangerous for her ? Could she be harmed in any way ? It 's hard to say . She 's been through a lot . But typically , if the therapy is done properly and with great care then , no .
How long have you been working on this ? Pretty much since I 've been here .|And you never felt a need to discuss this with me ? I was going to . Absolutely , I was . I just wanted to get it right before I ought it to you . Well , you 'll have to explain that to me .
And you never felt a need to discuss this with me ? I was going to . Absolutely , I was . I just wanted to get it right before I ought it to you . Well , you 'll have to explain that to me .|Your story is amazing , Laurel . If I thought that I could come to you and say , " hey , I want to write a book about you , " I would have . But , you know , I knew that I needed to have something to back it up . I wanted to do my research . Draw up an outline , write a few chapters . Show you what I was capable of so you would know that your story was in good hands with me .
Eva .. To finally seeing it .|Nick .. And to me seeing it for like the millionth time .
Your story is amazing , Laurel . If I thought that I could come to you and say , " hey , I want to write a book about you , " I would have . But , you know , I knew that I needed to have something to back it up . I wanted to do my research . Draw up an outline , write a few chapters . Show you what I was capable of so you would know that your story was in good hands with me .|Well . I always thought that my story was worth telling .
Well . I always thought that my story was worth telling .|And I have to admit I 'm thrilled that you do , as well .
Ok , we 're doing that . Listen , Mandy , you 're a great girl . Dude , it 's ok . You don 't have to do the big speech . I mean , we 've only been on , what , three dates ? If you 're not into me , it 's cool . It 's really a timing time . Seriously , don 't worry about it .|But , um , can we still finish dinner 'cause my pie is on its way , and I was looking forward to it . Absolutely .
But , um , can we still finish dinner 'cause my pie is on its way , and I was looking forward to it . Absolutely .|Ok .
Not because of me or who I am to you whatever connection we might have but because of some object .|Some thing .
Not great . Patricia won 't sign me by myself .|She 'll only do it with the both of us .
Eva .. Do you feel like there 's a lot of pressure ?|Nick .. Yeah , totally . So much pressure .
Eva .. Ready ?|Nick .. It just locks ? Eva .. Yeah .
Nick .. It just locks ? Eva .. Yeah .|Nick .. Umm .
Do you have any idea who I am ?|Yes . I know just what you are . Sit the hell down .
Nick .. Okay , cool .|Eva .. Yeah .
So what do you say ?|Hello . Sorry , am I late ? I had to take my dad to the voting booth this morning . No , you 're right on time . I was just going through it again before we sat down . Oh , great . I have to say , I am really excited .
Nick .. Hey listen , I had a lot of fun last night . Eva .. Yeah , me too .|Nick .. Cool . What are you doing this weekend ?
Nick .. Cool . What are you doing this weekend ?|Eva .. I don 't know yet . A friend of mine is coming in from out of town . I don 't know what is going on with that .
Try me .|Call my bluff . Please . Call my bluff .
Eva .. But I can let you know if you wanted to like get together or something .|Nick .. Yeah , yeah . Cool . That 's great .
Call my bluff . Please . Call my bluff .|Heh . Oh , my God . I don 't know what the hell you 're gonna do with him .
Heh . Oh , my God . I don 't know what the hell you 're gonna do with him .|Honestly , he 's like a damn side of beef .
Eva .. Right . Definitely . I 'll like chat with you online probably .|Nick .. Okay , yeah . Totally . Nick .. Later .
Bracey .. How long does it take to get from the fucking front door to right here ?|Bracey ..  Oh ... I ... just got laid last night . I ... just got laid ... last night ... I just got laid last night .
Now , I can understand why you wanted to highlight the hardships I 've endured , but I don 't know , a lot of it just feels sappy . It 's just too sentimental . And there 's entirely too much emphasis on my husband and family . I 'd like to step away from that . I was just , you know , trying to put it into context . Ahh , the whole thing is feeling muddled . I thought it was breezy . After 35 years in business , there is one lesson that has never failed me . When the road is treacherous , take a different one .|Voila .
Voila .|We 'll start from scratch .
It may look daunting now , but , Megan Smith , tomorrow is a new day .|Fresh eyes in the morning .
Fresh eyes in the morning .|I mean , can you believe the audacity ?
Bracey ..  All night long ...|Matty ..  All night ...
I mean , can you believe the audacity ?|" We 'll start from scratch . Fresh eyes in the morning . " I mean , three months of research . three months of blood , sweat , and tears , and it 's just ... she throws it all away in one click . I know it 's not your idea but think of it this way , you 're working with Laurel on it , which means that you are a hell of a lot closer to getting your first book published . This isn 't even my book . I mean , for all I know , she 's gonna hire some hoity toity writer guy to write it instead . She asked you to meet up in the morning to start over . All right , obviously , she wants to work with you and your fresh eyes .
But I think someone may have tried to block your memory of that fire .|I didn 't make it up . The people and the events may have been there but in different roles .
I know this is difficult to comprehend .|Are you telling me I may never know what really happened that night ? I 'm telling you the people who could tell you what happened are the people who want you to forget .
Hurry , go .|You 're dead ! Don 't lose him .
Well , successful people are pretty controlling about their image . I 'm not trying to mar her image . If anything , I 'm trying to put in events and relationships in her life that make her more real and more relatable to people .|This book was supposed to be my vision . You know how E.E. Cummings didn 't like to capitalize ? That was his vision . I mean , I 'm sure people were all like , " hey , E.E. , your grammar sucks . " but he didn 't care . You want to know why ? because he had artistic integrity . After you publish , you can have as much integrity as you want .
This book was supposed to be my vision . You know how E.E. Cummings didn 't like to capitalize ? That was his vision . I mean , I 'm sure people were all like , " hey , E.E. , your grammar sucks . " but he didn 't care . You want to know why ? because he had artistic integrity . After you publish , you can have as much integrity as you want .|Until then , suck it up , yalie .
He 's got a bad temper . So what .|So what ?
Wanna die ?|Step closer , Kujo .
Still camera shy ? Some guys just don 't want to remember the good days . What a waste .|Here we go .
Here we go .|Say cheese .
Matty .. I 'll be fine . I 'll occupy myself .|Bracey .. That 's the song .
Well , we were practically inseparable growing up .|Always in trouble for some thing or other .
C 'mon you chicken shits .|Ready ? Ready .
Nick .. I 'll listen to it , I 'll try to get some ideas , you know .|Matty .. It is the beginning of bear mating season .
Three .|Four .
Matty .. What ?|Matty .. No , I mean bears , they 're starting to mate now .
Are you screwed ? You mean because I still have the same job I had when I was your age ?|It 's possible .
Matty .. There 's a direct correlation between bears and Nick .|Nick .. What website are you looking at ?
Did you guys really break into a zoo ? We were young , we needed the money .|Oh , screw it .
Goddammit , Kujo !|You 'll never boss me around !
Nick .. It 's too much . Matty .. Look , I 'm just saying there is a direct correlation between the bears and you and us ...|Matty ... .. it 's hunting season man . It 's potent , it 's in the air . You just gotta reach out and grab it , you know ?
We need to talk . But I don 't want to do it over the phone . Can I come over after my shift ?|Yeah , I 'll be here .
Hey , did you have a good ride ?|It was fine .
What do you want , you shit ?|What the hell you want ?
Bracey .. I mean , that 's awesome . And if you 're looking for something to do you can bring her|Bracey .. and tell her to bring some of that hot honey with her .
Bracey .. and tell her to bring some of that hot honey with her .|Bracey .. Bear fact , shit .
Bracey .. Bear fact , shit .|Nick .. I don 't know . I 'm kinda reluctant about that idea . I think it 's pretty terrible , Bracey .
You little ...|Shit . That 's snot .
Yep , that 's what I thought .|God , and what sucks is that you are completely cool with it . You 're practically dancing your way out of here . That is not true . But obviously I can 't change your mind about college . And I 'm not willing to give this up . Yeah , but you 're willing to give me up .
Are you okay ?|That 's a Kujo special , the nasal twist . I like that . You okay ? Hori , are you okay ?
Matty .. It 's true , man . A guitar is like nature 's pussy magnet .|Nick .. Bear fact .
That 's a Kujo special , the nasal twist . I like that . You okay ? Hori , are you okay ?|You okay ?
Sorry . Doesn 't anyone knock anymore ? The door was open .|What 's going on there , jumpy ?
Today we 'll be covering the birth of the warrior clans and the Kamakura society ...|Want some ?
This is class time ... Look who 's talking . Besides , he 's sick .|Enjoy your meal at lunch . Lunch !
That guy creeps me out . Heard he broke Hori 's nose . Word is , he 's the boss now .|More than just a gloomy freak . He 's just a nerd , a total nerd .
Bracey ..  God damn door . You 're gonna have to fix this shit ...|Matty .. No , what was that about anyway ? Yeah I know . Dad ? I said it was fine okay ?
I mean , after all that she 's done for me , all the opportunities that she 's given me .|I owe it to her to be honest .
I owe it to her to be honest .|Megan .
Dunno ?|Getting chilly . Let 's go get warm .
Good luck .|Hey , Geraldine . Is Laurel available ? She 'll be back later this afternoon . I can squeeze you in before her conference call at 4 : 00 . Oh , that 'd be great . Thank you .
Hey , Geraldine . Is Laurel available ? She 'll be back later this afternoon . I can squeeze you in before her conference call at 4 : 00 . Oh , that 'd be great . Thank you .|I am so sorry . I do not want to fight anymore . Me neither . I have something I want to say . Is it ok if I go first ? Yes , of course .
They 're just a bunch of idiots . We 'll freeze ' em one of these days . You gotta show them , man .|Show what ?
Matty .. Okay . Thank you .|Nick .. Yeah we 're gonna be late . Matty .. We 're gonna be late . Nick .. No doubt about it .
I 'm sorry I took it out on you .|So are we good ? We friends ?
Voice .. Please drive to highlighted route .|Nick .. It 's too soon .
And I 'd be lying to you if I said I didn 't and I don 't ever want to lie to you .|I don 't want you to lie .
Matty .. Oh , yeah . Actually Jane was the one that got me on to the show .|Nick .. Got you ... oh so you were a contestant ? Matty .. No yeah , you don 't remember when I was a contestant on the show ? Nick .. Yeah , can 't believe I didn 't remember that .
But I don 't want you to be mad either .|I 'm not mad . I was just ... it just seems like you 've been choosing Megan over me lately , and I just flipped out .
Matty .. Well , you know those situations where you have a girlfriend and they have a TV show they have to watch ?|Matty .. I basically watch whatever she watches and she watches Project Runway . So I started watching Project Runway .
Matty .. I basically watch whatever she watches and she watches Project Runway . So I started watching Project Runway .|Matty .. Project Runway . Project RUN ... way .
You okay ?|Kujo 's Turf
Gimme some paper , Yukio .|4th floor stalls are broken , try the 3rd floor . Got it .
I don 't want to stop you from doing the things that you want to do . And I don 't want to stop you either .|I love all the reasons why you want to go to Duke .
Matty .. Yeah it 's true , I mean , I did get into Lost because of you .|Nick .. Yeah .
I love all the reasons why you want to go to Duke .|And I know mom would be so proud of you .
Matty .. That 's what happens to me , I get into shows because of other people .|Nick .. Yeah , I don 't know ... these are always things that I just discover on my own .
Ok , now you have to open my present .|Ok .
No way .|Black flowers , maybe ... That 'd be cool .
Nick .. Yo . Girl .. What 's up .|Matty .. Hey chica .
Megan , come on in .|Is everything all right ?
Is everything all right ?|I , uh ...
Matty .. Thank you . Matty .. We put our powers combined ...|Matty ... .. we 'll be a totally suave looking dude .
I , uh ...|Whatever it is , we can talk about it .
Matty .. Whoa .|Girl .. Just kidding .
And the awful thing is ... is that I didn 't realize until now how incredibly insensitive it is to be thinking of your life as material . But I did .|And ...
Matty .. but apparently it 's fire . But if you go over here it looks like it 's dripping blood .|Girl .. Oh ...
Matty .. I wonder who goes about that . Is it sort of like some guy who owns the place|Matty .. has his friends decorate it or is it just people do it and then ...
It 's gotta be your personality .|Am I that bad ? Better than me .
I don 't want anything from you .|You 've been incredibly gracious to me , generous even . And ...
You 've been incredibly gracious to me , generous even . And ...|I don 't know what else to say except that I 'm deeply , deeply sorry , and if you want to fire me , I completely understand .
Well , I can 't very well do that , can I ?|I mean , how would it look to the rest of my staff , to my granddaughters ? Rose and Sage are in the middle of a school year . How would that be fair to them ?
You hold all the cards now .|Let 's see how honorable you really are .
You don 't know ? This is about you , man . I realize that .|But I just don 't know ...
But I just don 't know ...|Got an idea . How about we go make money on a tuna fishing boat ?
Nick .. Like , this is my break . So if I take a break from this ...|Bracey ..  ... and I 'll never see puppy again .
Bracey ..  ... and I 'll never see puppy again .|Matty .. I told you , you should stop buying these shitty lighters and get like a fucking Zippo , you know ?
Hey , there goes the ghost .|He 's got some disease . Won 't live much longer .
He 's got some disease . Won 't live much longer .|He should just quit school .
Didn 't it ever occur to you that I might have a job ?|Uh , no . But that 's probably ' cause I 've known you for four months , and you never mentioned you had one , but I 'm silly like that .
I work for Peter Friedland . He 's a sports photographer . Hey , like you . Like me ... except he gets paid and published and all that good stuff . He does mostly freelance , so whenever he 's doing something in town , he hires me to get his coffee , do his bidding and absorb his genius . You do coffee runs ?|You are blowin ' my mind here , William . Yeah , well ... tomorrow he 's giving me a really cool break , actually . There 's this charity tennis tournament over in west Palm , and he 's gonna let me cover it and critique my work . Really ? That 's amazing . I can probably score you and your friend some seats if you want . The Brian Brothers are playing . Well , that would be great . I mean , if the safari 's unavailable .
Nick .. Did that thing just explode ?|Matty .. Yeah . Yeah . Yes , it did .
You know I don 't really own any elephants , right ?|I don 't know ! Hey , girls . Big week next week .
Now you 've tarnished your record .|You 'll make your proud parents cry .
Finals are just around the corner . We gotta get serious . First up is English lit . Aww , yeah !|Do you know that since you moved into this house , I actually look forward to going to school every morning . Aw , thanks , Sage . Not a compliment .
I 'm here ! Yay ! Hi ! Come on . Give me your stuff , give me your stuff . Oh , my god ! I cannot believe you actually live here now ! I am in awe . And I am in awe of your outfit . Thanks ! Not a compliment . Why do people just assume ?|Uh , Caryn , this is Rose and Sage Baker . Girls , this is Caryn , my best friend from Yale . Oh , nice to meet you . You , too .
Matty .. Okay . You know it 's a nice day ; it 's 3 o 'clock , you know .|Nick .. Yeah . So fucking what ?
Jane .. Thyme ? No .|Matty ..  Anytime now ...
Jane .. Here . Matty .. Thank you . Jane .. It 's as hot as it goes . Matty .. It 's as hot as it goes , huh ?|Matty .. My dad called me recently .
Well , it certainly makes my job easier . Do you have something I can listen to ?|Um , yeah , Laurel , she bought us a day at the recording studio for our sweet 16 . I can bring you a copy of the single we cut . Good . And I can get you Eric 's number if you need it . Mmm , yeah , no thanks . I have it .
Yeah , like , it 's heaven here .|Hmm ... well , must be hard to figure out your future at that rate .
Matty .. Thanks . Jane .. You 're welcome .|Matty .. You should put a little more .
Oh ! Really ?|Ah , well , that is great !
What 's the point of winning at mahjong , if we just lose at baseball ? Yes , sir .|It was my dream .
Yes ?|Ok , this might be slightly awkward , but ... now that the assistant position at the Finley review is available , I was thinking maybe you 'd want to take it .
Jane .. Oh my god , you 're such an asshole .|Matty .. What , I like it .
Matty .. What , I like it .|Jane .. Do you want to cook the food ? Matty .. Yeah , yeah I do actually .
Jane .. Do you want to cook the food ? Matty .. Yeah , yeah I do actually .|Jane .. Okay , yeah . Well , you can 't .
He 's always right .|That was your best fastball .
Matty .. I 'm gonna take a shit and I 'm going to think about this .|Jane .. That 's great .
I hope you girls are ready to be famous , 'cause you 're gonna be .|Oh , my god !
Oh , my god !|We 're gonna be famous !
Boss Mizuguchi likes me , so I 'll put in a good word for you .|So ...
Nick .. Oh , that sucks .|Jane .. Yeah . I mean , it 's okay . It 's nice to be back in school again doing ... .
I mean , if my family owned half of the oil in this country , I would probably live with them until I got married . Wait a second , are you telling me that Will Davis is ...|Will Davis as in Davis oil ? Um , yeah .
Jane .. Yeah , exactly .|Nick .. Totally , like I wish I was back in school again cause I don 't feel like I 'm doing anything .
Yeah . I 'm starting to get that idea .|It 's a shame .
It 's just that our whole dynamic is going to be off now .|I think you 're overreacting ... No , it 's not about what you think .
You 're so useless . Thought you had more guts than this .|Gimme a light .
It was an accident .|Never mind . All right , it 's fine .
Jane .. I know , it 's like ...|Nick .. The education , that 's what you 're paying for .
Yes ! Don 't be getting any ideas , Yukio . You can 't recruit him without clearing it with the top .|Different story if I put in a word , of course . Boss likes me , you know .
I 'm not choosing ice cream , I 'm choosing my life .|In any case , hurry up . They 'll all melt soon .
Nick .. He 's like , " I have this song that I want to put out on YouTube and MySpace and stuff just to get more stuff out there ... "|Nick .. and so he was like , " Oh , you know , if you could video ... " So I was like , " All right , yeah , sure . Of course . "
If I pick a winner , I can join the crew .|I 'll never have to stand watch or fetch again .
It 's silly for you not to be working on something just because of this tutoring job . I told you , I was going to find a new project . I just haven 't figured out what that is yet . Well , if you ask me , it 's staring you right in the face . Uh , pork fried rice ? The effects of MSG , extreme bloating ?|Your life .
Jane .. I mean , I 'm sure you 're gonna think of something .|Nick .. Hopefully .
Jane .. Like , I 've always thought your stuff was really awesome .|Nick .. Oh , well thanks . Sure .
Some of these are very good . Oh , you really think so ? I wasn 't sure about the composition with this batch . No , I like them , they 're good .|Oh , no , no , sit down . It 's ok , it 's ok , really . I 'm sure the waiter will reappear one of these days .
Jane .. Too much . Too much . Too much .|Nick .. Dude , what the fuck did you do ? Jane ..  Oh my god ...
Matty .. Water 's not going to help you .|Jane .. Oh my god well then what am I supposed to do ?
I 've been refilling your coffee for over a year now , Peter .|You never had a problem with it before . I didn 't know you would wipe your ass with my paychecks before .
Jane .. What ... ?|Nick .. What are you doing ?
You never had a problem with it before . I didn 't know you would wipe your ass with my paychecks before .|I 'm sorry , was that too blunt ? Nope .
Jane .. What are you doing ?|Matty .. Milk 's a base , this stuff 'll like cut all the acidic shit out ...
I just didn 't want you to question my dedication to this job .|I 'm very grateful for the opportunity to work with you and learn from you . I 'm very passionate about photography . Oh , I know you are .
Your hair 's grown .|Yes .
Heard you lost .|Yes , losing 's all we ever do now .
Yes , losing 's all we ever do now .|Wanna join up ?
Caught under a shoe avalanche ?|Hello ?
Megan ... Smith . Red hair .|I was , uh , just calling to apologize again . And to see how you were doing , and you probably hate me right now , which I totally understand . It 's perfectly warranted . But anyway , if you just want to give me a call back , that would be great , ok ?
In this shit hole of a school , baseball was my only flower .|I staked my life on my bat , my dreams on my pitches . Watch me make the spirit of baseball bloom .
No . He 's probably still mad at me . Not that I can blame him . Oh , stop it ! It is not your fault he got fired , ok ? And if he is mad at you , he 's just another Palm Beach idiot . End of story .|So listen , I , um , I spoke to my boss about your article .
Jane .. Some time ? You do that shit all the time .|Matty .. Yeah , well , I mean , it 's usually just stupid shit , I can 't just will it out of nowhere ...
Matty ... .. when it 's something important , you know ? For you it would be important .|Jane .. I 'm skeptical .
Jane .. I 'm skeptical .|Jane .. Are you mad at me ?
Loser|Kujo , did you hear ? Yukio stabbed and killed Ohta .
Matty .. A little bit .|Jane .. Why ?
Nick .. You guys really got to stop with that or I 'm going to kill myself .|Jane .. Aww . " You guys have to stop doing that before I kill myself . "
He scares me . Scares you ?|People who know what they want scare me .
Jane .. You guys are so fucking gross . That 's disgusting .|Matty .. We 've been roommates for a long time , it 's only been a matter of time .
That punk 's taking us for fools . We gotta clamp down and show them .|How do we face that murderer Yukio and Yakuza Kimura now ? With those 2 gone they 're all puffed up .
Jane .. That was the one thing I was hoping it didn 't mean .|Jane .. Hey . What are you doing out here ?
Jane .. Hey . What are you doing out here ?|Nick .. Uhh , I didn 't really want to , you know , smoke in the apartment while you were there .
Nick .. Uhh , I didn 't really want to , you know , smoke in the apartment while you were there .|Jane .. Really ?
One !|Alright ! Alright ! Two !
Alright ! Alright ! Two !|Three !
All right . Ok .|And I promise to keep writing while I 'm down here . I won 't spend all my down time getting a tan . Good .
Six !|Seven !
Yeah . It was nice to see her . Crossed my mind that you might have been inclined to book a ticket home with her .|If you don 't want me here anymore , Laurel , I can leave . We don 't need to make a big deal about it , nobody needs to know why . But for whatever it 's worth , I want to stay .
If you don 't want me here anymore , Laurel , I can leave . We don 't need to make a big deal about it , nobody needs to know why . But for whatever it 's worth , I want to stay .|Working for you has ... it 's been everything that I 'd hoped it would be .
No way .|Nine !
Mom !|Help me , I 'm gonna fall !
In my position , it 's difficult to place one 's trust in anyone . I understand .|More than ever , I understand . And I plan to prove my loyalty to you for as long as it takes .
Die fucker !|You punk ass !
Len just flew these in from Fauchon , Paris .|Shall we indulge ?
Kujo , where you going ? We 're not done with him yet . Stop leaning on me for everything . You can handle the juniors yourself .|Who the fuck are you ?
Jane .. Maybe just one drag ?|Nick .. You can do what you want .
Jane .. I can , I can . Nick .. I 'm not responsible if he catches you of course .|Jane .. Yeah .
So , in a way , I helped .|In a way .
Jane .. So umm ... tell me about this Internet girl .|Nick .. Umm . There 's really sadly nothing to tell , unfortunately .
Wait .|What ?
I 'll get a new one .|Revised and edited by ju.vianna
Jane .. Do you think I could maybe have ... a cigarette ?|Nick .. Really ?
Hey , Aoki .|Go buy me some Home Run bars .
Go buy me some Home Run bars .|What , you chicken shit ? You 're Kujo 's gofer , right ? I 'm buddies with Kujo , so c 'mon ...
Jane .. Thank you .|Nick .. Sure .
Who put you in charge !|What you talking about !
Robert and I were married right after high school and were desperate to get out of Maine . Once we decided on New York , I did what every young girl did and got myself a secretarial job at a law firm . That 's where I met Miles . He was a lawyer ? And my boss .|We flirted . It was harmless ... Until Robert got drafted . And then a few months later , he went missing . I was inconsolable .
Leave if you don 't like it here . I love it here , you asshole ! Then stay till you die . I 'll make it hell on earth ! You can 't do it !|I 'll do something you can 't .
If you 're happy and you know it , clap your hands .|If you 're happy and you know it , clap your hands .
If you 're happy and you know it , clap your hands .|If you 're happy and you know it , and you really want to show it , If you 're happy and you know it , clap your hands .
And Miles ?|Miles was the flame that never went out . It 's been 40 years , and I have never told a single person this story . I never thought I could . Len is on the phone . He says it 's important . I 'll be right there .
Nick .. I am , I know .|Jane .. Yeah but you know it 's just like ...
Jane .. Yeah but you know it 's just like ...|Jane ... .. I know that things will be fine , eventually . So if things are going to be fine later ...
People change when they change .|Yes .
Jane .. Fine later , fine now .|Nick .. You get that from somewhere or something ? What is that ?
Nick .. You get that from somewhere or something ? What is that ?|Jane .. Umm , I don 't know , maybe .
Jane .. Umm , I don 't know , maybe .|Nick .. Yeah I do feel better .
Nick .. Yeah I do feel better .|Jane .. Good . Nick .. Cool .
Ok . Maybe it 's time for a chocolate break . I 'm feeling s 'mores . Anyone ? Super . You go start the campfire and we 'll catch up .|Look , sweetie , don 't stress out , ok ? You got this . Remember how worried you were about getting through a farewell to arms ? And you ended up loving that book . Speaking of which , how did you do on that exam ?
We haven 't gotten it back yet . Oh . Well , I 'm sure you did great .|Wow . Ha ha ! Look who 's crossed over to the dark side . Mwah .
Nick .. You going to be back for Lost ?|Matty .. Is it a new one ?
Matty .. Is it a new one ?|Nick .. Yeah , it 's the new season . Matty .. Fuck . Can you set the DVR ? Nick .. It 's already set . You just set it once and it remembers .
Nick .. Yeah , it 's the new season . Matty .. Fuck . Can you set the DVR ? Nick .. It 's already set . You just set it once and it remembers .|Matty .. I 'm not going to make it in time ... Matty .. We 're going out for my dad 's birthday dinner , so . Nick .. It 's your dad 's birthday ? Matty .. On Friday , but I mean we are just celebrating tonight .
What time is it ? Sorry . I didn 't mean to wake you . Go back to sleep . Oh . What are you doing up so early ? Study group doesn 't start until noon . Yeah , I know . I 'm just getting a head start on the day . I 'll see you at school . Rose ?|WFT , dude ?
I 'm going home .|Take care .
Good morning . Good morning .|Good morning ...
I do not know what creature I just ate , but it was fantastic . That 's squid heart .|Oh , my god . I 'm kidding . I 'm sorry . But I do love it when your face does that .
Aimlessly|Turning into night
Nick .. It 's definitely set ; don 't worry .|Matty .. It is ?
Matty .. It is ?|Nick .. It 's good . We 'll watch it .
Isn 't tomorrow Thursday ? Leave me alone . Happened to your other egg ? I 'll deal with it . Crack .|Hey .
Creeping into the night|Little by little
Little by little|Creeping through the night
The hand of God|Bleeds with pink
Nick .. You still want me to do that video right ?|Nick .. Okay , cool man , I got a bunch of ideas for it , it turns out , so .
You don 't have to go through with this , you know .|You 're probably more prepared than you think , considering how hard Megan 's worked you all semester . Maybe , but I can 't take that chance . This test , it 's ... way too important . Why ? You know they can 't hold you back now . It 's not just that . I don 't want to let Megan down . If I fail , it 's like she failed , too . What ?
Um , we shouldn 't talk about this now . You should rest . Finn , I need you to get me some things . Yes , Princess . Princess , I brought you some tea .|Whoa .
Nick ... .. and of course you 're all into new music and shit so I thought you might like to come along .|Nick .. Umm , I guess , if you get this before this evening give me a call back and maybe we can get something together .
So , we 're sitting at dinner , and she 's in the middle of this inane story . And all I could think was , " why am I here ? " I am bored out of my mind .|And then the lull hit . Oh , the dreaded lull . Heh . Exactly . And I started smiling , thinking about us .
Nick .. All right . Hope to hear from you soon . Bye .|Matty .. It didn 't fucking record ?
PB ? You in there ? I 'm busy ! See ? It 's fine . She 's just havin private time . I 'm lookin ' in ! Jake , what the hey ? ! Oh , my gloob ! Come on , man ! That 's pervy ! You don 't even know , man ! Dude ! Look ! See it ?|Hold on , proibles !
Nick .. I don 't know , I think it may be the show is just so awesome the DVR couldn 't handle it .|Matty .. The show is just so awesome ?
Matty .. The show is just so awesome ?|Matty .. I mean what little piece of technology knew I wasn 't going to be home
Wow . Heh .|Hey . You off on a business trip ? Oh . Well , actually , this is more of a personal nature . Oh . Where are you going ? Somewhere good ?
I 'm going to Santa Barbara .|Oh , my god ! Shh ! Keep your voice down . You 're gonna go see Miles ? No . I 'm going to Santa Barbara for the weather .
Thanks , bird !|Yeah ! Whoopie ! You did good , Ice King . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , man .
Nick .. You don 't need quality ? You don 't prefer quality ?|Matty .. Ah , it 's a TV show . It 's a TV show .
Nick .. but if you 're not into that sort of thing ... Matty .. Well I mean if you 're going to do it , then by all means do it , I 'm just saying|Matty .. when you need your fix , it doesn 't matter the grade , you just take it .
Matty .. when you need your fix , it doesn 't matter the grade , you just take it .|Nick .. Right . You 'll take what you can get , yeah .
You have no idea what you 've done , do you ?|What are you talking about ?
Probably six .|Whoa .
Whoa .|Um ...
Mr. Karp : ladies and gentlemen , put away all of your outside materials . Do not open these exams until I tell you to do so .|Your time begins now .
Where 'd you get these bozos ?|Ecuadorians . Bunch of them Polacks . How come they ain 't wearing their space suits ? That 's a union rule . If I couldn 't run this job without that fucking contract ain 't none of us gonna make any real scratch .
You must have seen fights before . Your friends beating up the African kid why do you think that 's been impossible to shake ?|They had my back after all the shit with Blanca . You know , they care about me .
What are you doing ? I read that the final slice of a garlic clove is the most delicate . You don 't want to waste any of this . You 're a sous chef , Luis . Not a rabbi . Just cut the garlic . I am beyond exhausted . Marco , I will pay you to make me a protein shake . Your grandmother already has that covered . But I do accept tips . Sage , protein shake ? I 'll pass . I am hungry , though .|Make me a snack , would you Louie ? Snack ? I 'm supposed to make a snack for snotty spice ? Unless you 're too busy checking out your own reflection in a spoon . Fine . When I 'm finished with this , I 'll fix you some apple slices with peanut butter and turn on barney . Ohh . Luis , the lady of the house asked you to make her a snack . Make her a snack .
I know kids on Lexapro who say it 's great and I still feel like shit . I mean , why can 't I catch a fucking break ?|Your classes , how are you enjoying those ?
Nick .. On the radio . Fucking ... applecury . I don 't believe this .|Matty .. Oh . Who 's applecury ? Nick .. It 's that band I was listening to that one time where you were like
Matty .. Oh . Who 's applecury ? Nick .. It 's that band I was listening to that one time where you were like|Nick .. " Oh , who is this ? " and I was like " Oh it 's applecury , they 're so great . "
Then there 's Blanca and her kid hardly talks . She can 't afford to send him to a decent school .|You think your feelings about Blanca in any way relate to this African boy ? She 's not black .
I just ... Oh , hey . Do you think that I could get a tour of your boat ? Uh , sure . I gotta get back to work .|I 'll call you later , all right .
I 'm sorry . I 'm so sorry . Hey , Megan , what 's up ? Were you guys just about to have sex right now ? Because , I could just wait outside . What 's going on ? Are you ok ? Well , Lily got married .|What ? ! Thank you for having the proper reaction . I mean , what ? When ? How ? Who ?
Nick .. All right , great .|Nick .. Just make sure you don 't show them this song .
I don 't think I can handle this , Charlie . I just don 't think I can do it right now . Yes , you can . You 're gonna be fine . Maybe we should cancel our double date tomorrow night . Seems like you 've got a lot going on . No . No , I don 't want to cancel . I 've been looking forward to it . And we 've had to reschedule so many times .|Plus , I really want you guys to get to know Will . Although if either of you want to run me over with a car right now , I might be up for that , too .
Ok . Am I nuts or is Luis incredibly hot ?|Oh , you are an assortment of nuts . He 's rude , arrogant . Just because he has an accent doesn 't automatically make him hot .
These the gentlemen ?|That 's them .
Thanks for stopping by .|Next time we 'll have party hats .
You want compromise ? How 's this ? Twenty years in the can I wanted manicott ' . I compromised . I ate grilled cheese off the radiator instead . I wanted to fuck a woman but I compromised . I jacked off in a tissue . You see where I 'm going ?|Yeah .
Guys , that 's enough , come on . It 's not his fault . Oh , yeah ? Maybe it 's your fucking fault . |Call the police !
I was just watching Borat on cable . You can watch that thing 50 times and it 's still hilarious .|He brings that lady his shits .
He brings that lady his shits .|It wasn 't fair to the people involved . You loved it when it came out .
Matty .. Dude , holy shit .|Nick .. Are you fucking kidding me ?
Are we still on for dinner tonight ?|Sure . Yeah , I 'll pick you up at 7 : 00 .
Bracey .. I 'm freaking out , I 'm freaking out . Clearly I 'm freaking out .|Matty .. Man , I mean , just go with it .
So anyway , two years ago I decided to donate 3 million to the lung cancer unit at Mt . Sinai . Wow . But once I visited , I realized I was putting my money in the wrong place .|By the time a lot of those people get to the hospital , it 's too late . So , I said , ok . How can I be part of the prevention ? Which is how I came up with moveyourbutt.org. And how did you dad react when you started the whole thing ?
I 'm your sister , you have to talk to me .|Is this still about Blanca ?
Millions of people take Lexapro . I need Mom 's cooking . It could mess with my blood chemistry . Do Mom and Dad know you dropped out ? No , and don 't tell them . I took time off , remember ? They broke my balls but it really wasn 't so bad . Of course not . I mean , you 're their pet . We 're Italian , A.J. You 're their son . Do you have any idea what that means ?|You 'll always be more important .
Bracey .. Matty . Nick . Eva .|Eva .. Hi , nice to meet you .
The eagle has landed . What ? He 's here ! Oh , finally .|And don 't create code . It 's weird .
Help !|Help ! My arms ! They 're frozen ! A.J. , what the fuck ? Dad ! Help ... !
Ok . I still can 't believe that you play the French horn . It 's totally my favorite horn . Mine , too . Plus , you know how when you play it you keep your hand inside the open end ? Well I used to stuff starbursts inside and take one out whenever my instructor wasn 't looking . Oh , my god ! That is genius !|Oh , hello , Sage . Rose , Sage is here . Hi . You want some ice cream ? No , thanks . Wow ! Zach , did you get those flowers for Rose ? Yeah , I was gonna get her roses but then I was like , obvious much . Isn 't he sweet ? Rose , can I see you for a moment ? Unless you don 't mind discussing your lactose intolerance in front of these people .
Hel ... Help !|All right , I got you . Stop fighting me .
Wow , Luis , you 're really good at chopping vegetables . Your hands are so strong . It 's a zucchini . It doesn 't take much .|But the way you do it it 's just so artful . You 're like one of those guys at Benihana . I could watch you work for hours .
All right .|Goddamn it .
So , I guess I 'm gonna take off . You are ? I mean , ok . Whatever .|Could you teach me how to chop ?
Look , it 's not your fault . You warned us .|Come on , come on .
Come on , it 's gonna be okay . Come on . It will , Mom . But he was always so happy . He was our happy little boy .|I mean , God .
But the heart wants what the heart wants . Yeah . Stupid heart .|Ok . Who did he say he was going to see ? I need to know ! I knew it . You don 't like Luis at all , do you ? Admit it .
Matty .. Evey time I try to get out , they pull me back in . Fredo ! Fredo !|Eva .. What is that from ?
He 's so cute and sweet . And ... Funny . Yeah . He got away ... to the backyard .|I told him to wait by the pool .
That 's it ?|Nobody 's got nothing to say ?
Nobody 's got nothing to say ?|How 's he doing , Ton ?
On some level , he may have known that the rope was too long to keep him submerged . Or he could just be a fucking idiot . Historically , that 's been the case .|Me and Carm were getting along so good too .
Matty .. This woman come in once and she was like " Give me three seniors for ' Failure to Launch ' . "|Matty .. And there 's no movie even close to that title on the marquee .
Matty .. And there 's no movie even close to that title on the marquee .|Matty .. Oh , I fucked it up . Nick .. You said ' Failure to Launch ' ...
Matty .. Oh , I fucked it up . Nick .. You said ' Failure to Launch ' ...|Nick ... .. and that 's what it was . Matty .. It was ' Failure to Launch ' .
Nick ... .. and that 's what it was . Matty .. It was ' Failure to Launch ' .|Matty .. Yeah . She asked for ' Full Throttle ' , I 'm sorry . But she was like
What are you talking about ? You 're not so great with the sharing . And from what I 've heard , sharing is a big deal when it comes to the whole relationship thing . You 're right .|I 'll do better . Yeah ? Yeah .
Well ... we don 't have to talk all of the time|How about we make out for ten minutes , and then I 'll tell you all about the stuff that my mom did at my 6th birthday party . It 's a real freak show . Make it twenty minutes and you 're on .
Bracey .. Throttling ... . you like throttling .|Matty .. Dude .
And you think he 's cute , right ? As a button . Hmm .|What 's wrong ? You seem all blue .
Matty .. All right , so give me a title , I 'll give you an example . Name a movie .|Eva .. Okay , umm ... Eva ... .. Ghostbusters .
Bracey .. Two seniors for ... ' The Great Ghost Bust ' .|Eva .. That 's breaking the rules . You 're not following the rules .
I guess it kinda was , wasn 't it ?|You know ... It 's ok to let your guard down every once in a while .
You know ... It 's ok to let your guard down every once in a while .|Doesn 't always have to turn out badly . But what if I 'm not fun ?
Doesn 't always have to turn out badly . But what if I 'm not fun ?|What are you talking about ? You 're super fun . Yeah . With you and , like , parties and stuff . But you know how you 're always saying , school just comes easy for me ? Well , being adorable comes easy for you . It 's a gift , Rose . You should cherish it .
Yeah ? What else did he say ?|It 's all right .
Uh , no . I 've talked to your dad . And I 've decided that I 'm just gonna stick around for a little while . Ain 't that great ?|Oh , we 're gonna have such a good time .
Bracey .. All right ...|Matty .. I think that was my joke anyway .
Oh , we 're gonna have such a good time .|Revised and edited by ju.vianna
No , it 's not that we didn 't like him , it 's just ...|So all those times you told me you were staying with Kimmie in the city I suppose you were staying at his apartment ? Sometimes .
Matty .. I see you had a long night last night .|Nick .. Yeah , it was pretty long .
Look , there 's something else .|What ?
Nick .. She 's nice .|Matty .. Yeah . Slammin ' body .
Which patient of mine says that ? Mine , Elliot .|Your favorite patient of mine ?
Nick .. Fuck .|Matty .. What ?
Hold on .|Oh , this is a whole thing . I know .
What do you say we take this into the bedroom ? Well , I think we 're here . Right .|What do you say we take this onto the bed ?
Nick .. Yeah ... you just knew it was going to end this way though .|Matty .. Well , come on man , we 'll make our own . We 'll call it The Bear Share .
What do you say we take this onto the bed ?|Are you ok ?
My fucking daughter , you motherfucker . My fucking daughter !|Hey , want some sambuca with this ? Tony , you 're making a big fucking mistake here .
Would you like to tell your parents what your grandmother said ?|My mother ?
You know , Mandy 's working right now . Oh ? Yeah . And she won 't be home till late . It just seems stupid to rush out . I mean , I 'm here . Are you sure ? I don 't want you to get into trouble . Yeah . I mean , she 'll understand , right ? I mean , you 're helping me apply to schools . It 's kind of a big deal . Ok , then I 'm pourin ' . Cucumber water .|Oh ! This is a disaster . Did you know that everybody in this town hates each other ? Um , yeah . It 's Palm Beach , not the freakin ' Midwest . Well , I had no idea . And the Reeses refuse to sit next to the Lynns , and the Lynns only want to sit next to the Gershmans , who haven 't officially R.S.V.P. ' d because if the Gatys show up , they won 't . Fine . Let 's just cancel . What ? Things with Luis were better before . I knew how to do the whole banter thing . And now , it 's all formal and weird . And it 's stressing me out . Can we just ditch the party ? And prove Mrs. Bennington right ? Not happening . Plus , Laurel will kill me if I went through her rolodex for nothing . Ok , this luncheon , it has to be perfect . Mrs. Who ? You can 't quit on me now , ok ? I 've got way too many problems . Like flowers aren 't here , my entertainment isn 't confirmed , and my speaker has the flu . What is this about me being at the pool house tomorrow ? Megan , just say yes , ok ? I need to fill these seats , and I can 't take any more problems . Ok , ok . Yes . But I am not paying this much for a ticket . I mean , what are you guys serving ? Diamond lobster ? Ask Sage . Do not ask me . I can 't deal with the menu right now .
You want anything ? No , I 'm good .|If there 's anything I can do , Tony , for Anthony Jr ...
Hi ! Everything good here ? Please tell me it 's perfect . Everything is perfect . Uh , what exactly are we celebrating ? It 's not a celebration , Will . This is for Cuba . It 's very serious . Rose , a word . Oh , good afternoon , Mrs. Bennington . I 'm so glad you could make it . I certainly hope you 're providing an alternative main course . My husband 's deadly allergic to shellfish . Of course . What 's the situation with the menu ? How would I know that ? A seasoned benefactress knows her guests , Miss Baker . Sage , perhaps you could go speak to Luis about how we 're progressing on the alternative course ?|Um , we have a situation with one of our guests . Apparently , shellfish will make him die , which , judging by his wife , would probably be a blessing . I guess we need an alternate lunch for him . What ? ! Actually , you 're gonna need enough for all the guests . If they catch wind that one person has a choice of entrees , they 'll all want in . Why didn 't you tell me this before ? I didn 't know . Ok . I think I have some portobellos I can work with . This is ... Great . Now he totally hates me .
No . She had serious problems though , didn 't she ? Not really . It 's all under control .|So the reason I 'm here you could probably guess .
Are we having a stabbing party or something ? Have a guess who set the table . Hmm ? There are quite a lot of knives here , Dad . Yes , we were going to murder your mother after dinner , remember ?|So are you going to tell me why she couldn 't come tonight ? What ? Oh , she 's very tired . She 's tired ... Who 's tired ? Alison . Oh , your pretend girlfriend . No , she really wanted to meet you . She 's just a bit exhausted at the moment so ... Well , three times a night with Simon ... That 's really funny . I must have invited that girl for Friday night dinner about nine times . It 's not nine times . It 's at least nine . When are we going to meet her ? Never going to happen . Excuse me . What are you talking about ? Jonny 's girlfriend . Oh . Is she pregnant ? No , Mum . Ugh ! You bastard ! Not bloody salt again ! It 's not salt , it 's gin . Gin ? Skill ! Oh , gin ? Can I have some ? No , Mum , not with your beef . Enough now , all right ? Yeah , and don 't waste gin . It 's your mother 's for when she 's depressed , remember ?
What happened at Coco 's restaurant .|This alteration you had with him ... You 're at the precipice , Tony of an enormous crossroad .
Oh , my god . They have a raft .|What are you doing working ? I thought you were leaving us for bigger and better things . First of all , there are few things bigger than this kitchen . And as for the cafe , I don 't think that 's happening anymore . Oh , no ? Why not ? Just wasn 't everything I needed it to be . And apparently , I wasn 't everything Keith needed me to be . So it all comes full circle . Wait , what are you talking about ? We broke up . Ohh . Oh , Marco , I 'm so sorry . What happened ? We were having different fights . I thought we were fighting about a cafe , and he thought we were fighting about the future of our entire relationship . How did it spiral into that ? We should have had his fight months ago . Back then it would have been small and manageable , and we would have made up . Yeah . Things get a little hot when you leave them in the pressure cooker . You 're speaking kitchen . Cute . Well , can 't you just make up now ? Eh , I think we said too much . And I should have fought harder to make him stay . It 's too late now .
I 've just found a button .|I can 't believe you said they 're yellow . No , piss yellow . Yeah , piss yellow . It 's just a little something for everyone . Oh ... This one 's for Adam . Oh , thanks Grandma ! Just a little something . Let me guess , a wallet . What is it ? A wallet ! Thanks , Grandma . It 's a purse . Or wallet . And here 's Jonny 's . I wonder what mine will be ! Oh , a wallet ! Thanks , Grandma . Pleasure , sweetie . I thought you might need a new purse . Wallet . What are they , wallets ? Oh , and have a look inside . A pound ? Oh , a pound ! Thanks ! Thanks , Grandma . Buy yourselves ... An ice cream . Brilliant ! Oh , and Martin ... Don 't tell me , another wallet ? Oh , thanks , Grandma . That 's very nice of you . What is it , a wallet ? It 's a wallet . A purse . Amazing . Well ... there are the presents .
You should have just told me you liked me . I don 't .|That was much better than being pressed up against a bedpan . Absolutely . But if you did want to put on a nurse 's outfit , I would not object .
Because I 'm a good guy basically .|I love my family .
Previously on Privileged ... Zach ! These are for you . Do you think it 's possible that I like Luis ? Kinda seemed like you did . You should have just told me you liked me . I don 't .|Mom 's home ! You gave up the right to call either one of us daughter when you walked out . Hey , Sammy . So when did you guys get back together ? A few weeks ago . Lily got married ? That sexy Sammy and her , they tied the not .
She 's forgotten me . Don 't be silly . Yeah . Course she hasn 't forgotten you , Jackie . I 'm telling you , Martin , she 's forgotten me . Look . Erm ... Would you like a yoghurt ?|What ? Nothing .
What ? Nothing .|Your mother 's a bit stressed at the moment . You don 't say ! What do you mean I don 't say ? I did say . Nothing . Jonny , could you do the bin for me ? Really ? God , these are massive . Yeah , also Val gave her a big book the other day all about the ...
Your mother 's a bit stressed at the moment . You don 't say ! What do you mean I don 't say ? I did say . Nothing . Jonny , could you do the bin for me ? Really ? God , these are massive . Yeah , also Val gave her a big book the other day all about the ...|The what ? The menopause . Ugh ! Did you have to tell me that ? Talking of the er ... menopause ... any , erm ... any ... You know , have you , er ... ? Have I ... been going through the menopause ? Funnily enough , no , Dad . No , you know , any ... ? Dad ! Females , any females ? Females ! You make them sound like they 're corpses . Well , are there ? No , no females ! When I get a girlfriend , I promise you 'll be the first to know . I 'd like to think your girlfriend would be the first to know , if you know what I mean .
The bail 's 25,000 . Oh , my god . I know . But you can get it , right ?|I gotta figure this out . Megan ... I 'll be back tomorrow . I promise .
All I can say is I saw , for pretty certain that this everything we see and experience is not all there is .|What else is there ?
Stab us in the eyes ? Shut up . Er , excuse me ? What ? Could we not have just got something with our 2 ? Your 2 ? Er ... Sorry , please excuse my brother for being a complete and utter knobface . Could we just have a half pint of lager and one extra glass , please ? Thank you .|Knobface . Keep the change . Thanks . Nice purse .
I like it . It 's sounds very proper . Exactly . We 're going to be proper .|Oh , they look so cute . It 's about damn time .
Ah , a refreshing quarter pint .|Oh , shit . What ? Look away , look away . What ? Why ? Oh , no . Has he seen us ? No , not seen us . Still not seen us . Still not seen us . Still not seen us . Seen us . Oh . Coming here in ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one ...
How 'd it go ? She ok ? She 's being held for possession with intent to distribute something very bad that isn 't pot . Did she ? I don 't know . She says she didn 't . But I don 't know . The story seems a little weird . Wow . Yeah . It 's like , I feel like I 'm in a daytime soap opera . Where 's my evil twin ? In jail ? Right .|Can you do me a favor ? Anything ? Will you take me to my dad 's house ?
Good boy . That 's it . What a good boy .|That 's it , almost there ! Good boys . Good boy . He 's not going to suddenly wake up , is he ? Is he ? Should you really be giving your dog lager ? Yes , this does sometimes happen .
Er , sort of at home now , Jim ? Well , just here 's fine . Just put him down there . That 's lovely , thanks .|Everything all right ? Oh , hello , Jackie ! Nice top . Erm ... thank you . Is it new ? Not really . Hi , Mum . Is he dead ? No , just drunk . Drunk ? Bye , Jackie . Bye . Boys ? Boys ?
We 're a family ... and like ...|Well ... Enough is enough . You know ? I really mean it . Great speech , Obama . Grandma ? What ? Can you just apologise to Mum ? What ? Just say sorry to Mum . You want me to say sorry to your mother ? Yes . Don 't be silly , Adam . She won 't do it .
Jesus ! Rose !|How did you talk me into this ?
Nicky boy , it 's Monty .|Close the door .
Megan , can I say something ? Yeah . I mean , I know it 's not my place , and it 's not my family . But I can 't help but have an opinion on the subject .|I know . Well , what do you think ?
Where do you live , in Vermont ? What took you so long ?|Why do you let her mother get to you ? Forget about her , will ya ?
TAKE A LOOK .|HE NEVER MOVES . YESTERDAY WE WERE HERE FOR OVER AN HOUR . I THINK HE 'S PARALYZED . PARALYZED PEOPLE MOVE THEIR HEAD .
HE NEVER MOVES . YESTERDAY WE WERE HERE FOR OVER AN HOUR . I THINK HE 'S PARALYZED . PARALYZED PEOPLE MOVE THEIR HEAD .|MAYBE HE 'S DEAD . SURE . AND THEY HAVE HIM SITTING IN A CHAIR ? IT 'S A DUMMY . THAT 'S WHAT I THINK . WHY WOULD THEY HAVE A DUMMY SITTING IN THE WINDOW ?
A hairnet ? For your new boyfriend .|Oh .
'Cause Luis is a chef . I get it . That 's funny . Um , we 're actually gonna go head out and get some drinks . Do you want anything ? Um , uh , no thanks . Ok .|Are you ok ? Oh , please . Like I wasn 't expecting this ? He 's poor . I 'm rich . Gasp . So shocking that he did it on the first night that you went out . Don 't worry . Jordanna 's lame sense of humor is not going to bring me down .
Are you ok ? Oh , please . Like I wasn 't expecting this ? He 's poor . I 'm rich . Gasp . So shocking that he did it on the first night that you went out . Don 't worry . Jordanna 's lame sense of humor is not going to bring me down .|Wow . You really like him . I know . It 's crazy , right ? It 's making me want to do stuff .
Willpower ! That 's the word I 'm lookin ' for . Willpower , I got no willpower . That 's what it is . Yeah , willpower . Make a left on Elm . I got a quick shoot . What shoot ? You didn 't say anything about a shoot . Leave me alone . I got enough problems . Just take a left on Elm . I got a quick shoot . I 'll be quick . You can help me , all right . Oh , I can help you . Well , thanks . You really think I got no class ? No , I don 't think you got no class . I 'm gonna be sad . Mmmmm . Very good , okay ! Now , I 'm gonna be a monster . Watch this , okay .|Now the big one . Okay , the big one . Can you be happy ? That 's a good one ! Okay , be happy . Okay , here we are . Smile pretty . Beautiful ! There we go , we got it .
It 's like yell it from the rooftops and buy him a Porsche kinda stuff . But that 's a great idea . Not the Porsche , but a gift . Something small to show him how psyched you are about you guys being together . Yeah , but you don 't think it 's too weird that I 'm buying him a gift this early ? Not at all . Look , it 's a really nice way to show somebody that you like them . And hey , with valentine 's day coming up , it 's the perfect excuse . Ahh , I totally forgot about valentine 's day . Thank god I have you . You 're so good at this dating thing . Ok . So the real question is what to get .|Sorry . Sorry , I was on the phone . Is everything ok ? Actually no . I need a favor . Yeah , I know . That 's why I 'm here . No . No . Not my bail . I need you to call this woman Evan Cantwell . She 's gonna be Sammy 's lawyer . They found Sammy ? No . When they do , he 's gonna need someone to represent him . So ... Wait a minute . You 're trying to find Sammy a lawyer right now ? I ' already been assigned a public defender . But Sammy 's gonna need someone who actually knows what they 're doing . He 's in some serious trouble . You 're in some serious trouble , Lily !
WELL , RICHIE , PIN 'S RIGHT ABOUT ONE THING . IT 'S THE FLU . I JUST WANNA DO A LITTLE BLOOD TEST , SO YOU COME WITH ME . WE 'LL GO SEE NURSE SPALDING .|HI , PIN . HI , PIN .
Zach , what are you doing here ? I have something I want to give you . And it couldn 't wait .|You got me a gift . Why ? It 's a nice way to let someone know that you care about them .
You got me a gift . Why ? It 's a nice way to let someone know that you care about them .|It 's a poem . It 's not like a check or anything . That is so sweet . Nobody 's ever written me a poem before .
Foreplay . Have you ever heard of foreplay ? No , not with your father . It 's nice we can have these little talks . Let 's go help Belinda pour the coffee . Wait , Mom . How did you know that you really loved Daddy ?|We were at Coney Island on the ferris wheel .
YOU GO OUT TO THE WAITING ROOM NOW . PIN IS TIRED .|BYE , PIN .
How 's work going ? Marco 's great , isn 't he ? You know , I bet a letter from a guy like that would really help you get into culinary school , huh ? Yeah , absolutely . Come on ! Block him out !|This job is really important to you , right ? Yeah , really important . Then why are you trying to mess it up by dating Sage Baker ? How 'd you know about that ? Because she told me .
Did you leave her there ?|It was the hardest thing that I 've ever had to do . I 'm not even sure that I made the right decision .
You did it again , huh ?|We were winners . We could 've walked away .
You 're welcome .|I should let Marco know I 'm here . So , yeah .
HE LOOKS DIRTY AND , UH , DISEASED .|I DON 'T WANT YOU BRINGING HIM IN THIS HOUSE AGAIN . WHY DON 'T YOU JUST STERILIZE HIM AT THE DOOR ?
I KNOW THE DOCTOR DOESN 'T LIKE ME TALKING TO YOU WHEN HE 'S NOT HERE .|COULDN 'T I DO IT JUST THIS ONCE ? I DON 'T HAVE ANY OTHER FRIENDS TO TALK TO EXCEPT YOU ...
Then he 's like . Thanks . They 're great .|But in a way that was totally false . Well , maybe you got the wrong ones , like the wrong size or something . Hey , girls , ready to do some bio . Megan , do you know anything about knives ? I already don 't like where this conversation is going . Forget it . Don 't worry about it . Ok . If he doesn 't like them , then I 'll just return them .
What do you see in this guy ? He has everything I ever wanted . You don 't ask for much , do you ?|Did your mother tell you everything you need to know ? She taught me how to fry bananas . Oh , beautiful ! You 'll end up working in a Spanish restaurant .
Where 's your father ? He 's directing traffic . Please , let 's go . Get outta here . Come on , towards me . Back up , back up ! Turn the wheel to the right . The wheel ! Where 're you goin ' , what 's happening here ? We gotta get outta here . Hold it , will ya , he ain 't goin ' nowhere . What 's your problem ?|Hey ! Whoo ! Hey !
Now look , Julio . We 're family now , all right ? Just do the right thing . Make Allison happy . She 's a great girl . I know , I lived with her for 18 years .|Can I call you dad ?
No , I don 't . Me neither .|I need to put this family back together again .
How do I look ?|You look beautiful .
Try to understand . I keep hearing my father say , " Don 't . " He meant before you were married .|I 'm not so sure . You don 't know my father .
You miss him don 't you ? That old hag , he had his chance . Not for a second .|Now you missy , need to march over to that sorry boyfriend of yours and give him hell . 'Cause no one tries to pull a fast one on my Rose Baker .
LEON ! NO ! SON OF A BITCH ! I 'LL KILL YOU !|I 'LL KILL HIM !
Oh , wow . The point is , I get the knife dream . Ok ? So we 're not so different . End of fight .|Love that story . But we are pretty different . So what ? ! Big whoop . Everybody 's different . Megan and Will . Rose and Zach . Your parents were from two totally different cultures and they turned out fine . The point is , you promised me a date . And I just showed you my kittens in a basket . So I expect something in return . And if you make a dirty kittens joke , I will beat you with this .
Just pick me up on time and we won 't have any problems .|Oh , I miss Keith .
And your father , he is a million miles away .|Hello ? Julio , I just wanna say good night to my little baby . My father !
Hey , honey . You staying for dinner ? Where 's mom ? Not back yet . Went to get her hair done this afternoon .|What time did she leave ? Not sure . Been on the boat all day . You know how long these things take . Your mother loves her beauty parlors . It 's after 6 : 00 . Most beauty parlors are closed by now . Ah , right . Well , I 'm sure she 's on the way home .
He 'll talk .|Nicky , take it easy . Take it easy , Nicky . He didn 't mean it .
I don 't think she is .|I think she is gone .
Mom 's home ? She came home a couple of weeks ago . You all sat around like a perfect little family and decided to leave me here ? You gave my mom the money to bail Lily out of jail , didn 't you ? Yeah , I did . The charges against me were dropped . Mom bailed you out . She went down there . No , she didn 't . I never saw mom . Where 's mom ? Went to get her hair done this afternoon . I 'm sure she 's on her way home . I don 't think she is .|Privileged 1x15 " All About The Big Picture "
Ah , ah .|Who know a Scrappleton ? That 's mother 's lawyer .
YOU PROMISED ME YOU WOULDN 'T DO IT ANYMORE . I HAVEN 'T .|LEON , COUNT THE WEEKS . IT 'S FROM BEFORE THE PROMISE .
Well , I 'm Will 's dad .|It 's great to finally meet you .
My wife 's going to be so disappointed she missed you . She 's already in bed . Oh , I wish I was there . Well , um , not with her . I just , you know , I 'm also very tired as well .|What are you doing this weekend ?
Monty , what happened ?|Rose , you better sit down for this .
Did you cancel the check ? She cashed it this morning .|What ?
Oh , my God .|I can 't believe this is happening .
I can 't believe this is happening .|Yeah . I kind of can 't believe it either .
Yeah . I kind of can 't believe it either .|I thought maybe I was wrong , maybe something happened , but no .
LEAVE THE LIGHTS .|HI , PIN .
What 'd I say ? " You 'll never meet another guy . " Take out the garbage .|Take out the garbage . I didn 't even eat , I gotta take out the garbage .
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT FATHER 'S RULES , AND I ADMIRE YOU FOR BEING SO LOYAL .|BUT URSULA HAS A DECISION TO MAKE .
BUT URSULA HAS A DECISION TO MAKE .|SHE THINKS SHE 'S PREGNANT . I THINK SHE SHOULD TELL THE DOCTOR . SHE 'S AFRAID . SHE WANTS TO WAIT .
PLEASE . PLEASE HELP HER .|IT 'S NO USE , LEON .
C 'mon , what am I asking for ? One slice . You can stay up late , all right ?|The top one had anchovies .
All right , who 's in ?|Come on , pick the date he blows it .
Who 's there ?|Hey . How are you ?
PLEASE EXCUSE HER , PIN . SHE 'S REALLY UPSET . I UNDERSTAND . I REALLY APPRECIATE YOUR ADVICE . ANYTIME . YOU AND I HAVE A GREAT DEAL TO TALK ABOUT .|I TOLD YOU HE 'D HELP US . I KNEW IF IT WAS REALLY IMPORTANT , THAT HE 'D TALK TO US .
Get on your knees . Beg her . Tell her you 're thinking of killing yourself .|No . I don 't talk like that .
Do you hear me ? I don 't talk like that .|If you know so much about women , you talk to her . The hedge , Allison Capuletti . Allison , the hedge has a few words to say to you .
Look , if you don 't believe me , call dad , ask him . Why should I believe either one of you ? Look , I know how you must feel . You have no idea how I feel .|Mom was here all this time and you never once called me ? I did call you . You were on your honeymoon with your drug dealer husband , remember ?
WHAT 'S THE MATTER ?|NO EDUCATION LIKE THE REAL THING . EH , PIN ?
I 've been calling him all morning and the line 's busy .|Reddish hair . 5 ' 4 " and three quarters .
NO , SIR .|MIGHT BE EDUCATIONAL .
MIGHT BE EDUCATIONAL .|AND LEON , AS FAR AS YOUR MOTHER 'S CONCERNED , YOUR SISTER IS SIMPLY HAVING MENSTRUAL PROBLEMS . THERE 'S NO POINT IN UPSETTING HER .
Think we should try calling hospitals ?|No . Well , the cops aren 't doing any good . Dad , does any of this feel familiar ? Filing missing persons reports , calling the hospital . This is not like last time , all right . Your mother wouldn 't just disappear . That 's exactly what she would do . That 's exactly what she did do . That was different . She was unhappy then .
 We 're in here .|Just be calm .
I 'll have a number three with flour tortillas . Mmm . Two of them .|Um , I 'll have the special . Number one .
No .|Well , what am I supposed to do ?
NOW !|WAIT .
If I bet you , then I won 't make it .|Just remember : when the going gets tough , the tough get going . What if you 're not tough ?
Gimme a light , Lou .|Mmm , Monty , you gotta have discilton . Discipline .
Monty .|Monty , it 's 3 : 00 in the morning . Come to bed . You haven 't had a decent night 's sleep in weeks .
Monty , it 's 3 : 00 in the morning . Come to bed . You haven 't had a decent night 's sleep in weeks .|I don 't know how to sleep . I know how to pass out .
You think they will ?|I just think that you should give them a chance to see if they can pull themselves together without you . So you 're saying I should ditch my family ?
Coney Island . When the kids were small ?|Remember the time you put Allison on the pony and you tried to make the pony smile to make Allison smile ?
Are you calling me an enabler ?|If the crutch fits .
Rose , there 's a messerschmitt in the kitchen . Clean it up , will ya ?| Some joint , huh ?
I know .|Elyse Valencour is on line two . Again ?
I 'm sorry , but Marco would like to speak with you .|Of course . Because clearly no one in this house wants me to get any work done today .
Of course . Because clearly no one in this house wants me to get any work done today .|Show him in .
Show him in .|Is this about tomorrow night 's menu ? No . Actually , I wanted to talk to you about your offer .
Yeah . You have something in a dark black ?|He wants something he can wear four , five days in a row .
Very funny . One more word out of you , and he gets it . Come on .|Why don 't you two put your heads together , make an ass out of yourselves ?
My .|Hmm .
Lotta ! Hey , I love your dress . Oh , Lotta loves you .|Do they have that dress in my size ?
Chunky , black mailman oxfords , with adorable little white cotton socks . Big blousy bowling shirts . " Mel . The regular guy look . "|What ? You can 't be this crazy . He looks like a rummage sale . I know what I 'm doing . This is just the opportunity I 've been waiting for . You know , the boredom of unemployment could really drive a man to drink . Yeah , so could you too . Hey , take it easy , Nicky , will ya ? Take it easy . Monty , we need a mind like yours .
That 's what I 'm talking about .|Rose !
What are you doing here ? Sorry , I just ...|Well , I 'm just gonna get right to the point , I guess .
DOROTHY .|DOROTHY .
Perfect for picnics where you can be your own tablecloth . Tie has the bowling alley sportif look . Next up is Peter , wearing the regular guy lounge look in black on black , on black .|I think they like it . Everyone 's smiling .
Do you know where I can find her ?|I don 't . Look , maybe you should talk to Megan .
NOW YOU 'LL HAVE YOUR OWN ROOM .|I LIKE THIS ROOM , LEON . I HOPE I WON 'T HAVE TO LEAVE IT AGAIN . NO . NO , IT 'S YOURS FOR GOOD NOW .
I don 't . Look , maybe you should talk to Megan .|I 've tried . But nothing she 's saying is making any sense . All I know is that my mom was home and now she 's gone .
But you 've always been straight with me .|I just want to know what happened .
Nurse ! Where is she ?|They 're never here when you need ' em .
NOT A HACK , BUT A REALLY WORTHWHILE WRITER .|A POET . WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
She said she went to see you . She didn 't . I know .|But that 's what she told me .
And I wanted to help , so I wrote her a check , which she cashed .|As far as I know , no one 's heard from her since .
THERE ARE THREE OF US IN THIS HOUSE NOW . IF YOU CAN 'T ACCEPT THAT , YOU CAN PACK YOUR BAGS AND LIVE ON THE STREET .|IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT ?
It must be tough eating ' , huh ?|Eatin ' . You should see me go to the bathroom .
IF HE AGREES , DO YOU PROMISE TO BE NICER TO HIM ?|YES .
I like Hugh Jackman .|He never played Bond .
It was the most romantic moment of my life when he almost killed you .|Can I call you " dad " now ?
YES . IT 'S THE LAST AISLE AT THE BACK .|UH , CAN YOU TELL ME THE TIME ?
Can I call you " dad " now ?|Take it easy ! These are new stitches , you know .
We are ! Rose , come here . What ?|Oh , my God , that 's a good picture .
Oh , my God , that 's a good picture .|I have to call Patricia . Wait , is that Max ?
Take it easy ! These are new stitches , you know .|Why can 't you forgive and forget ? How could I forget ? Every time I sit down , I 'll think of him . Monty , how are you ?
All right , everyone out . Visiting hours are over . Please ! We have sick men in here . You too , doctor . Please .|Excuse me , the two of you .
Yes ? This is Mr. Capuletti 's business advisor .|What can I do for you ? Better yet , what can you do for me ?
Where 's the pistachio nuts ? There 's too much trouble with the shells . Oh , yeah ? I like the shells . Hmm .|You got any salami or provolone ?
Julio ?|Julio ?
YEAH . SOMETIMES , UH , I FORGET HE 'S DEAD . I CATCH MYSELF ABOUT TO DIAL HIS NUMBER .|ARE YOU STUFFED ?
ARE YOU STUFFED ?|NO . I 'M JUST RESTING .
NO . I 'M JUST RESTING .|YOU SURE YOU DON 'T WANT TO TRY THESE ? NO . THEN WE 'D REALLY BE LATE FOR THE MOVIE . WHAT TIME IS IT ? IT 'S 8 : 10 . YOU 'RE KIDDING . WE HAVE FIVE MINUTES .
I ordered pizza . You said this was an emergency . There is no emergency . He wants to sell his boat , his only source of income , to pay Will back the 25,000 mom stole . Ask him how he 's going to pay his rent .|He wants to go on unemployment .
He wants to go on unemployment .|Dad , you can 't go on unemployment . Damn straight he can 't . I 'm not going through that crap again . I don 't really remember you going through it with us the first time . But she 's right , it 's a bad idea . I don 't see any other way . It 's our responsibility as a family to pay Will back the money . Like hell . You think I 'm paying off mom 's debt ? She stole my bail money . Yeah , which you didn 't wind up needing . She didn 't know that . Ok , everyone , calm down . I can 't believe how insensitive you girls are being . Not just to Will , but to your mother .
Perfect .|Yeah .
I 'll kill her ! Let me go !|Boy , you got some nerve still being alive .
Boy , you got some nerve still being alive .|I went through this whole thing for nothin ' ? No , not for nothing , Monty . You proved yourself to me .
IT 'S GOT , UH , A STOPWATCH ... AND , UH , AN ALARM . AND IT BEEPS ON THE HOUR .|JE T 'AIME .
WAIT , YOU 'RE GONNA RIP MY SHIRT . JUST LET ME UNDRESS MYSELF , OKAY ?|AREN 'T YOU GETTING UNDRESSED ?
Hey , mom . That perfume is driving me crazy .|I think I married Rose to get to you , huh ?
I think I married Rose to get to you , huh ?|Good night , all .
I don 't know , a little .|Well , you don 't think something actually happened with Max , do you ? No . Then why are you still so mad ?
JUST KNOWING HE 'S IN THE SAME HOUSE BOTHERS ME . I 'M SORRY .|YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK ? I THINK YOU 'RE FULL OF SHIT . OH , GOD . I MUST BE CRAZY TO BE HERE TONIGHT .
You 're leaving ? I 'm just not really in the mood to watch a movie right now .|But , uh , I 'll call you tomorrow , ok ?
YOU KNOW , I TOLD MY BROTHER I WAS COMING HERE TONIGHT AND HE LAUGHED .|AND I DEFENDED YOU . BOY , WAS I DUMB . EXCUSE ME . I HAVE TO SEE ABOUT PIN .
Oh , and thanks again .|I heard this place was going on the market soon .
LEON .|OKAY , THIS IS NOT FUNNY .
That 's right . The owner is selling . But why ? It 's always so packed .|Is there something I 'm missing ? A colony of rats living downstairs ?
HELLO , MARCIA . OH , MY GOD .|OH , GET AWAY !
OH , GET AWAY !|WHO ARE YOU ?
Let 's see what kind of gin you 've got .|Oh , my God .
OH , GOD ! GO AWAY .|LEON , SOMEBODY , HELP ME !
Mistress Nature , please give me a few more years . I have no more need for you . The minute that passes means little to time ... only the minute that comes . Go down and look .|Then I saw something amazing : the condensation of the ages .
Then I saw something amazing : the condensation of the ages .|I saw the tumult of empires , the warof apPetites ... the reciprocal destruction of creatures and things .
I wish that I could explain to you why your logical approach to dealing with things does not work for my family , but I can 't .|And it 's not fair for me to expect you to understand .
LEON . MARCIA , IT 'S OKAY . IT 'S OKAY , HONEY . I KNOW . MARCIA , IT 'S OKAY . IT WON 'T HURT YOU .|IT WON 'T HURT YOU , HONEY . IT WON 'T HURT YOU .
I saw the tumult of empires , the warof apPetites ... the reciprocal destruction of creatures and things .|Ambition , vanity , greed and envy shaking man like a rattle .
WELL , HOW WAS YOUR DATE LAST NIGHT ? IT WAS FINE . JUST FINE ?|IS HE WORTH GOING OUT WITH ?
Ambition , vanity , greed and envy shaking man like a rattle .|And moving on to the centuries of the future ... everything began to pass more quickly . But with the same monotony .
Tell me what I can do .|That 's the thing .
WHAT 'S WRONG , YOU DON 'T LIKE MY COOKING ? IT 'S NOT THAT . WHAT THEN ?|I THOUGHT WE COULD HAVE SOME DRINKS , I 'LL MAKE COQ AU VIN , WILD RICE .
I THOUGHT WE COULD HAVE SOME DRINKS , I 'LL MAKE COQ AU VIN , WILD RICE .|DOESN 'T THAT SOUND LIKE A GREAT EVENING ?
Vilaca would make poems and more poems ... and the dessert never arrived .|When I thought it would be the last , there came another . Theme ! This crime merited a huge revenge ... an exemplary revenge .
THE FOOD SMELLS GREAT . OH , I THINK THERE 'S A PROBLEM WITH THE RICE . URSULA , CAN YOU RUN INTO THE KITCHEN AND TURN DOWN THE HEAT ? I 'LL INTRODUCE STAN TO PIN . GO ON , BEFORE IT BURNS .|SOME HOUSE . COME ON . TAKE OFF YOUR COAT . MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME . SURE .
Oh , well , I 'm not gonna wear these earrings , then .|Ok , how do I look ?
HELLO , STAN .|IT 'S NICE TO MEET YOU , PIN . I 'VE HEARD A LOT ABOUT YOU .
I DIDN 'T KNOW YOU LIKED CHOCOLATES UNTIL JUST NOW . LUCKILY I BROUGHT SOME WITH ME .|IT 'S VERY NICE TO MEET YOU . THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE CHOCOLATES . YOU 'RE WELCOME . URSULA TOLD YOU ABOUT ME ? YEAH .
And now you have new priorities , like your relationships . I mean , you met two guys that really care about you a lot .|Wouldn 't you rather hang out with them than a bunch of strangers ?
Beautiful Marcela .|Ah , Marcela ! First passion of my youth .
Is that any way to behave ?|Such an expensive present .
You wanted to see me ?|Yes . Yes , come in .
Such an expensive present .|The emeralds were the proof that Iwas the superior man .
So how did it go at the restaurant last night ? You still like the space ? It 's a great location .|Everything about it is pretty much perfect .
WHEN HE COMES IN , WE GRAB HIM AND THROW HIM IN THE SHOWERS . HE GETS REALLY P.O. ' D. HE GRABS THIS KID , AND HE NAILS HIM . THE FUNNY THING IS , WE WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP , AND HE LOSES HIS JOB .|LEON , YOU 'RE NOT EATING . I LOST MY APPETITE . THAT 'S PROBABLY ONE OF THOSE OCCUPATIONAL HAZARDS WITH CHEFS .
But my beautiful Marcela was somewhat lacking in innocence .|In fact she barely understood morality .
You need more ? No , no . This is more than enough .|But I can 't accept it .
OH , YES , LEON , PLEASE .|YOU REALLY HAVE TO HEAR IT . IT 'S WONDERFUL . AFTER DINNER , OKAY ?
SORRY . HE 'LL MAKE LOVE TO ANY WOMAN IN HOPES OF IMPREGNATING HER . AT THIS POINT HE 'S FATHERED , UH , 173 CHILDREN .|QUITE A POTENT GUY .
Iwill just mention that I discovered Italy with Isabela ...|Spain with Carmencita ...
" HIS HEART BEAT STEADILY WITHIN THE CAVERNS OF HIS BOSOM , " DRIVING HOT BLOOD THICK DOWN , DOWN INTO THE DEPTHS OF HIS LOINS . " HE LUNGED FROM THE DEEPEST DARKEST PASSIONS IN US ALL . " SHE TURNED WITHOUT A SOUND AND FACED HIM . " HE STOPPED ABRUPTLY . " IT WAS AS IF A KNIFE HAD PERFORMED AN INSTANT CASTRATION . HE WAS LOOKING INTO THE EYES OF HIS SISTER . "|DO YOU REALIZE THAT OUTSIDE OF YOU AND URSULA , HE 'S THE FIRST PERSON TO HEAR MY POETRY AND HE GENUINELY LIKED IT ? BE CAREFUL . YOU KNOW YOU HAVE A TENDENCY TOWARD BLIND OPTIMISM . I 'D LOVE TO SIT AND ARGUE , PIN . BUT I 'D LIKE TO GET DOWNSTAIRS , IF THAT 'S OKAY WITH YOU .
No , keep it .|Put it in a safe place .
Seeing Rio de Janeiro I felt a new sensation . The place where I had grown up ... the street ... the steeple ... the fountain on the corner ... Scenes of childhood engraved in my memory .|Mother .
I 'm really tired .|I don 't want to have another fight . No , me neither .
GOOD NIGHT .|DO YOU THINK I DON 'T KNOW WHAT 'S GOING ON HERE ?
DO YOU THINK I DON 'T KNOW WHAT 'S GOING ON HERE ?|I 'VE READ EVERY PSYCHIATRIC TEXT IN THE LIBRARY . LEON IS A PARANOID SCHIZOPHRENIC .
I 'VE READ EVERY PSYCHIATRIC TEXT IN THE LIBRARY . LEON IS A PARANOID SCHIZOPHRENIC .|NO ONE IS EVER GONNA CURE HIM OF THAT .
I have this vague memory of her from when I was little .|And I try to imagine what she looks like now .
AND I WILL NOT SEE HIM PUT AWAY IN AN INSTITUTION .|I TOLD YOU TO BE CAREFUL . I WARNED YOU ABOUT THIS PERSON . NOW LOOK WHAT 'S HAPPENED . HE 'S TURNING HER AGAINST US . YOU MUST ACT , LEON , BEFORE WE LOSE HER .
GOOD MORNING . YOU 'RE UP EARLY . WE NEED FIREWOOD . LEON , THANK YOU FOR BEING SO NICE TO STAN . SURE .|IT 'S REALLY IMPORTANT TO ME THAT YOU TWO LIKE EACH OTHER .
Oh , my God .|She 's so pretty . Yeah , I know .
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU I DIDN 'T LIKE HIM ?|BUT YOU DO . YOU READ HIM YOUR POETRY . WHAT IF I HATE HIM . WHAT WOULD YOU DO ? WHO WOULD YOU CHOOSE ? LEON , DON 'T TEASE ME . DON 'T PUT ME IN THE MIDDLE , OKAY ?
In life , public opinion ... the conflict of interests , competing greed ... oblige us to hide , disguise ... and deceive others .|But in death , what a difference ... what a release , what freedom .
I 'M LATE FOR WORK . I 'M GONNA GO NOW . DON 'T MAKE ME ANY DINNER . I 'M GOING OUT WITH STAN .|URSULA .
Seriously ?|No , I thought she looked like you . I mean look at that smile .
No , I thought she looked like you . I mean look at that smile .|Yeah .
Wow , did you just fire Patricia ?|Yeah . And it was really hard . I bet .
HELLO , PIN .|GOOD AFTERNOON , STAN . IT 'S NICE TO SEE YOU AGAIN .
She and Zach are at the beach making up .|It 's ok . This whole thing was really my idea to begin with .
A seat in Parliament and a marriage .|I know nothing of politics ... and as for a bride , let me live like the bear that I am . A political career is necessary , my son .
And now , I don 't know what I 'm going to do .|Sage , when I was your age , my biggest concern was trying to get Ethan Hawke to marry me .
This is the young Virgilia ... perhaps the most petulant creature in the human race . Certainly the most headstrong .|I was to meet her very soon . And very soon a romance will begin .
I was to meet her very soon . And very soon a romance will begin .|But let us get on with the story without interruptions . We are with my father , drinking coffee , when ...
Hmm .|If I leave now , I can still make it to the airport and pick him up .
She was beautiful , but ... lame .|So I decided to follow the words of the Holy Scriptures which say : " Arise and go into the city . " Acts 9 , 6 .
So I decided to follow the words of the Holy Scriptures which say : " Arise and go into the city . " Acts 9 , 6 .|I have to go back to the city . I want you so much .
I 'm the one who decided to give Shelby the money . It 's my responsibility .|This is just like a bad investment .
GET HIM , LEON .|BASTARD !
No , I owe you an apology .|Sorry I left like that last night .
I never thought of that . Of course you didn 't . Because a normal person doesn 't look at a glass of wine like it could kill their father .|I 'm sorry that I told you to ditch your family .
The woman that I fell in love with could never give up on anybody .|Did you just ... That 's right .
Did you just ... That 's right .|I love you , Megan Smith .
While waiting forthe time of my daily encounterwith Virgilia ... Iwould wanderthe streets .|Time passed slowly . Seconds seemed like minutes ... minutes like hours , hours like days .
Good afternoon .|May I help you ?
Did you marry ?|Not yet .
Hello ? Hi . How was your date with Luis last night ? You guys were out pretty late . Don 't get all singsongy with me . I 'm not awake enough for that yet .|Come on . I want the details . Last night was date number 7 . Stuff has to have happened by now . Stuff has happened .
WELL , I CAN 'T FIND STAN , SO I GUESS I 'LL JUST COME HOME . NO ! THAT 'S CRAZY . IT 'S A NICE DAY . DON 'T WASTE IT AROUND HERE . I 'M TOO BUSY TO KEEP YOU COMPANY SO ... GO SHOPPING OR SOMETHING . WELL , I 'LL SEE . MAYBE . I 'LL TALK TO YOU LATER .|URSULA 'S COMING HOME EARLY .
We 'll tell them tomorrow . We need time to prepare our speeches and buy the right outfits . Good point .|What do you wear for something like this ?
Yet it was he who snatched Virgilia and the candidacy away from me .|It is sad but true that my whole family suffers from heart problems . At times , for no reason it starts pounding over nothing .
The truth is my whole family has an unsteady heart . It must be just a murmur .|A murmur ?
Ok .|Then I 'll call him .
Then I 'll call him .|Oh , um , and did I mention that I love you ?
A Cubas ! For him , it was like a sword through his heart . 0r rather , his lung . A Cubas ! A Cubas !|He might not have died exactly because of the Virgilia disaster ... but that it complicated his final days is beyond doubt .
He might not have died exactly because of the Virgilia disaster ... but that it complicated his final days is beyond doubt .|I could talk now of the sobs , the black velvet , the coffin ... candles , priest , prayers and tears . But I preferto talk about the nose . Has the audience ever meditated on the function of the nose ... in the destiny of mankind ?
There is a populartheory that the nose was created ... forthe wearing of spectacles ... like the head forwearing a hat .|For a while , this explanation seemed definitive to me .
But a little knowledge of Orientalism was all it took ... to radically change my point of view . An Oriental spends long hours looking at the tip of his nose ... with the sole purpose of seeing the celestial light . Pay attention . When he fixes his eyes on the tip of his nose ... he loses his sense of external things ... he ponders the invisible ... grasps the intangible , detaches himself from the world ... becomes dissolved , etherized ... leaves his own body .|From this I learned an important lesson . There are two basic forces : Love which multiplies the species ... and the nose which subordinates it to the individual .
WHAT 'S WRONG ? NOTHING . HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT DESSERT ? MAYBE LATER .|I WROTE A NEW STANZA THIS MORNING . YOU WANT TO HEAR IT ?
STAN ?|STAN ?
WHY DIDN 'T YOU HELP ME ? I HAVE NEVER LIED TO YOU OR FOR YOU .|I WANT YOU TO . I NEED YOU TO . I DON 'T KNOW HOW AND NEITHER DO YOU , AND THAT 'S WHY YOU DO IT SO BADLY .
Mine .|I started to frequent the home of Virgilia and Lobo Neves ... and soon became an intimate friend .
I 'm gonna be late for school .|I 'll see you later .
I 'll see you later .|Please glass
I do not remember how many days the plant took to grow ... but it was so full of sap that it soon became ... the most exuberant in the forest .|And in the spring it blossomed ... 0r if you prefer , we kissed .
Wow .|So you were probably in love with her if you guys were together that long .
Bye .|Yeah , me , too .
STAN AND I ARE ON OUR WAY TO CAPE COD FOR A VACATION .|WE 'LL BE GONE ABOUT A WEEK . IS THERE ANYTHING YOU 'D LIKE ?
HAVE YOU HEARD FROM LEON ?|NO .
Tell me you need me to stay .|You guys shouldn 't be out here . Surf 's gettin ' pretty high . Sorry . Thank you .
I became good friend with the serpent .|This is an old story .
Throw that away !|But it is so pretty !
I learned today ... that I might be made president of a province in the north .|What splendid news . Your efforts have finally been rewarded .
My precious friend , please , don 't become like them .|Yes , I promise .
This is an old story .|Even the sun was sad to see us like this .
Almost as much as I hate emo .|Good . You 're alive . I ... Vaguely remember you hailing a cab and me stealing your sweatshirt . Sorry about at .
But I have an idea .|A great idea .
And that word is ... Goodbye .|Yes , this is " Goodbye " .
So , um ...|About last night , um ...
And maybe last night wasn 't the right time either , but ...|I couldn 't leave without telling you how I feel .
My father died on the 13th at 13 : OO hours ... 13 days after a dinner with 13 people .|My mother died giving birth to her 13th child ... in a house which was number 13 ... and this child died at 13 .
Did you guys have fun last night ? I didn 't even hear you come home .|Check it out .
Check it out .|Streamers , balloons . Kazoos . A little out of control , I know . I gotta get back . Oh . I 'll see you tonight , Megan .
I 'm kidding .|That was funny .
That was funny .|But this is gonna be the first time God has seen me in , like , forever . Maybe I should , uh , change my outfit . Come on . You look great .
What are you going to be when you grow up , my son ? I will have a law degree , father ... and will make speeches in the Congress that will fill you with pride .|Do you hear ?
Do you hear ?|Is mama angry with you , father ? No , mama is tired .
Really ?|Consider it my turn . I 'll head over before work . Um ...
Even if he does not look like it , he is a famous buddhist monk .|He hunts supernatural beings that cause trouble on earth .
You came ? What can I say ? I missed you .|You have any fun yet ? Uh , well , I tried to make a run for it , but I didn 't wanna be too obvious . I 'm not too spry in these heels .
Nha Lolo , how charming .|Mr. Damasceno knew your father when you were still in Europe . Your father was an extraordinary man . Excuse me , make yourselves comfortable .
At parties , Iwould look around but see nothing .|At the theatre , Iwould listen but not hear .
At the theatre , Iwould listen but not hear .|I had reached the age of forty and was neither a father nor minister . Iwas nothing .
That was straight in the glass ! Yeah ! Oh . Um , I 'll pass , but thank you .|Come on , babe . You can get it .
He 's the one who told me . How cute . What is your name ? Panda . I am Hsiao Ching . Let 's go .|Pai Niang is waiting . Pai Niang ?
Pai Niang is waiting . Pai Niang ?|This is my mistress . She 's really beautiful . We arrived here during a storm in the night . As to explain where we come from , I can 't tell you . Follow me .
Come on , babe . You can get it .|Dear god , why did it have to be them ?
But I 'd prefer it if you didn 't go around kissing ' my girlfriend behind my back .|Whatever it is you think you have with her , it won 't last . You lost , Chuck . Just deal with it .
Yeah .|Oh , my god !
Stop it ! Come on !|Stop it !
It 's still bleeding . I 'm gonna go get some towels .|I am so sorry for ruining your party .
Thank you for coming .|You know my little angel here never forgets her old Placida .
Some time ago in the Passeio Publico I borrowed a watch from you .|It gives me much satisfaction to return it with this letter .
What beautiful jewels !|The stars that shine in the night
The stars that shine in the night|Fell into my hands
The aisles were decorated with my mom 's favorite lilies , and all of their best friends were there , dressed up , looking so nice .|It was like this huge room filled with all their favorite things .
Goodbye , Virgilia .|See you soon .
This is the work of spirits . I will tell you ...|This night ...
Walk !|It 's terrible !
At times , Quincas came to visit me ... and finally expounded on his new philosophy , Humanitism .|In truth there is only one misfortune : not to be born .
Why not admit it ? Iwas impressed with Quincas .|His ideas were mature , his opinions full of zest .
My name is Elyse Valencour , and this might seem like a strange question , but have you ever met a man named Miles Franklin ?|Perhaps he came to your house about a month ago . Yeah . Totally . He 's a friend of my grandmother 's .
Pain , according to my philosophy of Humanitism , is pure illusion .|But another idea took hold of me : to have children .
Nha Lolo was deeply annoyed . The ease with which her father mixed with gamblers ... showed his family origins .|But for a child ... Iwas prepared to pluck this flower from the swamp .
To hop from a beach to a cemetery ... may be realistic ... maybe even commonplace .|After all , what separates life from death ?
Another successful operation .|Always stay on guard . Never let the bad spirits seduce you .
Hey .|I thought you 'd be gone by now . Yeah , I saw that your car was still out front , so I stuck around .
Whatever .|I 'd rather die than hurt you , Charlie .
Hey , new one ! You have to pay tribute to your elders . Yeah !|He 's good , this guy .
You 're weird . Go away .|Wait !
I love you , Charlie , and I 'm so sorry if I 've been a bad person and a terrible friend , but I don 't wanna lose you , and ...|I 'm really afraid I already have .
I 'm really afraid I already have .|You couldn 't be a bad person if you tried .
Poor Hsu Hsien ! She completely charmed you . Something terrible is going to happen to you .|Look .
It was an obsession . Iwas going to invent a remedy ... designed to ease the melancholic suffering of humanity .|Those three words : Bras Cubas Poultice ... would make me eternal .
Great inventions would change the world but the poultice ... would remain the same for more than a century .|This sacred remedy spanned decades ... surviving the bloodiest wars and all passing fads .
.. Delicious and not for you . Ow ! It 's enough to deprive me of sweets , but there 's no need to hit . I 'm sorry , but these little chocolate reptiles are my ticket to winning Keith back . They 're his favorite . Yay ! You and Keith are talking again ? That 's great . No , no , not yet , but we will be tonight when I go over there . You 're gonna show up at his door unannounced ? Showing up unannounced sounds bad .|I 'm going to surprise him and , uh , tell him I miss him and win him over with my passion , honesty , and turtles .
Look , I 'm not gonna apologize for sticking up for Charlie , and he 's probably never gonna apologize for punching ' him , so we wait . Wait for what ? Inevitably something will come up that will distract us from our stupid fight . Waiting for distraction is not a plan . Well , it 's less fattening than your turtle plan .|Rose ?
Taking a balance of the positive and negative ... one might think that there was neither a surplus nor a deficit ... that I was even with life on my departure .|But no ...
It 's him !|It 's him !
But no ...|I had a small surplus ...
I went out for breakfast . So early ? With who ?|I think the more important question is where were you last night ?
Poland !|Poland champion of Poland !
Poland champion of Poland !|Poland is a superpower . Poland is the best !
Poland is a superpower . Poland is the best !|Moldova tried , but Poland stood in its way !
Clear .|Quiet !
Pretty great , actually . That 's great .|I 'm great , too . No , you 're not , but you 're about to be .
Neck , remember .|You must do like this ... Don 't lean .
Neck ! Don 't give in !|Jadwiga is a bitch ...
How did you meet this Elyse person ? Or when ? Last night . Ok , so she shows up at the restaurant where I 'm stalking Polly Fagen and tells me that Miles is my grandfather and he 's sick . What do you mean he 's sick ? He had a heart attack last week , and now he 's in critical condition .|God , I can 't believe Laurel would just lie to our face like that . Ok , well , you know what ? We don 't know anything yet . And maybe Laurel has a perfectly good explanation . Explanation ? What 's to explain ? She did some guy a long time ago and didn 't tell anyone about it .
God , I can 't believe Laurel would just lie to our face like that . Ok , well , you know what ? We don 't know anything yet . And maybe Laurel has a perfectly good explanation . Explanation ? What 's to explain ? She did some guy a long time ago and didn 't tell anyone about it .|Unless , do you think mom knew ? No , she didn 't .
It 's not the reason , although you shouldn 't have . Bullshit . I could point to someone .|One guy who spits in soup .
What are you saying ?|Two days ago everything was fine .
I cannot get over what a great space this is . If you 're happy now , you 'll be really impressed when we get a cappuccino machine . And furniture , of course . Cappuccino machine ? It 's a trap . That way , people won 't doze off when they 're here workin till 3 : 00 in the morning .|Tom .
I 'm so sad ! Don 't go . She wouldn 't want this .|She 's right . Pai Niang , now a serpent would suffer if Hsu Hsien saw her in this form . So , in a last struggle , she appears as a woman to leave this world .
Why are you running away ?|I don 't have anyone anymore !
What information ?|Miles is in the hospital , Laurel .
It 's too late .|Begone , monster .
Wait . Watch it .|Come to my farewell party .
Come to my farewell party .|I 'll be damned . What 's going on ?
I think I just had a seizure . Marco . It 's crazy enough that you think you can go straight , but with Jennifer ? Nah , I 'm not going straight .|I just want a family .
Let 's warn Pai Niang .|We have to do something .
Look at him now ! Higher , higher !|Nice .
Hi . I 'm Elyse . Yes . Hello .|Nice to meet you .
Are you going with us ? I won 't ask again . Chicks dig nice cars . They surely do .|Look . Hookers !
Help me save Hsu Hsien ! Are you ready to pay the price ?|I am ready to lay down my life . Your life ?
Look . Hookers !|Have you seen ? There !
Are you relinquishing your magic powers ? For the one I love , yes .|Love , you say ?
Humans have something we don 't have . They have love !|Since you 're so persistent , I won 't hold you back .
So , how should we handle this ?|We won 't handle it at all .
We won 't handle it at all .|I 'll tell them .
I came back to save him .|Pai Niang ! Hsu Hsien is at Hokai 's temple .
Jadwiga takes care of the finances .|We 're screwed then .
Here is the temple of Hokai .|The bandits , now assistants of Panda , have to rescue the boy .
Why didn 't you ever tell us about him that 's not the kind of thing you tell your granddaughters .|I was ashamed . That affair is something I wish had never happened . Although , if it didn 't , mom never would 've been born and neither would we .
We 're screwed then .|You have nothing ? I buried some .
May your soul rest in peace .|He 's dead .
Hello ? Police , sergeant Kolodziejczyk . How can I help you ? Major Grygalewicz here . Put me through to my son ... To commandant Grygalewicz . Over .|I got it .
Hsu Hsien !|I 'm giving your life back .
Where does this voice come from ?|It 's her again !
Hsu Hsien !|How stubborn !
For us ?|Easy .
After killing him ? How dare you ! But I 'm coming to save him !|Enough ! Go away ! This time I 'll destroy you . I swear !
I can 't use my powers anymore . I 'm a human now !|You can 't fool me ! You 'll see what I 'm made of . Take a good look .
You can 't fool me ! You 'll see what I 'm made of . Take a good look .|Did you say something ?
Have you thought of a story idea to pitch David ?|I was thinking about doing something on senator Pearl .
I am a fish spirit .|Look at me !
I was thinking about doing something on senator Pearl .|Laurel introduced me to her a while ago . I figured I could score an interview with her pretty easily , but , um ...
Laurel introduced me to her a while ago . I figured I could score an interview with her pretty easily , but , um ...|That sounds good . You think ?
Mister catfish ... Hokai is ...|I know , I know .
I know , I know .|You know everything ?
Here 's what I propose : I 'll take you to a hotel , quick shower , change of shirts a visit to the town hall and then we will see .|Are you okay with this schedule ?
Gentlemen , our town hall is your house !|Bread and salt , traditional welcome .
What are you talking about ? I know that you weren 't at breakfast yesterday .|Yeah , you were somewhere in that outfit , but it wasn 't breakfast . Yeah , it was . Really ?
Szmaja !|Stay here and take care of everything . And if something goes wrong , I 'll rip you a new one , got it ? Yes , Mr. Mayor . The lounge , the bathroom , the study , three bedrooms , a full fridge . And our staff are at your disposal .
Hey . Megan , right ? Yeah . Yeah , that 's me .|So you 're grabbing ' some coffee ?
So you 're grabbing ' some coffee ?|Yep .
Panda ! Mimi !|I 'm so glad to see you again . Me too .
Yep .|You ? Green tea .
Here 's the key .|Thank you .
Good afternoon . I hope everything is fine . Do you like your room ?|Yes . Thank you .
Yes . Thank you .|And the service is ...
Sea , calm down !|Their lives are in danger !
How old are you ?|I 'm a prodigy , so it 's different .
Uh , we 'll have a green tea and a drip coffee , please .|No , I got it .
But that 's not what I was talking a about .|I know you don 't like me , so why would you invite me over here and stuff me full of grass drizzle ? Because I 'm worried about you . Why ? I didn 't just lose the best thing that ever happen to me . You did . Ah , snap . I 'm sorry . Could you speak up ? I 'm having trouble hearing you over the ticking of your biological clock .
If they are so keen , I can build them a nice car factory .|Yes , it 's a nice place .
My grandmother came from Silesia . Her surname was Hitler .|Hildegarda Wilk . Out of love for this beautiful fatherland she taught me Polish .
It could have been a pretty big deal , actually . Well , David didn 't like it . Since he 's the guy I 'm pitching to ... Yeah . Sure .|What ?
I 'll be ... Who the fuck will I be ? Damn !|You , Neck , will be ...
What the heck ?|Where 'd you come from ?
Let 's just leave it at that .|Fine .
Piece of cake !|There you are . Ever think about making a living as a hood ornament ? So how 's the wife ?
Right . A board member , production manager and head of future planning department .|Welcome !
Mr Thornton , you absolutely cannot do this . You 're turning this woman into a human target . Mac , I don 't have a choice . I think that is my choice , Mr MacGyver , and I have made it . My mother still would be in Soviet gulag if it hadn 't been for a man like Mr Thornton . I owe a debt , Mr MacGyver , and I intend to pay .|Pete . Excuse me , will you ?
Put me through .|Mister Minister , Mister Mayor .
Hello , Jurek , old pal !|What 's up in the capital ? Slaving away ?
Welcome to the Peace Through Science Symposium . I do hope you enjoy yourself this evening .|May I offer you some champagne ?
We do ? Even though I was avoiding my dad when I first got here , there was still something inside of me that wanted to see him .|You know , it 's like this inexplicable need .
Listen . I 'm calling to thank you .|For the investors . Yes , they 've come .
Yeah . Yeah .|Hey , I know you 're still thinkin ' about Rose , but you gotta pull it together , ok ?
What is it ? There 's gotta be a doctor here somewhere .|He 's having a heart attack . Let 's go .
Game face on .|Game face on . Thanks .
What ? A bribe ?|I don 't know ...
So you say not to be afraid of bribing ?|If they find out , they 'll drown us in this pool .
Let me show you .|Adipic acid in a compound including hexamethyline diamine .
I feel terribly lonely .|Good night , Oberleutnant .
Like a dream .|You were all I could think about . It 's not a dream , sweetheart .
Look , I 'm gonna have my hands full at this job , and I won 't have the time to deal with any interpersonal stuff between members of my staff .|Well , I assure you that our relationship won 't get in the way Yeah , it will .
Ja , we also imagined you like this .|My name is Gunter Wolf .
My name is Gunter Wolf .|Please call me Wolfie , Mademoiselle .
And , Craig ?|Yes ? You have to kill them .
Rose , wait !|What are you doing ? I can 't let you fly all the way across the country by yourself . I don 't want you to come with me . What ? You 're obviously keeping something from me , Sage , and , well , that makes me feel like I can 't trust you .
These are my friends .|Please meet my fiance .
Good . Let 's go .|Craig , you know that four of your men have been killed recently . Damn right , I know . Now you 're going to get the two people who killed them . MacGyver and Viktoria Tomanova .
I have a bakery , right ? All right , several bakeries . And the factory changes everything .|I sell four trucks of bread a day .
What happened to you ?|I wanted you to know that , uh , well , I just received a telephone call .
When they open , I 'll sell twice as much , right ?|I 'll tell you what this factory means . Money !
Look at me . You pulled me out of East Germany . I covered you in Burma . We ran the Panjuk together . And we got out together .|Together . It 's useless , MacGyver . For four weeks on our honeymoon , he was programmed every day . He 's ours for good .
He wasn 't my grandfather .|In any case , I thought you should know .
You wanna bet ? Take a look at what 's going on here , lady . No .|Oh , yeah .
Oh , yeah .|He 's still mine , MacGyver .
Oh , my God !|Viki , get his shirt open . His heart isn 't damaged yet .
I learnt it at the University in Kar ...|And using Eau de Cologne .
Craig ! Fight it ! Fight !|Come on .
Sex ... sex ...|So , is that enough , or do you need a few pills more ?
Speak clearly , Szmaja .|The goose that lays golden eggs why would it want to lay them right here ?
I love you , Keith .|Marry me .
Marry me .|Yes .
Come here .|Why ?
You 're kidding .|Yeah . He said , uh , maybe in the future , but doesn 't look like there 's any space for me in this issue .
And what could I buy ?|An island , Tonio . The island of Robinson , you know ?
Please ...|Hello , Mousie .
What ? No ! I told you yesterday I would come back the next day .|You must have misunderstood me .
You 're right . I don 't .|It feels like we 're fighting a lot lately .
You look wonderful . Maybe a little pale .|I must get rid of the wrinkles you keep engraving .
Now I have this course and I can 't talk . We 'll talk later , huh ?|Mr. Alexander , I am terribly sorry . I didn 't want to ... I mean I did . I 'm losing my mind . I like men like you : elegant , smart mysterious . And I forgot myself .
You 're right , my child . He 's a pervert . A sex fiend . A lecher . In the middle ages , they 'd have burnt him at the stake .|Mother is right . This is perverted . Go to your lab and play around .
A hundred ? Okay , write it down . A hundred thousand .|All right , I give the same .
So do I.|Gentlemen , business with you is sheer pleasure .
Gentlemen , business with you is sheer pleasure .|That 's what I call patriotism .
Or ...|Well , it 's what happened .
Tony gave me many a good tip in the past .|Well it 's running , for a start . It runs and runs and runs ... The egg of Columbus ! Tonio , your tip was dead right . Fantastic .
Are you ... unpacking or packing ?|I 'm gonna move into my own room .
I 'm gonna move into my own room .|You hate me , don 't you ?
Have you ever hunted a great white shark ?|Do you feel like dancing , Gunter ?
Look , I realized that ... you not telling me about mom and dad , well , it 's just one of the hundreds of ways that you 've been protecting me my whole life . What do you mean ? And it 's not just you , ok ? It 's everyone .|You guys , you keep these huge secrets from me because you think that I 'm , like , so fragile I can 't handle stuff . But I don 't wanna be that person anymore .
Making money 's fine , but get rid of this monster .|Poisonous spider ! Still , women are descended from those monsters . Besides , he doesn 't nag as much .
You guys , you keep these huge secrets from me because you think that I 'm , like , so fragile I can 't handle stuff . But I don 't wanna be that person anymore .|Ok ? I wanna be strong enough that maybe you can lean on me sometimes . I do lean on you . No , not as much . Not like I lean on you .
Ok ? I wanna be strong enough that maybe you can lean on me sometimes . I do lean on you . No , not as much . Not like I lean on you .|I just need to feel ...
I deserve it .|Szmaja ...
Hi , what 's up ? They are dancing ?|Who with whom ?
Yeah|Of course .
So which room are you moving into ?|The blue room .
I add it to the fuel ... and the fumes are getting ... absorbed !|Listen ... listen ! You can 't poison the board of directors !
The blue room .|Just down the hall
But I feel you 've always been here . I feel the same .|Let 's breathe some fresh air .
Now that is amazing .|Strange . I don 't get sleepy . Strange . Maybe ...
Strange . I don 't get sleepy . Strange . Maybe ...|Totally exhausted , those gramps .
You hate me ... don 't you ? I just need to feel ... like I can be on my own .|Will you marry me ?
Does it convince you to our location ?|It does .
Yes , I will .|It feels like we 're fighting a lot lately .
It does .|Don 't be afraid .
Will you remember ? A woman like you ? Till the end . You have plenty of women like me , stop it . Well , no .|I 'm very sorry , but you 're the first one here .
Listen . ' A hotel guest in Miami wants to open the windows of his room ... he pulls and pulls , it doesn 't open . Turns out it wasn 't the window , but the fire wall of the adjacent house ! ' They should make movies from these jokes .|Got something wet for me ?
Got something wet for me ?|Ladies and Gentlemen , a big surprise : Our newest porn movie !
Damn .|Study time .
Besides , we 'll be spending lots of time together in Aspen next week . Oh , you guys are going to Aspen For spring break ? That sounds fun . We do it every year . A couple of Thai massages and a few seaweed body wraps , and Rose will be back to normal . Now , are we gonna study ? I have a life .|Ok .
Don 't , don 't . Stop it , stop it ! We shouldn 't .|Because I have a fiance .
Let 's elope to the Caribbean , the Canaries , I 'll bathe with you in the ocean . No ! Stop . What are you doing with me ?|I can 't resist you . No !
I can 't resist you . No !|Maja . I want it very much .
Stay a few weeks longer .|You must swallow your vitamins , we girls are ready for action .
Smutty . Smutty . What they 're doing ?|Humans .
Main Messerschmitt .|How did you get the Kennkarte to my room ?
Push the key !|Damn car !
It 's my bug repellant .|Oh , my god ! No ! I know , it 's gross , but I have to get my skin used to it so I don 't get zits .
Let 's try it like this . I like different positions . There 's nothing about this in ' Robinson Crusoe ' .|Oh , smutty ! like a porn movie . But pretty sexy .
I 'd like to kill that moron too ! He doesn 't pick up .|Find them , Grygalewicz . I don 't know how or where . You have your cop methods .
Play along , Linda . With Robinson , morals are different . Never in my life .|Come on . Here , one can live and love . But how ? With three women ? This is not the most important thing . Just take a look around this paradise .
She didn 't fall in love in you , understand ?|She fell in love with Doctor of Science , Friedrich Sweinsteiger .
And you are Francesco , get it ? Franciszek Szpak . Hold on . What if the police catch us ?|Me , with my looks , in prison ?
They 're wearing balaclavas .|What ? What happened ?
Hey , gorgeous . I 'm almost done here . Oh , take your time .|So I heard a rumor that someone 's parents might be coming into town this weekend . And as luck would have it , I 'm completely free tomorrow .
So I heard a rumor that someone 's parents might be coming into town this weekend . And as luck would have it , I 'm completely free tomorrow .|I thought that I have to meet your parents , obviously . No , no , no , no , I 'm sorry , I forgot about that . I would love to introduce you my parents ...
What ? What happened ?|Gentlemen . You can 't do this , come on . Do you want to kill us ?
Except they 're not really coming . I made that up .|Seriously ? Why ? Well , because I needed an excuse to get out of going to Marco 's ceremony thing .
Gentlemen . You can 't do this , come on . Do you want to kill us ?|Bury us in the forest , like animals ?
I 'm confused . I can 't participate in something like that , that 's all .|Something like what ? I love Marco , You know that . I just think it 's hypocritical of me to attend something I don 't think should be happening . Two dudes getting married ? Come on .
Something like what ? I love Marco , You know that . I just think it 's hypocritical of me to attend something I don 't think should be happening . Two dudes getting married ? Come on .|I don 't believe this . It 's not like I 'm the only one in the world who feels that way . Most of this country agrees with me . I 'm not dating most of the country . And you know what , most of the country thinks it 's ok to wear mini skirts with cowboy boots , but you know what ? They 're wrong !
What an unjust world !|He 's got the chicks , and what 's left for me ? Peanuts !
And you 're wrong ! And I can 't believe how idiotic you sound right now ! Hey ! Forget it .|I got it ! Wait , no , I don 't got it !
Bury us in the forest , like animals ?|We are no Germans .
All night you were telling me how you love me . That we 'd go to the Canarabean to swim in the ocean . And in the morning you ran . I hate you . Maja ...|Maja , how come you hate me ?
Hello , Zach . I think Rose has just landed .|Wait , what ?
Wait , what ?|Hey .
Szmaja , you ...|I think it 's time to go back home .
I 'll be damned .|My balloon !
'Cause I 'm afraid . Some of what your sister was saying is true . You know , You are changing . And not in a bad way , but I 'm just nervous that if you change too much you might change into someone who doesn 't want to date me anymore . Oh , Zach ! Look , I just don 't if I 'm ever going to be the kind of guy who can go number 2 in the woods . And after 10 days of wilderness expedition , you might want a sportier guy , or , I don 't know ... You may be right .|Look , I don 't know what I 'm going to be like when I get back , or what I 'm gonna want .
That stuff works like a sledge hammer . Yes , on a board of directors . But will it work on a chieftain ?|Thank you , nurse . Narcosis successful .
But ...|I really hope we still want to be together when I get back .
I really hope we still want to be together when I get back .|'Cause I like you a lot .
She 's right .|Break a leg , break a leg . Well then let 's first have look just where exactly the appendix is .
Get down ! Maja ? You must come to the Market Square .|It 's a matter of life and death .
Oh , uh , excuse me , Laurel , it 's Will .|Hey , Will , what 's up ?
Hey , Will , what 's up ?|I 'll be right there . Um ...
I think he loves a Maja . Is there any Maja in the town ?|Field glasses !
Now it 's time for morning gym . Bow down , arms to the side ... To the side and up they go ! Work it out , boy ! Work it out !|Great Kalime !
Let that old senile grampa wake up , if possible without appendix . Hope it was the appendix ! And now the whole thing as kazachok : Appendix , appendix ...|Appendix as kazachok ...
I 'll go talk to her . I 'll talk to the caterer .|You need anything , honey ?
You need anything , honey ?|Oh , no . What did you do ? Nothing ! I didn 't do anything .
I had to fly to you .|I 've been waiting .
We 'd rent balloons to desperate lovers or for funerals .|The EU would subsidize it . They subsidize all kinds of bubbles .
Good luck with that .|She 's still your wife . And she loves you .
You have to choose : us or her . After all , we 're all having a child by you . Alright , you asked for it !|Sunlight , Omo and Purex , add Rinso and Clorox . In board meetings , I always get my way with what I propose .
No reaction .|Now let 's get going . You bad boy you !
What 's wrong with Sean Penn ? I 'm not interested , Sage . Not interested in what , having a discussion ? Yes . I don 't need to discuss everything . Some things just are .|But that 's crazy . If it 's not up for discussion , then what 's the point ? The point is to be grateful for the things we already know the answers to . It 's the people who challenge every tiny notion that are unhappy in this world . I 'm not unhappy , I 'm involved .
Ok .|When you wanted me to go to church , I didn 't want to , but I went because I knew it was important to you . And I 'm so glad I did , because I found out all this stuff about myself and I 'm better for it now .
Were you watching me sleep ? Maybe .|Let 's call in sick , spend the day in bed together . Very tempting ... Come on . We have so few days left . What do you mean ? Well , I 'm leaving soon for Oahu .
I only tripped . Darned roots ... Now here I come ! Ready ... steady ... up there !|Loser .
I just wanted to talk about it , but if it 's making you that upset , then ... we don 't have to , we can skip it .|Ok .
Thank you for picking me up . My car 's being detailed . Your car is always spotless . Exactly . Jeremiah , your home is beautiful . It 's built for entertaining . Yes , my mentor designed it that way . He had many dinner parties here . You ready ? I need you to leave first in order for me to set the alarm . Oh .|So you never entertain , Jeremiah ? I 've never had a reason . Would you like one ? I 'm planning a dinner party , and I want it to be very special . And your house is definitely that . Oh , you 're welcome to host it here anytime you want . Tomorrow ? Tomorrow . Sure .
Now if that wasn 't a lovely ending|Subtitles : Ironmaster and Corvusalbus
Well , have fun tomorrow .|I will . Thanks .
It 's a totally lateral move . The whole thing was better on Monday . So you don 't like the way it looks either . Well , that 's good . What 's good about it ? Well , at least the work that you 'll be doing will make it better , you know , something that you can more proud of .|I 'm not going in , Megan . Will ... What ?
Punch out ! Punch out !|I 've got the RIO 's chute , CAG !
You didn 't ask me how it was . Oh , right , right . How was it ? It was amazing . Marco and Keith were so happy , and the ceremony was so touching , I actually cried . Can you believe that ? Yeah . That 's great . Yeah , it was . And you missed it . Yeah , well , that 's ok .|You 're gonna miss a lot of stuff , huh ? I mean , probably . I mean , you 've already made up your mind about so many things , it 's hard to be open to all the new experiences out there . I 'm good with the experiences I have . It 's enough for me .
Well , you are a brilliant doctor .|Obviously , you will never play polo again . But is that really such a tragedy ? Will the world suffer if you can 't ride on your horse waving your mallet around ?
Hypothetically .|I can 't suggest that my client accept responsibility for something where he is not at fault . Then you 'd be giving him very bad advice . Well , I respect your opinion , Commander , but the answer is no . Good day .
But I just don 't think you 're the right guy for me .|I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry , too .
No , ma 'am . I 'm just another JAG lawyer who considers it an honour to oppose you in a court martial . See if you still feel honoured after it 's over , Commander .|Sir !
I hope you get everything you want .|Is it just me , or did the party get a whole lot smaller . It 's not just you .
You are accused of violating a lawful general order , Article 92 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . How do you plead ? The accused pleads not guilty , Your Honour . Very well . Please be seated . Commander Krennick , you ...|Who is the suit ?
Is it just me , or did the party get a whole lot smaller . It 's not just you .|Right . Well , I guess that means I shouldn 't order another cocktail . Well , they 're still free , right ?
Right . Well , I guess that means I shouldn 't order another cocktail . Well , they 're still free , right ?|Scotch and soda , please . I 'll have a champagne , please .
You don 't have to worry about being politically correct with me , sir .|What did it feel like , Harm , knowing you 'd never fly off a carrier again ? It was terrible .
Scotch and soda , please . I 'll have a champagne , please .|So , um , groom or groom ? I am friends with Marco . Are you ? Keith used to live next door to my family . In England ? Oh , no .
No . No , no . No , I can 't . No . But , uh , well , you know , it was a pleasure meeting you . You , too . Toodles .|We 're on the same shuttle . Right . You know , I 'll take the next one .
No , I 'm sure it wasn 't .|I wonder how it 's going to feel flying drunken tourists to Vegas ?
Oh , my gosh , what 's wrong ? Oh ! What happened ? Luis and I broke up . Oh , no ! Why ? I don 't know ! I guess at the end , we just really were too different , just not for the reasons everyone thought .|God , I 'm so sorry . Me , too .
What did Commander Krennick say to you , sir ?|She says the Bosnian Serbs are going to use my action to blow off the peace treaty . It could lead to an all out Balkan war with us in the middle . She had no right to approach you like that , CAG . Hell , I 'd lay down my life for my men , why not my career ? I 'd rather see you leave that to the seven line officers than one scared JAG lawyer , sir . You think she 's scared ? Well , she wouldn 't be talking to you if she wasn 't . I know Commander Krennick 's reputation , sir . She 'll use any tactic to win . Put me in the air , Harm , I know how to read these things . That 's why I 'm here , sir . To provide the read .
Mmm !  Mmm !|Mmm !
Hey . It 's my Hankmed hero . Hi . I heard you were amazing today . I was scared . Yeah , but you did it . You saved her life . That 's pretty cool . You know what ? Let 's celebrate . I 'm gonna make you some food . Evan ...|I miss my mom and dad . They 're my parents . They 've taken care of me my whole life , and they know me better than anyone . They may not have made me , but ... they made me who I am . Will you come home with me ? Of course I will .
I can 't say I think much of your profession . And I can 't say I blame you . There are times I don 't think much of it myself . How bad is it ? Under ordinary circumstances , they haven 't proven their case . But with the pressure the State 's exerting ... That 's a panel of naval line officers , mister . I 'm not saying they won 't be fair , CAG . But they 're under as much pressure as we are . Well ! Hello , hello , hello .|So , did you get the word ? That RIO , what 's his name ?
What was that ?  : Holly ? Oh , my God , it 's Vince ! What does this mean ? It means the party got raided , and we had to come home . Now get it together !|Hey . Oh , what are you doing back two hours early ? Oh , I couldn 't stay there . Couldn 't stop thinking about you . Holly , I feel terrible . So you missed three quarters of your game ? I 'm so sorry , but I didn 't even think you 'd want to go . But , I know , I know , I still should have asked . But you do have to know I would never do anything to hurt you .
Listen , Vince , I didn 't go to a party . I made it up , and you were supposed to feel a little bad , but you felt a lot bad . And , oh , God , I lied to you , and now I feel awful . There . I said it . Oh , I feel so much better . So you hurt me on purpose ?|Only ' cause you hurt me first . Mine was an accident . Listen , Vince , I was gonna tell you before , but I was so mad . And I didn 't want to be one of those annoying , crazy girlfriends , so , you know , I didn 't tell you . But we just got together , and I didn 't want to ruin our relationship . What 's that , Holly ? I can 't hear you . I 'm at a party .
So ... you don 't want to go smell hair products now ?|Are you still playing poker ? I stopped playing poker 45 minutes ago . I met a guy . We 're talking . Talking ? You don 't even know this guy . He could be a pervert . Val , why do you always have to go to the dirty place ? 'Cause that 's where you live . For your information , sex in any shape or form has not even come up . Yeah , we were talking about how we both love our birthdays , how we both hate touching the strap on the subway , how we both got choked up during that penguin movie . Oh , God . I really hope he 's not 10 . Boss , can I see you for a minute ? I need a decision .
Whoo ! Oh , yes !|I mean , uh ... that 's good . I 'm gonna go .
That 's it . Come .|There you go .
Tell me you 're sorry and give me a kiss . Man , better get your hands off my ass .|Sorry , man , I , uh ... thought you were Holly .
30 years later .|November 2011 .
November 2011 .|Thirty years and it still the same .
What 's wrong ?|This isn 't a bullet wound . No . I must have injured it when I ejected .
And what are the facts ? The Hind was destroyed . That is a fact . Its five crewmen were killed . That is a fact . There were no bullet holes found in Lieutenant Entwhistle 's body . That is a fact . And the only corroborating witness for the defence , Lieutenant Arnoldi , could not possibly have seen the Hind firing ! That is a fact .|And there , gentlemen , the facts end . Captain Boone thought he saw what he did not . He made a mistake . This is a mistake , gentlemen , that the Navy cannot , not now , not ever , allow to go unpunished .
At least you will be more comfortable here .|Dulce face it , this is a benefit that law gives women your age .
Thank you .|The defence may now address the court .
Enough ! Stop running !|Slow down !
And do not come all dirty , because the one who washes and iron is me !|And I don 't want neighbors to walk around saying : Look , that lady has two little animals . No way !
Oh if you dare to be late , I swear on my mother 's holy that I will ...|Hey you kids !
Hell , I 'll testify that they were shooting at us . You know you can 't do that , Painter .|Can you make it ? I spotted a clearing half a mile down slope . Sorry .
So all boy bands what ? Have five members . N 'sync , backstreet boys , new kids on the block , All had five members . He 's right . Damn it ! Okay , okay , okay .|We 'll put off practice for now and hold auditions for a fifth member .
We 'll put off practice for now and hold auditions for a fifth member .|Get the word out that auditions will be tomorrow morning .
Sir .|Ma 'am .
Get the word out that auditions will be tomorrow morning .|Did you have fun at eric 's house today , stanley ? I guess . What did you do ?
I heard the news that you were coming back , so I came to welcome you .|Thank you . May I come in ?
Thank you . May I come in ?|I 'd like to talk to you .
All right fine , she 's in until she screws up .|Yeah !
Tell me , what are looking for ?|Do you know what I love the most about being a priest ?
Do you know what I love the most about being a priest ?|Living without touching a woman ?
53 's inbound .|There 's Serbs everywhere .
Hey ! What are you doing ? Nothing , just shopping . Move along , sir . You see , sometimes you gotta just do that , Keep shoppers on their toes , try it .|Hey ! What are you doin ' ? Nothing , why ? Move along , ma 'am . That 's what being a mall cop is all about . Yeah , cool . Attention mall shoppers , The next 20 people to buy an orange smoothie Will also receive a complimentary nissan sentra . Hurry up . Ah !
Hey ! What are you doin ' ? Nothing , why ? Move along , ma 'am . That 's what being a mall cop is all about . Yeah , cool . Attention mall shoppers , The next 20 people to buy an orange smoothie Will also receive a complimentary nissan sentra . Hurry up . Ah !|Jesus , they 're gonna start a riot !
Jesus , they 're gonna start a riot !|All right , guys , here we go .
No ! Harm 's down there !|Gobi One . Gobi Two . We need help sweeping the area ! Gobi One . On our way .
Five years ago we founded the Hand of God Orphanage .|To seethe smile of a child that has just tried the flavor of garbage , is like looking God with our own eyes .
All clear , Gobi Two .|You didn 't think we 'd leave him behind , did you , sailor ?
I know all the sins they said you have committed here , in this house .|But God has spoken to me and I refuse to believe that a mother who has seen her children smile , could be able to take their lives away .
Go get ' em , rookie !|Where is stan ? Oh , he 's over at eric 's house practicing for his boy band .
I asked myself that same question as soon as I get in this house .|Here is where all happened ?
Hold it .|It 's about time you got back . I took a long weekend in the mountains , sir . Well , next time you ask my permission first .
I mean i feel the music burning inside me , But i just can 't express it right , you know . Well , eric , i think you 're just focusing in on the wrong thing . Boy bands aren 't about music . Boy bands are created by corporations to make money , They 're all based on " the garmlich effect " .|What 's " the garmlich effect " ? The law of physics that states
All right everybody , listen up , this is how this first shot is gonna work . The girls are standing here and then the members of the band walk by|Lookingcool . When you see us , you girls all scream like , " Oh , my god it 's fingerbang , oh , my god ! " , okay ? Are we going to get paid now or after ?
We wouldn 't give a rat 's ass if leonardo decaprio came walking passed us . Yeah ! Yeah ! Fine , who would you go crazy for ? Matt lauer . Matt lauer . Okay , fine , pretend that we 're matt lauer . Oh , okay ! Okay , roll camera . Timmy ! Ah ! Jesus christ !|? Fingerbang bang you every night ?
They kill my husband and took away my child .|The police could never find him and they think I killed him .
Come on . Let 's show ' em how it 's done .|Unh .
Thank you .|Abel ! What are you doing ?
Abel ! AD Califum !|AD Califum is Latin . I still don 't know the meaning of that phrase . All those years at St. Christopher 's I lived like a zombie , like a sleepwalker , Forever dreaming of an awakening , waiting for an unpredictable event that would set me free and let me be myself at last .
Timmy !|Goddamn it , our camera guy kinda sucks , But this next shot we did was really cool .
Come on , let 's go !|One , two , Three !
Because you are too little kid .|So what ? Are you jealous , fool ?
So what ? Are you jealous , fool ?|You crossed the line !
Start reading when they get to Canada .|" Slowly , they passed the great lakes " called Reindeer , Slave , and Bear . " The big caribou entered the clearing " as the Indian had predicted . " The wind had not carried the two men 's scent to him . Very slowly , the Dutchman raised his Winchester while " ... He 's not going to kill the caribou , is he ? He has to . They have to eat .
? We are the little rains ... ?|I was just one of 15 members And i had no idea that a record producer was in the audience . ? ... The colorado trail ?
What did I say ?|What did I say to you Leopoldo ?
I think you would make a perfect member . What , me , you like my singing that much ? Yeah , i think your mustache is perfect . How would you like to come to new york|And start a singing career ? Oh my god ! I don 't know . I mean , i still have another year of high school .
And start a singing career ? Oh my god ! I don 't know . I mean , i still have another year of high school .|Hey , look , if you don 't want it , i 'll keep looking . No , wait , i mean ... i 'll think about it . I take it that means yes , call me in the morning . And just like that , i left everything . I dropped out of high school .
Get the fire hose ! Aah !|Aah !
Mommy ...|Tell me .
Tell me .|I love you so much .
Hey , you 'll ruin my picture .|Martine , isn 't your mother coming today ? Not today . Now look up here . Ok , now stand very straight . What about me ? Will you take my picture ? Sure . One second .
Martine , isn 't your mother coming today ? Not today . Now look up here . Ok , now stand very straight . What about me ? Will you take my picture ? Sure . One second .|Very good . Thank you .
Yes . Now ... now sit down , sit on the bumper . Yes . Now sit back a bit . A little more to the right . Yes . Ok , now cross your legs , like a real lady . Good .|All right . Good . Now close your eyes .
All right . Good . Now close your eyes .|Good . Shall I take you home ? Is this yours ? Sure . I have a dozen .
And face everyone that i had abandoned . Hey , weren 't you the guy in thatstupidboy band , " The ghetto avenue boys " ? Sure , i remember you . ? You got it baby ?|? You got it going on ?
And so , you see , stanley , Idoknow what i 'm talking about . Jesus christ , i never knew . I didn 't want you to know , because now i 'm a joke . Ever since then , i have wishedevery single day That i can go back to that moment when i was offered the job And sayno ! Because all the fame , the money , the women , All it did was build me up , So that i could be knocked down harder than anybody in the world . That 's what being in a boy band is all about , stan . It 's people smothering you and embracing you and loving you And then spitting you out and throwing you away Like you were last night 's pork chops . Now , we wander the earth in disarray , Us , new kids on the block , the osmonds , We 're all the same . Andthatis why you can 't go to the mall .|Okay .
Okay .|Wow , there must be at least 20 people out there . Where the hell is stan ?
It is ?|Rachel is not my wife . But she is the feminine element in my life . Once a month She comes into my particular universe , to keep my books in order .
Really ?|Have I ever lie to you ?
The blessing ?|Bless me mom .
Were you good in class ?|I bet you weren 't . I was always top of the class . Do you want to take my picture ?
Bless me mom .|God bless you , protect you , do good for you and make you a good man , strong , big , intelligent .
All right !|What 's happening here ? I don 't know , i guess nothing . Hmm , well then , let 's walk away then . Goddamn it , people are walking away ! All right , kids , that does it . You 're gonna have to move and make way for the sausage and cheese cart . Just another minute . Sorry , get out .
And baseball player !|And baseball player .
? Bang bang bang ? ? I 'm gonna fingerbang bang you into my life ? ? Girl , you like to fingerbang and it 's all right ?|? Because i 'm the king of fingerbang let 's not fight ? ? I 'll just fingerbang bang you every night ? ? I 'll just fingerbang bang you every night ?
That my children go to sleep empty stomach .|I brought some for the week , sleep quietly .
Read me some more . You read very well .|Please ? It 's my favorite book . Please ?
I brought some for the week , sleep quietly .|I am doing my best Dulce .
Help !|Help !
I make a wish on you ! I make a wish on you !|So , you 're a photographer .
My family was no exception .|Within our four suburban walls ... We ranged the full spectrum of types . From the flamboyant ... To the demure ... From the repellant ... To the ideal .
Over the next few days ... we did our best to pretend the problem didn 't exist . Would anyone like some more bacon ? Yeah . Thanks , Mom . Yeah , me too . Coffee 's good , Norma .|Trouble was , in order to ignore the problem ... You had to ignore Buster . And in order to ignore Buster ... You had to be the village idiot .
Don 't you see the face of a murderer ? It 's true . I suppose I do have the face of a murderer . If you 're looking for one .|I tell myself , there 's nothing to worry about . I tell myself , my prison is going to burn down , Just as it did 20 years ago . I tell myself , enormous events are going to be arraigned solely in order to carry me forward on the path which fate has laid out for me .
I tell myself , there 's nothing to worry about . I tell myself , my prison is going to burn down , Just as it did 20 years ago . I tell myself , enormous events are going to be arraigned solely in order to carry me forward on the path which fate has laid out for me .|Do you understand what I 'm saying ? The barbarians are at our gate . Is this the moment to judge each other , or shouldn 't we face the enemy united ? We have lots of evidence against you . And all your lawyer wants to do is plead mental deficiency . Or temporary insanity . Under normal conditions , I 'd send you up for trial . But we may soon be at war with Germany . And this war will save you from going to prison .
Leopoldo open the door !|Leopoldo open the door !
Show up at 8 : 00 tomorrow morning at Coupevoir barracks . We are hoping that you will atone for your doings through some brave actions on the battlefield .|All right . In the name of the French Republic , I dismiss the case .
Leopoldo open the door !|The other key !
What did just happen ?|Tell me ! What happened ?
I 'll get my coat .|Buster !
Tell me ! What happened ?|Who did you see ? Tell me !
You the big caribou ? Huh ? Are you hungry ? Do you want some food ? A minute .|Carrot ? Come .
Huh ? Huh ? Good boy . Huh ?|Come .
Who 's gonna see you , anyhow ? The man in the moon ? Yeah , what 's to stop your hands wandering ? The swimming pool attendant . |I don 't trust that Ron . You can tell by his eyes . I tell you one thing , darling , I ain 't taking me drawers off .
No , don 't go away . Don 't go away . No , stay .|Come .
It wasn 't there ... It was gone .|Do you think I am crazy ?
WATCHMAN : Come on , you , get out of there !|What do you think you 're on ? A picnic ?
What are you doing here ?|French ? Yes . Escaped . No , no , I 'm a ... Prisoner at the camp . L ... I come here sometimes , but I always go back to camp after a while .
This is not permitted . The whole forest is not permitted . For military reasons .|Didn 't they tell you ?
And this is the first time something like this happen ?|I think my son saw something last night . But he doesn 't want to talk .
Now , get out of here . Go back to the camp . And don 't come back again . Go back . Quick .|You 're just in time . Marsch , marsch .
Me and her 's going for a walk .|Oh , I see . Oh , come on . Let 's get out . I can 't take you home 'cause Mum 's pawned all the furniture . That 's it , leaves a bit of room for our performance now , eh ?
I used to be a hospital porter , carting the dead bodies about .|They treat the old people like lumps of meat .
Always on the left side , Abel . On the left side .|Come on .
And you have to say , " Oh , shut up , you old frigger . "|There 's no such thing as respect for the dead . EILEEN : You 're married , ain 't you ? That 's why you can 't take me home . DAVE : How 'd you guess ? EILEEN : You 're sort of soft .
Do you know something about them ?|Well , I think it is enough so far .
This is Rubens . This is art . In those days , they weren 't afraid to celebrate flesh . Look at those thighs . The magnificent abandon . Living life to the full . Draining the glass of life !|Good to see you . Karl .
Here is my card .|Thank you .
" Yes , sir , " he says .|I drove away in that Triumph .
She asked me to tell you something .|What ! ?
So has me wife .|I never start an argument with her in the kitchen in case she picks up a knife .
I never start an argument with her in the kitchen in case she picks up a knife .|If I ask her to do me a hard boiled egg , and she does it soft , then I lose me temper .
What else did she say ? Tell me , what else did she say ? !|But do not get scared . All right , I am not afraid . Tell me !
See this ?|Cost 4,000 quid . I earn 12 pound a week .
She asked me to give you this .|What it says ?
Sometimes I get a real ache inside me when I ain 't driven for a long time .|So , I just go out and nick a car .
Mom ...|Why can 't I play with Rodrigo ?
Am I still living in the ordinary world , or have I wandered into a fairy tale with magical creatures , giants , and wild beasts .|In his gigantic appetite , his tireless enjoyment of the fruits of life ... You 're a rascal . ... reminded me of someone . Yes . Nestor . Ha ha ha ha !
Achtung !|Heil Hitler , Herr Feldmarschall ! Heil Hitler .
Ahh .|All right . And now for some champagne .
The great architect eye .|House founded by Irahim Eckhart .
If they do it before marriage , they 'll do it after . So , I told him I was through with him . He cried like a baby .|I saw him once in Woolworths , when I was carrying me last child .
Well , what 's life worth without a giggle ?|What you doing tonight , Joyce ? I don 't know . I think I 'll have a bath . Is it your birthday , then ? Eh , cheeky . Why don 't you tell ' em about that woman that come around last night ? What ? That old crab from the WVS ?
Everybody get out of here .|Leave me alone ! Can 't you hear ? Get out .
Hey , you 'll never get to heaven . Oh , we 're gonna sing it at the gate , aren 't we , Sylvie ? SYLVIE : We are . We 're gonna sing it in our grave . Yeah , that 's right .|Look at that . There 's a packet of fags at the bottom . I thought it tasted sour .
Where ? To the Russian front .|I 'm leaving tomorrow . Because of candelabra ? No . No , no . Everybody 's needed on the Eastern Front , to defend the Fatherland .
I was researching about the house Mrs. Dulce and this house was built nearly a century ago .|The founder of this house , Irahim was an English Mason , as I read , the man came from Europe , obsessed about building this house specifically in this place because he said that here he will find the absolute truth of our creation . And then what happened ?
Uh ... What about the horse ?|Keep it .
There you are . Pulled the stitches .|There 's one . Take the other one .
How many boys stay here ? About 200 . In this room .|Our guard is away at the front .
Dulce ! We have five years now living in this house , and I have never seen anything !|Leopoldo saw her too !
Dinner is at 7 : 00 .|This school felt nothing like St. Christopher 's .
See , ' cause once you do that , you 're finished .|You 've played the last card in the pack , see what I mean . I think my wife gets a good bargain . Granted , I 'm not home much . See , my trouble is , I can 't sit still .
Who wrote this ? I thought you were going to tell me .|Don 't you give me that look . I didn 't write that !
Hello , me old cocker . How are you , love ? You all right ?|He wanted to get in the bedroom and she wouldn 't let him in , so he kicked the bloody door in . Any bloke will try and get in your bedroom if your mum 's out . It 's only natural , isn 't it ?
Don 't you give me that look . I didn 't write that !|All right ! Whatever !
What are you doing ?|I can not stay here any longer .
She 's only 24 .|She died of a broken heart , 'cause of her rotten husband .
Aah .|Good night , boys . Good night , Abel .
And what are you going to do ?|Where do you want to go ?
See the rain running out of his trouser bottoms .|He died on Sunday night .
Do you have money ?|We sell the house and you give me the half . Today I 'm leaving with my kids .
We sell the house and you give me the half . Today I 'm leaving with my kids .|What did I do wrong ?
They called in me pension book , so I only get 30 bob this week .|And 16 goes on the rent .
How old is your little boy ?|Oh , no , no , no , no . Don 't go in . Don 't be scared . At first I inspired fear in people .
Oh , no , no , no , no . Don 't go in . Don 't be scared . At first I inspired fear in people .|Guten tag . But soon they were to recognize my secret affinity with children . They looked up to me , they respected me ... Mommy , who is the man ?
Guten tag . But soon they were to recognize my secret affinity with children . They looked up to me , they respected me ... Mommy , who is the man ?|And they entrusted me with their boys . And I was happy with my new mission .
And they entrusted me with their boys . And I was happy with my new mission .|Splendid . Absolutely splendid . Perfectly ! Don 't change a thing . Typical of the pure Nordic .
Splendid . Absolutely splendid . Perfectly ! Don 't change a thing . Typical of the pure Nordic .|The nose ... Is leptorrhinian . Neck ... Leptorrhinian . By this point , I ought to be able to guess his blood type . Rhesus positive . I bet you !
The nose ... Is leptorrhinian . Neck ... Leptorrhinian . By this point , I ought to be able to guess his blood type . Rhesus positive . I bet you !|Mmm ...
Kept thinking it would pass off .|He wasn 't half handsome . That 's why I went with him . All the girls used to say , " What an ' andsome chap . "
If you want take your bags and sleep under abridge but my children are staying . Let me go ... Let me go !|Do you think they 're going to give you the custody ? Huh ? Do you think so ?
7 boys I brought back from the lake in a single catch , but now , as my list grows longer and longer , I have to pick them up one by one in the villages and forests .|Young boys are so ... bold and courageous . No living creatures are as noble or as beautiful , and yet so heartbreakingly awkward .
I love nothing like I love the young boys . What a privilege to gather them all in a castle they can call their own .|Mostly they trust me . But sometimes they don 't . And then I can feel the part of me that is made of stone . Hard and pitiless . I force them to come with me .
Course , he 's extravagant . Spends all his money buying gadgets for his motorbike . That 's what me mum don 't like . She keeps on at me , " When are you getting married ? " Saved enough to put down on your bedroom suite yet ? "|GIRL 1 : The worst part was telling me mum . She didn 't expect it of me ' cause I was such a prude at the plays on the telly .
Rodrigo ! What ?|Do you want to be my boyfriend ? We are already , aren 't we ? Yes ? Go on then ! All right !
Go ! You are strike out !|You are strikeout jerk ! One two three ! One two three !
Who 's it for , then , you or her ? Some mate in work . Oh , don 't give me that , Rube . I won 't blame your character .|All right , Annie , it 's me . I reckon I must be up the spout . I can 't seem to sit still , I keep walking up and down , every time I start to eat something I feel immediately full and , well ... ANNIE : Looks like you 're in the club , all right . Well , I don 't want to do anything about it , 'cause I 'll get one of those air bubbles inside me and die , won 't I , and I daren 't tell me mum , so I left my job today , and , well , I was going to run away , you know , but there ain 't nowhere to go . ANNIE : Look , you best have it done . You 're only a kid . She 'll do it for five quid .
All right , Annie , it 's me . I reckon I must be up the spout . I can 't seem to sit still , I keep walking up and down , every time I start to eat something I feel immediately full and , well ... ANNIE : Looks like you 're in the club , all right . Well , I don 't want to do anything about it , 'cause I 'll get one of those air bubbles inside me and die , won 't I , and I daren 't tell me mum , so I left my job today , and , well , I was going to run away , you know , but there ain 't nowhere to go . ANNIE : Look , you best have it done . You 're only a kid . She 'll do it for five quid .|Will you phone her for me , Annie ? ANNIE : Yeah , when do you want it done ?
Today , my castle is bristling with flags that aren 't mine . A tottering spider ... ready to devour us . He utterly repels me . Every year , hundreds of thousands of young men volunteer to fight the enemy . Youth is at the forefront of our movement .|Youth is the very soul of our resistance . Like your ancestors , the Knights of the Teutonic Order , you will fight the barbarians at the gate of the Reich .
Tomorrow .|RUBE : I said to the doctor , " I 've been going with a fellow , " and you know how it happens . " " Yeah , " he says .
No !|The ambulance ! Lothar , can you hear me ? Lothar . Help ! Help !
The ambulance ! Lothar , can you hear me ? Lothar . Help ! Help !|Hurry up ! Hurry up ! Here ! It 's all right . I 'll take him . I 'll take him home .
RUBE : When me mum 's in the kitchen I have to take a deep breath hold me stomach in and run past . And when I get out into the scullery I let it out .|She said to me today , " You 've got ulcers in your mouth , your stomach must be upset . "
RUBE : Yeah , well , it 's about that phone call . Oh , I know why you 've come . There 's only one reason why good looking girls come to see Winnie . How far have you gone , love ?|RUBE : About three months . Oh , then , you 've only got a small problem in there , then , haven 't you ? RUBE : Yeah , well , you see , I can 't keep it .  Now there 's no need to explain . How can you ever explain anything ? It 's the most bloody difficult thing in the world . How much money have you got , love ? RUBE : Four pounds . Hand it over .
Victoria knows you need us Dulce .|Now tell us .
Mrs. Dulce , listen to me very carefully , it is very important , it 's very important that you close your eyes and whatever you listen , do not open your eyes . Do you understand ?|Why ?
Why ?|Sometimes our own eyes are our worst enemies .
Let go . Help .|Take it away .
Help .|Mommy .
Mommy .|Mommy .
Quiet ; do not open your eyes .|What ? ! What was that ? ! Do not open your eyes Dulce . Just listen but do not open your eyes .
Ooh !|Yaah ! We still played , but the nights have grown longer and colder and the food even more scarce . And the boys grow younger and younger .
" These people started a fire , " and now their own house is going to burn down . " It 's going to be destroyed . Absolutely everything is going to be destroyed . "|" Even the children . "
" Even the children . "|Along the few narrow roads in the frozen cold of winter , I discovered refugees from all nationalities fleeing . The Russians must be nearby .
MOTHER : I told her , didn 't I , to keep away from him .|MOTHER : It 's lucky I ain 't got my health and strength , else I 'd do him . Do him right up , I would .
Don 't kill me !|Get out of my house !
That 's 1000 abortions a week .|Something like five or six every hour of every day .
Hinei ma tov umanaim Shevet Achim gam Yachad Hinei ma tov umanai Im , shevet Achim gam Yachad I sang when I got there . I always sing . They liked my voice , the S.S. Officers in the lager . They made me sing . " Sing , Ephraim , sing . " Hinei ma tov umanaim Shevet Achim gam yachad|Where ... where are your parents ? Gas ... oven . Many , many people . All gas . Oven . Dead . Abel ! Shh . Abel ! Are you there ?
Come on Leopoldo ! Come on , come on !|Cheer up , come on !
Where are you ? I 'll come back , but you stay up here . Stay ... stay quiet , now . You hear ?|My fate had led me so gently , so carefully so long . I had trusted her totally . I had always followed her . But what if all that time I had been following nothing ? What if there was nothing there and I was alone ? What had I done ?
Get it , get it !|Out !
Ted , he used to tail me when I 'd slip round the corner to put a bet on for me dad . I 'd know if Ted was going out with a bird , because he 'd go and have his hair done . He 'd have a blow wave put in it and all that lacquer put on it . And when he 'd come home he 'd lie back on the bed and he 'd say , " Now , don 't you dare touch it . "|Then he 'd go and have a wash , and he 'd use my talc and my deodorant and make me scrub his back .
Then he 'd go and have a wash , and he 'd use my talc and my deodorant and make me scrub his back .|And all the time he 'd try and keep me chained to the telly . He expected me to live in a furnished room in Brixton . What can I do in one room all day ? I mean , if you 've got two , at least you can go from one to the other . But you know , he didn 't even like me going early morning cleaning with me mum .
Abel !|Traitors should be hanged . He 's just a Frenchman . Yes . He isn 't even one of us .
Hey , Lil . You should go on . Come on .|Oh , no , no , no .
There is a time for everything , and a time to every purpose under the sun .|Today November 11 , there is a time to be born , and a time to die , a time to kill and a time to heal , a time to tear down and a time to build , a time to cry and a time to laugh , a time to embrace and a time to break away , a time to keep silence , and a time to speak , a time to love and a time to hate , a time for war and a time for peace .
Do not leave me alone .|Never , I swear to God , never .
There is no need Dulce . Don 't do it .|Thirty years father , thirty years ago I buried one of my sons .
You 'll be fine !|Stay down ! Down ! Take cover !
No !|No !
Bullshit .|Father , today is not visiting day . You hear ?
Yesterday was not a visiting day and I let get in right ? Do not abuse of me .|The lady feels very bad and in any time something can happen to her . No can do father . I fit depended on me , thing were different .
No ! No ! No !|Hanukkah ...
No thanks , I said . I 'd rather get myself kept by some rich old bag . Ooh , I 'm ever so rich . Oh , yeah ? When do you start paying out ? Why should we think ahead ? What 's there to think ahead to , except growing old ?|BOY : Have a ride . Come on , then .
Why ?|Because a mother is God in the eyes of her children . That is why .
I don 't think he was amused . I was working in Ford 's , weren 't I ? I started nicking cars straight off the production line .|Yeah , well , I mean , all complete except for the number plates . I 'd park them at a field behind our factory . I 'd drive them away , sell them for spare parts .
Who is there ? !|I am calling the police !
Leopoldo !|Don 't be afraid . Leopoldo open the door !
The other key !|Leopoldo , look at me .
Our priest had told us in school . Once upon a time there was a ... a sailor who was in this storm at sea .|He was afraid to die a sinner , and he took upon his shoulders a young boy ... and hoped that by saving the young boy , he would save himself . That the ... the child 's innocence would serve as a recommendation to God 's favor .
Have you changed your clothes , but you smell like pure pee you pig .|Did my mom hit you ?
WOMAN 2 : She was a scrubber all her life . Ever since she was 14 , she worked in them baths . Boiling hot in the summer , damp and draughty in winter .|Surprised it didn 't finish her off sooner .
Achille killed Claude 's dog . Shot it . With a gun of mine ?|He stole one of my guns ? That 's all you care about .
Mommy ... What is wrong ?|You cannot play with Rodrigo !
None of them are missing .|He 's killed Claude 's dog .
When my husband come in , he says , " What you done that for ? " They 'll think you strangled him . "|I 'd soon rather have a horse and cart . You get to the grave too soon in a motor .
Marc will make a scene .|And where could that child be ?
Mommy ... When I grow up what I 'll be ?|The best baseball player ever .
Don 't forget I 'm no longer a child .|Of course not , sweetheart . Come and give me a kiss .
He won 70 quid on the pools and he spent it all on a stone for his grave .|He 's got it propped up in his backyard , waiting .
You stole it from his room ?|Come here .
What happened ? Nothing mommy .|Why did you scream ? Leopoldo scared me .
It 's better to pay a bob a week and know you 're gonna be properly buried , not bunged in with some stranger .|SYLVIE : Remember the night Terry got killed ?
At once !|Do you want a smack ?
Is looking out the window a crime ?|So you see , Achille , there no point arguing .
So you see , Achille , there no point arguing .|Now , go to your cousin as if to say hello and return this tie somehow .
Now , go to your cousin as if to say hello and return this tie somehow .|I hope you 're big enough ...
There 's no stopping them , is there ? Hey , do you see that woman over there ?|She 's got a finger in all the screws in Battersea . Hey , do you want any cheap underwear ? Birdseed ? Boxing gloves ? Coming dancing tonight at The North Pole ? Do you reckon it ?
He is not my son , he is not my son . Yes , yes , yes he is your son , is your son , stop it , stop it , put that away .|Don 't you touch me
Oh , what a shame you weren 't in there , eh ?|But June 's got a pair of them .
That dog doesn 't deserve any sugar .|Why is that , Aunt ?
Of course . I 'm always wrong . Unlike my charming sisters . Edith and Solange are dead . Leave them in peace .|No ! Edith was always right because she was your wife . So was Solange because she was Patrice 's mother .
David .|David .
Look at my face very well Dulce , listen well to my voice .|It is me , your son , Leopoldo .
It is me , your son , Leopoldo .|Stop it daddy !
Yeah .|Denise , you have to come . You were Scott 's girlfriend in the fifth grade . You owe it to him . I don 't owe him anything and don 't keep saying he was my boyfriend . It 's embarrassing now .
Denise , you have to come . You were Scott 's girlfriend in the fifth grade . You owe it to him . I don 't owe him anything and don 't keep saying he was my boyfriend . It 's embarrassing now .|Can I come in ? Sure .
I don 't understand , I didn 't get on time .|Today is November 11 , today the house will take you to the year 81 .
Just please lose that hat . You know , it 's my birthday tomorrow . Listen , I know it 's Big Game Weekend but I 'm going out for dinner tomorrow night , and later on , if you wanted to stop by ... I 'd love to but I 'm gonna be tied up pretty late .|It 's cool .
I can 't cope with her scenes .|As all we loved is dead , Gertrude should be happy .
She saw my despair . She saw me bring you up like a son .|She sees you . Very little . I 'm always out on the estate .
I 'd like to help you more .|Uncle .
Happy birthday , sweetheart .|Thanks for everything , Mom .
Leave me be .|Go on , drink .
Well , we really pulled it off , huh ? I don 't know , David . These friends you invited ... First , they ruin the surprise and not a single one brings a present .|But I guess we 'll just have to make the best of it , won 't we ?
But I guess we 'll just have to make the best of it , won 't we ?|David , are you coming in ? I can 't believe how clueless that woman is . Who ? Scott 's mom ? She acts like the party was ruined because of me and my friends when she should be thanking me for saving it . It 's not like Scott 's Mr. Popular . No one would 've even showed up if it wasn 't for you and me .
David , are you coming in ? I can 't believe how clueless that woman is . Who ? Scott 's mom ? She acts like the party was ruined because of me and my friends when she should be thanking me for saving it . It 's not like Scott 's Mr. Popular . No one would 've even showed up if it wasn 't for you and me .|Scott .
Leopoldo get out of here !|Go with your other mom , I can not take care of you anymore .
The fever has abated .|With the herbs , he 'll be fine in three days .
How long did we commit to be here ? We 're on borrowed time as it is .|David , unless you do something drastic , this party is history . Well , can 't you get them to hang on until Mrs. Scanlon brings the cake ? Everyone line up. lt 's limbo time . That is it. I 'm out of here . We 're right behind you .
Don 't be afraid , come , I take care of you .|I was twelve years old ; the first signs of the disease that killed my real father appeared . In the eighties there was no treatment that could save me .
Today you should save me , today you must hold on to me .|No !
But I can not take care of my son anymore . The time , the time has running out of my hands .|How could an old woman take care of her son locked up here ?
When you told me , I thought it was that kid over there .|It 's obviously not . No , Dylan . You knew Scott .
He was David Silver 's friend . Blond hair . He was in your tech class last year .|Oh , my God . That guy ?
He is the son of the prisoner , he has traveled through time and we found him in the house .|He is one of the children from the orphanage . Is there any problem ?
The symptoms have not yet appeared , but Leopold is sick . He has inherited a heart disease .|Thirty years ago I wouldn 't be able to take care of him but now I do .
And the counselling office will be staying open later and is available for anyone who would like to come in and talk .|Thank you .
You 're not from the island either .|Me ...
Nothing. I 'm sure you 'll do a fine job .|Bryce , where 's that printing schedule ?
Bryce , where 's that printing schedule ?|David .
I know the perfect place .|I miss Rodrigo . Do you think we 'll see him again ?
Marry a man who 's worthy of you ...|And be alive ...
And be alive ...|You 're not alive here . You 're dead .
It was the night Pearl Harbor was bombed , and we were all sneaking on campus to bury the time capsule like they did in 1 941 .|And when we dug the hole , I realised it was a coffin .
Amen .|A Diony and Mamalida the best mothers of all times .
The body inside was me .|Wow .
What 's our insurance position on Isaac Dreyfus ?|Career ending .
And when I woke up , I kept saying , it 's not you , it 's Scott .|And I was happy .
Isn 't that sick ?|David , you 're here .
Will you listen to me ?|I have an uncle who looks younger than us .
He 's a delightful man . And I want ...|I mean ... I 'd like you to become his wife .
Nathalie . Nathalie , what 's wrong ?|Answer me , Nathalie .
I want to smash his face in .|Settle your scores later . Don 't make a scene here .
I 'll do my best .|You were intimate with her ? Oui .
Emily . What ?|I don 't know , I just feel so ...
I don 't know , shouldn 't we be serious or in mourning or something ? I mean , somebody just died .|But we 're alive , today anyway .
Our number could be up tomorrow .|That 's true .
Why would your uncle marry me ?|Because he 'll love you when he sees you .
That 's true .|People always talk about things they wanna do and places they wanna go before they die .
I 'm so sad to be leaving you , Anne .|So you 'll marry his uncle ?
People always talk about things they wanna do and places they wanna go before they die .|Me , there 's just one thing I wanna do before I die .
My poor Anne . I don 't believe in herbs . Be happy and promise me . I don 't believe in them but I promise .|I find the label amusing . I 'll look like I 'm poisoning myself and my husband .
Oh , my gosh . Do you remember this ?|This was at Arrowhead . We had the best fireworks that Fourth of July . You remember that ?
Do you think my husband did this ? This horrible thing ?|I don 't have an opinion . You don 't ?
What 's going on here ? Views of the estate .|You 'll hear frogs .
But , David , you mustn 't be angry at Scott or feel like he 's abandoned you . I don 't . Look , Scott accidentally shot himself in the stomach because he liked to play with guns . But I don 't think that has anything to do with me .|Well , fine , then . Take what you want and ...
What does it look like I 'm doing ?|Editing the video ? Bingo .
You did .|Look , I 'm sorry , okay ? I didn 't realise .
How 'd the window break ? Er , we initially thought Adam Freedman broke it to corroborate his fiction of a home invasion . Get on your knees .|Did you find carpet fibres under her fingernails ? Yes . Along with unknown tissue . Reach out and grab the carpet .
Look , I know you 're going through a really hard time right now .|I 'm just worried about you .
I 'll let you rest .|We 'll drive to town tomorrow to buy anything you need . Are you happy ?
I 'm just worried about you .|Thanks , but the worst part 's over . I just gotta move on .
He 's very good . Why 's he got such a bad reputation ? He doesn 't like police . I can see that could be a problem .|Dodo . What ? The fibres on Nathan 's hands and in his mouth . There was a child 's blanket in the photos . On the floor next to his body . He , er ... He actually called his blanket Baby .
Somebody 's hero .|So , do we feel certain the cases are all related ?
I feel bad that you feel bad . What can I do ?|Nothing . Just be my friend .
Hey , David . Sorry I 'm late .|Timely song .
Nathalie ...|Isn 't youth beautiful ?
I love that .|Nathalie , it 's your turn .
No one gave a rat 's ass about Scott until he died . And I was the worst one of all . He was my best friend and I dropped him . Because he wasn 't cool like you or Kelly or Steve .|David .
David .|So they 're looking at me . So what ? They 've been looking at me for days , Brandon .
I must talk to you .|I 'm going to marry Nathalie .
I don 't know . I 'm stuck , sitting on a fence . First Leo and now Chamberlain .|I guess I just want certainty . I have to ... We 've been looking for evidence to prove that he 's guilty . Maybe we should be looking for evidence to prove that he 's innocent . I 'm missing something and I just don 't know where to look for it . Nikki , I have to go . Yeah . Yeah . Go have fun .
But when do I get to start feeling better ? It might take a while , David . It happened so suddenly . You can never be prepared for an accident like that .|Especially when you don 't even get to say goodbye .
Doesn 't the age difference bother you , my poor Marc ?|Nothing you say can change anything .
Nothing you say can change anything .|I 've made up my mind .
Stop chewing your gloves . Take them off .|Go and shut the window .
Here 's the videocassette I promised you .|You may not wanna watch it right away but I 'm sure one day , you 'll be happy to have it .
Of course . Darling , we 'll have to keep our eyes open . When I fight , I fight .|Patrice loves the girl and marries her to his uncle .
Patrice loves the girl and marries her to his uncle .|It 's revolting .
The family picked their day to go to town .|Put another log on .
Porn ? Yep .|What 'cha doing ? Yep .
Didn 't we say we 'd do silly things ?|With me . Drink it all in one go .
No point at all . That 's the beauty of it .|Can you see the ceiling dancing ?
We should drink more often . It 's marvellous .|It 's not marvellous , Patrice .
There 's no physical evidence that ties Dreyfus to the crimes . He doesn 't want to hear that . I understand . Sometimes career prospects overpower judgment . So is that what happened to your face ? You hit him . He hit you back . No . No . Nobody hit anybody . Maybe you should have . Do you have a plan ? Yes , I do . The DVD came in a plastic case . Wasn 't wiped clean , fingerprints all over it . Dreyfus says it was sent to his club . What 's the name of the fella who runs security there ? Ron McNally . David Preston the Chief Exec . McNally brought it to Mousa Rashid . They deny it . If I find their prints on it ... What ? What will that prove ? The club is lying and Isaac Dreyfus is being stitched up . You have prints but nothing to match them to ? McNally is retired police . His DNA and prints will be on the database . Oh . Right . Leighton 's not going to want to do this . I get it . How confident are you that Dreyfus isn 't lying ? The evidence doesn 't fit . They 're desperately trying to make it fit . It doesn 't . I 'm talking about you . Are you confident , not confident or on the bloody fence ? I 'm not on the fence . I 'm confident he 's not lying .|Ah , John , come on in . Lovely to see you both .
Keep Calling|Pass me the scissors
Welcome to News at Noon Today a murder was discovered at Yuen Long Sui Mei Village A pregnant woman had her baby taken out through incisions of her ab domen The woman died from hemorrhaging This case is being treated as a homicide The police have cordoned off the area to make a full investigative report Reports said , the deceased was in her twenties This morning the Police received reports , that someone was found I ying inside this house When the Police found her abdomen was cut open|And her baby missing Police believed that she had been dead for at least one or two days Initial investigation shows that she died from haemorrhaging An autopsy will be carried out to confirm the cause of death
A bit . Good . Well , let 's clear the rest of it , shall we ? You owe US an apology for suggesting we haven 't stepped up .|Yes , I know . It 's er , it 's awkward , isn 't it ?
I 'll chase it away too . I won 't let it come near you .|Nathalie ...
Where the hell did he go ?|Honey , this is it
It 's you .|We 're very lucky .
I 'm sorry . Good . Moving forward . Ruth came back , we don 't know how she got in , we believe she 's duplicated documents pertaining to the deaths of Rachel and Nathan Freedman . Clarissa is preparing the CCTV footage for you . Yes , I am . We have had some results back . The plastic case the DVD came in is covered in Ron McNally 's fingerprints . Hard to explain if the club knew nothing about it .|So the big question is , why would they lie ?
What is it ?|Nothing ...
So the big question is , why would they lie ?|The whole sorry saga of Isaac Dreyfus has nothing to do with us . His presence here has damaged us . It 's upset the fans , it 's upset our new owners . We believe the extortion demand was delivered to your club . We believe her body was dumped on your premises . We think it has quite a lot to do with you . I really can 't comment further . We 'll need to get legal advice . Could we get your fingerprints ? No . I don 't think so . I 'll need to get legal advice . We have Mr McNally 's already . They were on file , along with your DNA , from your time in the police .
Can I , er , make an appointment to see you after work so that maybe I can correct some , er ...|.. you know , er ... misimpressions , lapses of memory ?
.. you know , er ... misimpressions , lapses of memory ?|Did you know about the extortion ?
What a storm . I 'm soaked .|Take off your coat . You 'll get sick . And I 'll have to nurse you .
We 've got your prints all over the evidence .|If , if I wanted to keep my job ... .. I had to , er ...
I was drying myself .|If I were you Marc , I 'd keep an eye on Patrice .
Police took away some items for investigation|Close all roads and don 't let anyone pass !
You 're scaring me . Are you sick ?|Yes , Patrice . I think I 'm sick .
When did this happen ?|We 're going . We 're leaving here . It 's not safe . Where is Zara ? At school . Dad ? I can collect her , if it would help . Thank you . Thank you .
You know him ?|Revenge ?
Where 's the other one ?|Where 's the other cop ?
Where 's the other cop ?|This is not the first time you try to frame me
You want to kill a cop ?|Come
Yeah , yeah , course . Where do you want to go ?|What ?
I wonder ...|I don 't know ... I don 't know any more ...
I will blow your fuckin eye out !|Where ? I know who you are Chan Kit ! Shoot me
Where ? I know who you are Chan Kit ! Shoot me|Chapter 2 The Devil 's Grave Raider 's Breathe
Chapter 2 The Devil 's Grave Raider 's Breathe|Today a murder was discovered at Yuen Long Sui Mei Village
I couldn 't sleep . I was walking in the corridors .|You seem to be a bit edgy . And Patrice seems a bit edgy too . I 'll probably have to send Patrice away .
But people here are very mean .|I won 't let them sully Nathalie 's name .
Those aren 't ready|Chicken buns
Hey ! You just said they weren 't ready I want a chicken bun No ... This is just ready|Sorry about that Are you serious ?
Clarissa , will you print me a clear image of that woman ? I know someone at the Home Office .|It 's working .
What are you laughing at ?|Have you steamed yourself stupid ?
Yes , I know ...|You don 't like me much . But as you 've come ...
He said no police .|Good luck .
Oui .|Oui .
Wing ...|Wing ...
Did you see them ?|I 'll never forgive you .
You lil bastard ! Where did you take my grand daughter ?|Abduction ? Run ? You lil bastard ... I 'll tell your boss to fire you !
I 'll be back in three days . I 'll send you a telegram .|Mrs Frossin is waving goodbye , sir .
It 's you ...|It 's me , Nathalie .
Where did you go ? I got so worried !|Foot of the hills What ? That lil bastard brought you to the hills ? I went by myself ... I got lost
Where is she ? Tell me where she is !|Back up . Why are you doing this , Sami ? Shut up , Zionist dog !
Where 's my daughter ? Shut up !|I never did anything to you , Sami . Mousa never did anything to you .
An infidel .|He worked with Jews .
There 's nothing we can do .|Patrice ...
Patrice ...|Nothing we can do .
On your knees .|Where is she ?
I had to wash it many times !|I 'll poke your eyes out !
You said you 'd tell me where she was .|Argh ! Sami ! No ! Please !
Sometimes , one doesn 't have the upper hand .|Leave us , Gertrude .
Sami !|Please ! Sami !
You 're going back to your island .|To the house where Patrice found you .
7 : 30 AM 12 noon . 6 : 30 PM We will serve dinner and call your name|Without approval you are not allowed to go outside
Do you know who killed him ? A woman and a man , we don 't know who they are . Weren 't you here ? What about the little girl ? Police dogs haven 't turned up anything so far but we 're tracking the ransom money . We can tent the body here . I need to find the girl . She may already be dead . I know that .|9mm . Markings suggest it 's a Jericho 941 round . Standard issue for Israeli Security Services . I need your help . Can you find something , anything , on the body that might tell us where they 've taken her ? She 's a little girl ! OK . So we 'll need the tent , light , a table .
Wild honeysuckle ?|Yes , I think so .
She 's been drugged . Check her for benzodiazepine and oxycodone .|The bag 's stopped moving .
Don 't worry !|Grandma !
Secondly , it was ordained for the remedy of the sin and to avoid fornication that the present as have not forgiven continency like marriage and keep themselves undefiled . Plantagenet Richard Ricambreu Fitzvadam de Palliser Guy , wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife to live together after God 's ordinance in the holy state of matrimony . Wilt thou love her , comfort her , honor and keep her in sickness and in health , and forsaking all others keep thee only unto her , so long as ye both shall live ?|I will .
I will .|Glencora Lennox Tolier McKennen Aurora May , wilt thou have this man to thy wedded husband , to live together after God 's ordinance in the holy state of matrimony ? Wilt thou obey him and serve him , love , honor and keep him in sickness and in health and forsaking all other , keep thee only unto him so long as ye both shall live ...
Glencora Lennox Tolier McKennen Aurora May , wilt thou have this man to thy wedded husband , to live together after God 's ordinance in the holy state of matrimony ? Wilt thou obey him and serve him , love , honor and keep him in sickness and in health and forsaking all other , keep thee only unto him so long as ye both shall live ...|Glencora .
Take care !|Grandma ! I promise I 'll be good ! Grandma !
A face you wouldn 't love anymore .|You must feel much worse than you ever said .
Glencora !|I will .
Come here Your sweating like a pig|We 'll get you all cleaned up I guess there 's no water at your place
We 'll get you all cleaned up I guess there 's no water at your place|Come in
I hear the happy couple are off to the continent .|Yes .
I 've got a client tonight . You guys can sleep here|Remember to refuel the tank before going into battle
Quite the reverse .|Mountains , mountains ... trees and mountains . Oh , Plantagenet , I don 't think I ever want to see a tree or a mountain again . The natural landscape in Switzerland is judged to be the finest in Europe . Yes , but there 's so much of it . Nothing at all that 's made by man . Well , nothing worth looking at , that is . Well , take that church over there . Have you ever seen anything so hideous ? A church is not to be judged solely on its outward appearance . What 'cha suppose is inside it , Plantagenet ? A lot of sour , stringy old Lutherans ... or do I mean Calvinists ? ... thinking up new ways of preventing everyone 's pleasure . Oh , but it would really seem , Glencora , there is not pleasure for you anywhere at all .
Mountains , mountains ... trees and mountains . Oh , Plantagenet , I don 't think I ever want to see a tree or a mountain again . The natural landscape in Switzerland is judged to be the finest in Europe . Yes , but there 's so much of it . Nothing at all that 's made by man . Well , nothing worth looking at , that is . Well , take that church over there . Have you ever seen anything so hideous ? A church is not to be judged solely on its outward appearance . What 'cha suppose is inside it , Plantagenet ? A lot of sour , stringy old Lutherans ... or do I mean Calvinists ? ... thinking up new ways of preventing everyone 's pleasure . Oh , but it would really seem , Glencora , there is not pleasure for you anywhere at all .|Why in France , you said all the people had nasty and cruel faces . In Italy you did nothing but complain that there were too many statues . What nonsense , Mr. Palliser , I adored it . And I 'd give my very soul for one of those statues , one of those interesting ones ... of a gladiator . I 'd set it up right in the middle of Geneva to annoy all the Calvinists . And I assure you they would very soon pull it down again . Well , then , I 'd take it home as a present to shock my cousin Alice . Huh .
Look after my sweetheart .|Patrice !
Are you hungry ?|I am going down to steam a bun
I was expecting you .|I knew you 'd been here .
I knew you 'd come back .|I came last night with thoughts of murder .
Hey !|Yes
It is such a ... solemn thing .|So this is Basle . Basel bound . Do French juveniles Swiss , Plantagenet ?
But that is to say ... would I ...|George !
It 's not how I pictured you .|Well , lucky people own cars . Unlucky ones own garages . Have you seen my car ?
Well , lucky people own cars . Unlucky ones own garages . Have you seen my car ?|It 's a venerable age .
Fuckin Complicated|How fuckin complicated ?
Now , she 's old enough to know there never was a grail , and what knights are made of under their shining armor .|What fine fellows those Alpine Club men do think of themselves .
Your room , sir . Period style . I don 't know which period , but it 's Mum 's style .|We have communicating rooms .
To come too close to the mountains ... is to destroy their magic .|Look through here .
Look through here .|You see that little peak at the end of the valley ? Hmm .
Can 't you dream of the unknown beautiful world that exists up there ?|All the more beautiful just because it is ... unknown .
And your other hand|It 's ok
Slowly explain to me what happened ?|A man came in Came in
I get so tired , Marc .|I 'd like to change rooms .
I can 't stop him , I suppose . Of course we can 't , Father . Not when Kate 's so happy . And what 's happened to his precious ... walking tour ? He can take walks from here . Yes I know , and I hope he will , Missy , good long walks .|But it seems he would prefer to look through telescopes instead .
Basel .|Ba . We shall be home very soon , now .
Are you writing this down ?|I am
What 's wrong with her ? She misses her Patrice , that 's what .|The doctor thinks she 's very ill .
I am|Name ? Chan Kit
I thought we might go down to the country over this watch . I have some people I want to entertain at Matching . A bit before parliament meets again in February . Can 't you entertain them in London ? At Matching , Glencora , there 's the calm and the leisure to explore important political matters .|Now , uh , it is for you , my dear .
What number ?|Number 4 What 's the phone number ?
Number 4 What 's the phone number ?|I don 't know
And how is Nathalie ? She was unwell , but now she 's as fit as a fiddle . She 's nearly glowing . She 's putting on weight .|She does a magnificent job looking after the estate .
Now , now if you will excuse us . Oh , yes , we 're to dine with a Swiss banker so that Mr. Palliser may discuss the decimal system of money . But , tomorrow I 'm promised to cheat . To make up .|Yes I 'm taking my wife to the museum .
A black star ?|Which hand ?
You have no family . We are your family .|You can 't wait for your uncle to choose you a wife .
What 's the matter|This bitch is with Ling She 's just a whore !
This bitch is with Ling She 's just a whore !|Ling has such hot chicks
So fuckin what ? Hey you !|You ... all of you
I bet you find it odd to see me in your room at night .|So you do think I 'm that stupid ?
No , no , Plantagenet . Mr. George Vavasor will understand it all so much better . So , will you come with me , Mr. Vavasor ? And explain the ... finer points .|Lady Glencora .
A little bit stupid . But I was bored by myself .|I couldn 't sleep .
Lady Glencora .|The ... further chap 's in control , if you ask me .
Do you sleep well ?|I sleep as much as I can .
Now he 's beginning to show his colors .|Very neat .
Glencora .|Lady Glencora , would you like to sit down again ?
Officer , just wondering if we 're done yet|If you want to solve a case , you need a thorough investigation
Lady Glencora , would you like to sit down again ?|Lady Glencora .
What a nice thing to say .|I 'm not talking about the present .
What 's your relationship with the girl ?|Please answer the question
Glencora .|We will wish to go home now .
We will wish to go home now .|Yes , I think I 've seen enough for one afternoon .
Yes , I think I 've seen enough for one afternoon .|A surprise , eh , Burgo ?
There . You see how strong I am .|Time is nearly up , George . The nearer to England the stronger the pressure , you said . I know .
Sit down !|Ting Zai , watch that side !
But it won 't be easy with this crowd .|When the Palliser 's all we 'll go up at once . I 'll see you get your chance .
What 's the matter ? You want your cigarette back ?|Listen . Slap my face if I 'm bothering you .
Is it true that ... you 're in love with me ?|Yes .
Drag him away|Cheung Wing ! Let go you fuckers !
Cheung Wing ! Let go you fuckers !|Cheung Wing ! Let go you fuckers ! Cheung Wing ! Cheung Wing !
She 's like a dead fish Did you take care of that little prick ?|It 's done
That should be fun with just the two of you .|Go and fight somewhere else !
You and I have just passed three happy weeks together .|Now they 've flowed passed us like the waters of that river , and have gone forever down to the sea of eternity .
Here 's the music . I 'm off to catch a ton of fish .|You beautiful girl .
And so now , Alice , you and I must part .|But you 'll be in London , George . Not till the election . And after if I succeed . Well then , why say we must part ?
You little horny bastard ! Ladies before Gentlemen !|Fucker ! Hey , Lao Guay ... Have a seat
Lionel !|Patrice will never marry me .
Ask Jeff ... if it works or not ! The girl is not a prostitute|What ?
A similar thing may quite easily happen again now that they 're all back in England . And the next time your nephew may not just be on hand to deal with it . You mean the Lady Glencora would encourage Mr. Fitzgerald ? I think , Duke , she would not discourage him . Oh , it 's too early in the marriage for this kind of thing .|She must give Plantagenet a proper turn first .
What 's wrong guys ?|The girl is mentally retarded
The girl is mentally retarded|Who would believe HER ?
Who would believe HER ?|Just charge the little prick with
Just charge the little prick with|Armed robbery , assaulting on an officer with intent to cause grievous bodily harm , he 'd crack by then
Ladies ... when we come right down to it all that really matter is that there should be no open scandal . If she must make a mess from time to time teach her to make in the shrubbery , where no one can see her , and not on the drawing room carpet .|Well , ladies , I 'm off to Italy in a day or two , but , between the pair of you , I think you 'll be able to put her right about all that .
Ting Zai , sort it out !|Kwok Wah , get her cleaned up !
Did you have a pleasant walk , my dear ?|Why ... I was hoping to walk in the priory ruins , but it was too wet . You 're like ruins , Lady Glencora .
Do you want to see the real Nathalie ?|Here she is .
She 's his uncle 's wife .|I 'm only the shadow of that shadow of that Natalie .
Yes , sir . Morolt is dead . And I 'll tell you something . He was missed .|Yes , sir .
Yes , sir .|They were proud of having a fellow who scared them .
We received a call from the Welfare Department We found the missing girl the same night|She was in an emotional state . We couldn 't get a statement from her
Alice .|Alice !
People used to come here to be scared by Morolt .|When he fell into the water blind drunk ... people watched him drown .
No one tried to get him out .|But the next day ... they were all so sad .
Shoot !|You guys beat him enough ?
It must come sometime . I must abandon all the ways of life that I 've come to value . I must leave London . Give up ... my freedom . The sooner you do so , the easier you 'll find it . I cannot tell you about that , Mr. Grey !|There 's one thing I know for certain , you must not ask me about this again until the winter has past . But , Alice , you promised you 'd decide as soon as you were home from Switzerland . I 'm sorry .
No ?|You two get out
Because ... I liked living with you .|I liked you , Lionel .
You two get out|Get out !
What the matter may be .|I shall be clearer , perhaps , when I 'm back in London . I shall ask Papa to take me out by rail this afternoon .
What does this woman mean to you ?|Patrice ...
Patrice ...|Do you mind ?
Another pregnant women 's abdomen was cut open|How the fuck I solve this ?
Pray God you soon will .|And now go if you must .
And God bless you .|Eh .
If I can bear it ... and if it 's true she 's forgotten me ... If it 's true and you see it is ...|I swear I 'll be strong .
No Papa , nothing . He hasn 't made himself disagreeable , has he ? Not in the least . He never does anything wrong . He may defy man or beast if I go with him . Uh , just a little bit too much on the good side . Still , that 's better than the other thing . I told him we shall take the train up to London this afternoon . Well I can 't get away from this too soon .|Aren 't you being a bit abrupt ?
No , it 's not possible .|I get the message .
Aren 't you being a bit abrupt ?|I serve not useful purpose by staying here , either to myself ... or to him .
What the fuck can we do ? Let 's tell the captain the real story ! Of course not !|It 's useless He 's fuckin changed ! He won 't help us That prick must know where Ting Zai is
The motherfucker 's back for revenge|There is something wrong about the Ping Che case
There is something wrong about the Ping Che case|I 'll head to the hospital
The news has given me quite an appetite for dinner .|Dolly , Dolly ... that fellow Vavasor , he 's trying to get into the Chelsea districts ... as a liberal .
You go to armoury and load up !|Do Ge What 's up Jeff , it 's been awhile
Nathalie ...|You 're sufferng a lot .
You 're sufferng a lot .|Stay still . Don 't speak .
Stay still . Don 't speak .|Nathalie ...
Do Ge What 's up Jeff , it 's been awhile|How are you guys ? Where are you ? I 'm with mother nature You guys are always welcomed to join me !
The case from half a year ago , do you remember ?|What 's the matter ?
What 's going on now ?|Lao Guay 's whole family is dead . Ting Zai is missing He 's flipped !
I 'm going back . His temperature 's still high . It has gone into his blood . It 's a nasty wound .|Don 't you start crying !
Kwok Wah , I 'm on my way to Queens Hill junction|He took the road to the gas station .
I am not crying .|Lionel .
My head feels huge and it 's pounding ...|Talk , then .
No , Lionel . I know I 'm very ill .|Listen to me now . I want to see Nathalie again .
Once lost and delusional with life Now a Minister for life Once a greedy taker of life , now a generous volunteer of life Our guest for the show , Minister Du How are you , Minister Fine , thank you|What made you retire from such a decorated career in the Police force And become a volunteer of life
I think I shall have a little rest , Lady Glencora . Thank you all the same .|What an interesting book you 're reading . Very interesting , as I am sure Mr. Palliser will agree .
Listen to me , Lionel . I beg you .|Be reasonable and I 'll do anything you want .
From now on I shall try to spend more time .|Don 't you think that when the house if full of guests things will be more lively for you ? Politicians will be like having a whole house full of Mr. Botts . Not all politicians are quite like Mr. Botts .
One night , one of the boys called me|He told me a prisoner had been released and was hunting us down one by one When I heard this , I felt an internal rage inside
Don 't you think that when the house if full of guests things will be more lively for you ? Politicians will be like having a whole house full of Mr. Botts . Not all politicians are quite like Mr. Botts .|For example , I would defy you to dislike the Duke of St. Bungay
I can 't .|I don 't want to .
I don 't want to .|My uncle must be told at once . He couldn 't possibly refuse .
I was scared !|I told myself there was nothing to be scared of
If you replace the flag ... with one of her scarves ...|Ask her to wear a white scarf .
You mean you 're finished with him ? I did not say that .|I mean , George , that I wish to think my own thoughts for awhile and I daresay Matching Priory is as good a place as any .
I must be off at once , or his uncle could blame me .|Of course . Go .
I mean , George , that I wish to think my own thoughts for awhile and I daresay Matching Priory is as good a place as any .|Besides ... Glencora 's letter makes me feel she needs me .
Besides ... Glencora 's letter makes me feel she needs me .|She may not be the only one .
Can you see anything there ?|Calm down , Patrice . I 'm with you .
They tell me it 's largely a matter of money .|I must say , Alice , if that old wiser up in Westmorland would let me have a few thousand on the estate now it could make all the difference to me over the next months . You know Grandfather , George . You 'll have to fight your way into Westminster Palace without any help from him .
It 's dark , Patrice . I can 't see a thing .|Can you hear anything ?
May I ask who you are looking for ?|I 'm looking for Principle Do
Can you see anything on the sea ?|Can you hear anything ?
A man can 't know till it is tried .|Plantagenet would keep her money in any case . I don 't know how that 'd be .
And I believe she still loves me . It 's like enough .|Has she the pluck for a thing like that ? Oh , she 's full of pluck .
Good afternoon Principle Do Good afternoon|Order , order
The boat .|Nathalie .
How many sugars ?|I don 't drink coffee
I don 't drink coffee|2 lumps ?
But I must have some money .|George ... can you get me some money to stay in the game ?
2 lumps is perfect|Please
George ... can you get me some money to stay in the game ?|I suppose so .
I suppose so .|After all , a spectator should pay for their amusement .
Subtitles by DramaFever|Episode 1
What ?|Is there any mail for me , by any chance ?
From where ? The United States . The United States ? Why ? Do you know someone there ?|I applied to a school in the U.S.
I 'll raise some more later if the play shows any signs of going your way .|But it 'll mean some sticky signing with those damned usurers in the city .
I can 't ... hold on to life ... any longer .|Patrice !
I won 't ?|Lionel ! It 's awful .
And if you don 't get in , what will you do ? I 'm busy , so leave .|But if I get in , will you lend me the money ? If you get in ... Then let 's talk .
But if I get in , will you lend me the money ? If you get in ... Then let 's talk .|OK .
Wife or girlfriend . Name unknown . She was also in the ambulance at the time .|OK .
I tell you what , Alice , you shall drive if you like .|I 'd much sooner you did . I like driving more than anything else in the world , I think . I ride sometimes when Sir Palliser doesn 't like ladies to hunt . But that 's pretty tame .
No , it wasn 't her , boss ! How dare you set fire to this place !|How could you do that to me ? !
Mike , we 've got a second eyewitness . Says she saw the collision as she drove by from over there . About a hundred metres away . Yeah . But she says she 's certain that she saw the car driving towards the ambulance .|So the ambulance is forced ... off the road here ...
How could you do that to me ? !|I didn 't do it . How dare you lie to my face ? !
Shall I know any of your other guests ? No . They 're all politicians .|As a good liberal I shall find that most interesting . Um , not Mr. Bott , you won 't .
Right , what have we got here , Satch ? So far , the only fingerprints we 've been able to identify are Sebastian Cole 's . Scene of Crime found saliva traces and medical debris here . Plus , we found an empty blister pack of pills here . Er ... Ver ... Veripidox .|His GP records show that Mr Cole was recently diagnosed as suffering from er ... peroxysmal supraventricular ... tachycardia ?
Mr. Bott ? A member from Saint Helens . Yes Mr. Bott , a member for Saint Helens .|Giddyap .
Giddyap .|Miss Vavasor .
Don 't you listen to what adults tell you ?|I 'll leave .
It was most kind of you to come . It was most kind of you to receive me , Mr. Palliser . Well spoken . Come along , my dear , I told them to have tea ready in my boudoir . Ah , Duke , this is my cousin Alice Vavasor . The Duke of Saint Bungay , Alice . Bunguy . Oh , Bungay sounds so much nicer . The Duke of Saint Bungay , Alice . Miss Vavasor .|How nice to have another young lady here . Oh , careful , Duke , or I shall be getting jealous . Come along , my dear . You 'll have to excuse us , sir , we 're going up for some tea . First , my dear . First what ? You must complete the introductions .
But since you 've come this far thanks to my parents ' store , I think I am entitled to some of your fortune . What ?|What did you say ?
My marriage is my concern , Lady Glencora . Of course , my dear , except I should expect you to tell me all about it . And all about that dashing cousin , too . The one that knows Mr. Fitzgerald .|My cousin George and I are old friends and that is all . I dare say it is . But don 't deceive yourself , Alice , or you may end up the same as me .
When I came round , I saw ... lights .|And you were there .
Ms. Go , send this girl away tonight . And if she refuses to leave , then report her to the police for arson .|How bad is the fire damage ?
Have you heard from cousin Alice down at Matching ? Just a short note to say there 's a party there , and the Duke of St. Bungay and all the liberal big " pots . " Does Glencora care for that ? Alice don 't say . It might help if you would get Alice to say a bit more .|She 's promised me more about all the politicians .
I 'm here to see the head of this place .|Over there .
To us . To the future .|SATCHELL : You might want to look at some of this .
SATCHELL : You might want to look at some of this .|Our young Sebastian was a bit of a banker . I bought some suits for Sebastian . It wasn 't like that ! He was going to pay everything back . As soon as you 'd signed the contract on his deal . What deal was that ? Importing ethnic art .
Hello ? This is Kang Young Gul .|Boss !
What she 's feeling . What she 's doing . Who 's she 's visiting from Matching .|This is my big chance , George , and I mean it to be a good one .
Nothing . It 's nothing .|I 'm sorry if I disappointed you .
That was about 8 : 30 . Did you or Sebastian see anyone ? Did he call anyone during that time ? No . It was just a really normal day .|Do you know anyone who would want to kill Sebastian ? Nobody . Business partners ? Ex lovers ? MOTHER : She hardly knew the man five minutes , how could she know that ? He was going to be my husband , Mother . Imogen ...
Ohran , man . Aren 't we still friends ?|I don 't like it when a deal goes wrong . Oh , Ohran , believe me , it 's not the way I wanted it to go . These boys , they don 't like you . Don 't give me reason to let them hurt you .
I don 't like it when a deal goes wrong . Oh , Ohran , believe me , it 's not the way I wanted it to go . These boys , they don 't like you . Don 't give me reason to let them hurt you .|Do what you have to do .
Do what you have to do .|OK ? OK . Yeah .
 What are these doing here ? Oh , my darling . No , it 's OK , sweetheart . Let 's just get you into the sitting room . Come on .|So er ... what 's that all about ?
So er ... what 's that all about ?|These are all the things they 'd bought together for the new flat . The start of a married life she 'll never have . You er ... don 't seem as set against Sebastian as your wife . Personally , I found him very appealing . He reminded me of an old boyfriend .
Hohwee .|You look tired , Lady Glencora . Let 's go to bed . I told you a dozen times , Alice , call me Glencora . But I doubt if you 'll want to when you hear what I 've got to tell you now .
Alice ... Alice , don 't let them force you to take him .|Even though your finger be put out for the ring there for your , you should go back if you did not love him .
Oh Alice ... Alice , if you knew how I hate myself . But I love you with all my heart .|Oh , Glencora , I love you so dearly . Then , you 're the only one that does . You and perhaps Burgo . You must not say that name .
I 'm sorry . I ... I don 't really understand . It means he could move the money on somewhere else without leaving a trace .|Imogen 's always had her difficulties .
I 've worked on this for 2 years , and you 're telling me to start over ?|If you don 't like it , then find another job .
But I couldn 't have remained here .|I had a long letter from Matching Prior this morning . Did you ? What news from Cousin Alice ? She likes the air in high places .
No .|Imogen , I know you want to protect him , but I have to ask you again . At any time , was Sebastian on his own during that trip ?
You !|Dammit ! You scared me !
What are you doing here ?|Why are you sleeping here ?
I 'm so glad you 're here , Clem . It was hell . I didn 't know what was happening . Seb was in the back of the ambulance . Sirens were screaming . Shh . Do the police know what it was all about ? They asked me a million questions .|But I don 't think they know anything .
Please , sir .|Spare a penny for a glass of gin ?
Can I assess it in financial terms ? Each piece was made with such love and devotion . How can I assess their value in strictly financial terms ?|You should 've punished her more severely . You 're too soft . I was going to report her to the police ...
For me hands , sir .|How cold it is .
What do you think ?|Why do you keep doing this ? I feel bad ...
Target 1 has spotted us . What do we do ? 'Everyone just stay cool here . ' We 've got a problem . What ? The address is under surveillance by a drugs team . We 've got an obs unit in the building opposite . Target 2 has got the word . She 's looking straight down our throats . What do we do ? Get ready and bring them in . We just make our excuses and leave . OK ?|'What 's she got in her hand ? Looks like a warrant card . You are kidding me . '
'What 's she got in her hand ? Looks like a warrant card . You are kidding me . '|They 're not going to be happy with us about this .
Why do you keep doing this ? I feel bad ...|It 's nothing compared to what you 've been doing for me .
We say our sorries . We screwed up . His name is McGill . He 's a DCI .|He 's got a reputation for pissing people off to get the job done . Really ? If he thinks he can walk all over me , he 's got another think coming . Here he is .
It 's pretty . Like I was saying , you 're really good at this .|Boss , you have a call from Hwa Jae Bum .
Point One . Any more scenes like that in front of your teams , and you both get to stay behind after school . Yes ? Sure . Point two . There seems to be an overlap between the murder squad and the drugs team . Let 's think of this as a good thing , and not a problem . Agreed ? Sir . Point three . I want a full exchange of information from both teams . Agreed ?|Agreed .
Agreed .|Our information tells us this Colombian producer has an arrangement to import cocaine into the UK via this man . Ohran Hikmet . Information from what source ? I 'm afraid I can 't tell you that .
Plantagenet , I told you when we were engaged that there was somebody who was dear to me . And now we are married . Well , how does that signify ? Well you knew . Everybody knew whom I meant .|Mr. Fitzgerald . Glencora , you are my wife . It cannot signify . But Mr. Fitzgerald is Lady Monk 's nephew . He will be a Monkshade at Christmastime . He always goes . Well he 'll still be there when we arrive .
Eh , ahh , Miss Vavasor .|And , uh , how much longer , Miss Vavasor , shall we have the pleasure of your company here at Matching , eh ? A little while yet , I think . Oh , I 'm glad of that . Heh , heh . Uh , uh , for the sake of our dear young friend Lady Glencara .
I , too , shall be staying for some time . To assist Mr. Palliser .|I don 't mind telling you , Miss Vavasor , that I look upon our friend , Mr. Palliser as the most rising public man in the country . I 'm glad to hear you say so .
I have a lot of things to focus on , okay ? So just do what I tell you to do . Think about what it means to be a world brand , and just make it identical to the real thing .|Look at you . Don 't want to do it ?
But if he ... wishes it ?|You see I have the means of knowing that he has the greatest reliance on your Judgement .
I hardly knew my mother . She died when I was still very small . Quite so , my dear , which is one more excellent reason why those who loved her should love you , and should be concerned for your welfare . I 'm old enough to concern myself for that . No doubt . I hear you are engaged to marry an excellent gentleman called Mr. John Grey . And so I determined to take in Matching on my journey from London , in order to congratulate you , and to inquire on what date your marriage is to take place .|No date has yet been agreed , Lady Midlothian . Now I understand . Why not , pray ?
Your mother is on the way back now . Do you know where Clem Ross is now ? I suppose at home .|Clem isn 't involved in this thing . He couldn 't be .
We had long planned this romantic expedition , had we not , Alice ?|Oh , we have often talked of it , certainly . Glencora , I do not know the reason for Miss Vavasor 's distress , but people do not usually out at night in December . It 's all the more reason why we want to do it . We 'll wrap ourselves up , and nobody need worry about us and go out as against vampires , though Alice , alone , I think is more than a match for them .
I shall not forbid it .|Then that 's settled then . We shall leave at ten o 'clock .
Burgo !|That 's better .
In the sixteen years I 've done this , there 's one thing I 've learned . A person who pays you back is a good man .|You are a very good man .
That 's better .|Now , if anyone mentions the Pallisers before they arrive you 'll reflect complete indifference .
Go ahead . Farewell .|Wait .
And the rest is up to you . Do I make an arrangement with her , or do I get her to bolt with me then and there ? That is entirely up to you , Burgo . I mean I can say or order household best that you are left accidentally alone together . More than that I cannot do . No , I suppose not . Still , ten minutes alone with her . That should do the trick . You shall have more than ten minutes .|Aunt Duphemia , ... you 've missed your true vocation . What is that ? Now look , there is just one thing more you can do for me .
This is just the beginning .|Buy yourself some food .
Oh , come on now , Duphemia , just a tenner .|I 've got to get back to London . I 've got to survive somehow until Christmas .
Turn it on .|Go ahead .
So what ? We just wait here ?|Well , if you 're asking , do we find out what 's happening before we walk in there , blowing our whistle and waving our warrant card , ...
What do you do ?|What ?
Um ... The lights are on . The sign above the door says KZI Imports . Does it ring any bells ? 'KZI ? Don 't think so . Go and take a look . ' Get in there . And tell McGill this is a murder investigation . We take precedence over drugs . Will do . Thank you .|KZI is stamped on the furniture , Mike . You know ? At the Bullers ' place . Mike ?
He made it fairly clear .|But he did not forbid it .
And here lie our dead amateurs , eh ?|Mr Ross . Smart enough to know the scam , but too bloody dumb to know you need ventilation . Jesus Christ .
We request your response as soon as possible .|Where is this ?
Thanks . You know I don 't smoke .|So ? What are we speaking about ?
It was on just such a moon ... in the garden during the ball when I first met Burgo .|But then ... then it was summer .
But then ... then it was summer .|Summer for both of us . Oh , Glencora .
What do you want me to do ? Let me come to your place . You 're insane !|Pierre , it 's impossible .
Pierre , it 's impossible .|I won 't bother you .
Thank you sir . He should learn while he 's young .|Oh , and Mr. Jung would like to apologize to you .
In fourteen hours , we 'll arrive at JFK Airport in New York City . All together , it may take up to 16 hours .|When we arrive at the airport , there will probably be some people waiting . I think Miss Hee Sun and Audrey will be there . After we meet them , we 'll eat with them at a Korean restaurant . The owner there is my friend ...
Ah , Miss Vavasor .|Mr. Palliser .
The job worked out pretty well .|Waldo !
Hey .|Hey .
My wife bids me say that she must keep to her room .|She has taken a very bad cold after your impetuous walk together in the dark . Then I shall go to her . No , not now , Miss Vavasor . She needs rest and quiet .
Mr. Palliser , she is reluctant to go to Monkshade after Christmas .|I believe you know why . Well , this is mere childishness . She must stiffen her back and face it down . Mr. Palliser , she must not go to Monkshade , indeed , she must not . Miss Vavasor , when I need your advice in making plans for myself and my wife I shall venture to consult you .
What ? It seems like a good school .|Even though I think it 'd be good for you to build experience here , but they 're giving you a scholarship . You like free things .
In the meantime , as Lady Glencora will not be fit enough to entertain you for several days to come you might find yourself more comfortable elsewhere .|Very well , Mr. Palliser .
Keep your show for the boring evenings . Don 't think you 're that smart , Sasha .|Eric 's not gonna fancy your behavior . I 'm his brother , remember ?
I have already accepted for us both .|Now , Glencora , you are my wife , ... and it is your duty to accompany me . But you won 't need me . You said , yourself , it 's all politicians . Your absence might occasion comment . And that is an end of this discussion .
He 's not made of steel . No one can destroy in one day a 12 years old organization . Not even a small emigrant who 's dreaming himself bigger than he is ! Here we are . The word is spit .|That 's why you always hated me . Because I 'm an emigrant . A nobody for you .
The best shows always eventually come off . And guys like you always eventually end up as puzzles for coroners !|That 's it , Fred .
What ?|Who ? Hey , is your boyfriend Hwang Tae San ? Yeah .
Who ? Hey , is your boyfriend Hwang Tae San ? Yeah .|Oh seriously .
Otherwise ...|Adios , Freddo .
Hmm .|And now , Dolly ?
Why are you up ? I need to get out !|Did my boyfriend call ?
The place ain 't even entailed to him .|Is that the sort of thing that you want in the Liberal party ? Ha , ha , ha , well it 's the sort of thing we 're always getting , whether we like it or not .
Hey , I think you 'll have to hang low for a while .|I have nowhere to go .
Did you sleep well ?|Not talkative .
I 'm taking you to Eric .|He asked that you come down .
Who 's given up milk .|Relishes the taste of brandy .
We met Grady Bridges .|Star of The Valley , the best show ever .
Go back to your room .|Why did you speak like this to Sasha ? It 's not gona fix things ! I don 't want to fix things .
I love Fred as much as you do .|He 's my brother and there 's things between us that men can 't forget .
I 've never felt this way about a girl , a woman , before . Yeah , I don 't care . Tomorrow , Marissa 's going to L.A. You , you 're going to Julie 's . It 's gonna end .|Got it ? It 's gonna end .
Another great idea from Eric . If you want , I 'll go get the tray tonight .|Ok . But don 't tell it to Eric . He 'd be mad .
Ok . But don 't tell it to Eric . He 'd be mad .|" When someone will be reading this letter , I 'll be dead and nothing will matter anymore for me . That 's why I 'll try to tell all I know . Since nearly a year , I 'm working for a gang of drug traffickers . From this gang , I only know one man . A man called Fred that I met in a bar of the rue Mouffetard . He was bringing me the opium hidden in beer cases .
Relishes the taste of brandy .|George .
George .|I knew you 'd see it sooner or later . After that time in Switzerland .
Aren 't you wondering what you 're doing here ? Take the tray and go away . What if I offer to help you ?|Do you know what they plan to do with you ?
So you go to L.A. , and I 'm gonna spend some time with my mom .|See you .
So you really want me to go ?|It 's not about what I want . It 's about what you need .
I need you .|My father ?
You 're your own mistress . That 's what he said .|My grandfather ? Oh , he can 't say anything .
Yes ... since you came back from Matching .|What happened there ?
Grandpapa .|There is something which you must know . Yes , my dear . Which you must all know .
There is something which you must know . Yes , my dear . Which you must all know .|You have always told me that I ought to be married . And so you ought , my dear , to Mr. Grey .
That is now longer possible .|I 'm to tell you of another engagement .
Come on .|Cheers , cheers . To me , in all my glory and a second season .
Let 's go . Call me sometime .|I will .
And remember , he is your heir . Now , look here , Miss Alice , George Vavasor is the only son of my eldest son , and for that reason he shall inherit this estate when I am gone . For that is the way things should be .|But , until then he shall not have a penny from me , and he shall not enter these doors until I am carried out of them dead .
I think it 's important .|Tito got busted , that 's enough . He thinks he 's alone in the world and surrounded with enemies . That 's not Martin 's type . He 's just hold up .
Now remember you 're to be politely civil to both of them , no less and no more . I 'll try and keep them out of your way as much as possible . But you will be putting her in my way tomorrow , won 't you ? When you ' chance ' to meet her tomorrow , Burgo , you will need to be at your best which will mean the less of this the better .|That must be them now .
Goodbye . Goodbye , Hailey .|What are you gonna do now , big shot ? What are you gonna do now ? What are you gonna do , hit a kid ?
What are you gonna do now , big shot ? What are you gonna do now ? What are you gonna do , hit a kid ?|Dad ?
Why don 't you guys head back . I 'm gonna give Hailey a lift .|Okay , we 'll just go find Seth and Summer . All right .
That 's Wanda 's revolver ! Where is Wanda ? Go have a look . I think she 's dead .|She tried ... She tried to scald me .
Okay , we 'll just go find Seth and Summer . All right .|Drive safe .
Drive safe .|I wish you would 've called first . I would 've washed my hair .
It 's all right . It doesn 't matter .|It doesn 't matter .
She 's unfortunately indisposed . I 'm very sorry to hear that .|Very sorry , indeed .
That 's true , she killed her .|Unbelievable .
So you wanna come home ?|Yeah .
Bad for us . They 'll make the connection with the discovery of Chevrel 's body .|Where that girl can be ?
But there 's one more point .|Your ball in London is still some way off .
Bill ! What the hell ?|Both of you , stop it !
Okay .|Hi , Cal . It 's me . When you 're ready for that date , let me know .
His underworld activities and murders .|That might be very bad for your standard of living .
You don 't know what you 're sayin ' . I 'm not the vampire you think I am .|Not anymore .
Uh , okay . So we broke a few laws of physics here .|Maybe God 's trying to play a magic trick ?
So ? Take Nora upstairs . I 'll explain you afterwards . No . No , I 'm afraid ! Don 't be afraid . It 's part of the profession . What you say is terrible ! We 'll resume this discussion later . It 's gonna be fascinating .|What time is it , Waldo ?
I think we can cut it now .|But me ... ?
I don 't need her alive .|While Fred ...
Mike ! Mikey ! Where are you ? Mikey ? Mikey !|The place is goin ' up . Outside now . I can 't find Mikey . I 'll come back for him . No ! I ain 't leavin' without my baby ! Mikey ! Mikey ! I want Mikey ! Stay put !
I ain 't usually a damsel in distress , but right now I could really use some saving . This is heavier than it looks .|Wow . Uh , fightin ' crime . It 's a hell of a workout . Where you want it ? Oh , uh , this truck right over here . Can I help you ? Uh , you been through enough for one day . Your boys okay ? Yeah , they were at their dad 's last night , thank Goddess .
Eric would have been at your mercy for a long time !|I couldn 't , Arlette . You know it .
I couldn 't , Arlette . You know it .|I didn 't had the means .
How ' bout you ? You got a place to go ? Oh , um , I always land on my feet . Well , thank you , Sheriff . Andy . Thank you , Sheriff Andy . Hey , next time you 're in Merlotte 's , I 'll buy you a cheeseburger .|You mean , like a date ? Oh . I wasn 't exactly thinking ' that , 'cause my house just almost burned down and all . Yeah . I 'm sorry .
We 'll move from that barge , afterwards ?|Don 't you like our barge ? Why " our barge " ?
I knew they were right . So you ran . And you thought it 'd never catch up to you . I wasn 't thinkin ' . I can 't tell you how good it felt . I can do anything , be anybody . So the woman I 've been living with , telling all my secrets to for the past six months , who was that ?|Everything I wish I was .
Because for me , you 're just a big bad wolf ?|You 're so young . Young ! Young ! ...
I 'd like to go to the market without looking back .|To be sure you 'll be there when I come back . Go to the movies .
I should kick your fuckin ' ass .|Do what you need to do .
She 's good , isn 't she ? Like if she had done that all her life .|There can be callings even in here .
There can be callings even in here .|Hello .
He 's only in there because of me . He 's probably innocent .|Just because of me , we 'll never be able to prove in time .
We go get him . What 's wrong ?|I 'll tell you later . We 've got no time to lose .
Just because of me , we 'll never be able to prove in time .|I can 't even look him in the eye . I stuck my neck out for you , Mike ... 'Cause I thought somewhere deep inside there might still be a good cop .
Last chance to prove me right .|Yeah , yeah , yeah ... Save the " I told you sos , " but it 's not like I didn 't expect him to do something stupid eventually . And stupid or not , he did help me link Ryan Jessup to Bree Michaels . Well , then you 're definitely gonna love this . The knife that you took off his boat ? The blood matches Bree Michaels . You 're right . I do love that .
But that can 't be all I want . That 's what happened before . You were my whole world . And when I lost you , I lost everything . And it drove me fucking crazy .|I need this , Alcide . The pack is shifting together tonight for the full moon .
Here .|You 're beautiful , Nora . I know it .
Come with me , please .|Please .
And catch us a killer .|I felt ... alone .
Help me . I 'm so afraid .|I have seen your suffering .
Vulnerable .|I was afraid for me and my son . My husband was in prison , and I couldn 't account for all of our stated income on our joint tax returns , which I signed and Agent Elkins warned me could result in criminal charges . Did Agent Elkins suggest or provide any solutions to your problem ? He did .
Use me .|Avenge yourself !
Otherwise , he wouldn 't have answered the phone by himself .|Are you afraid to die , Riquet ? Look at me , I 'm calm . Yet , you don 't take me to the dance !
The sun ! Creature of death .|... your very breath !
... your very breath !|Creature of death ! Fire shall take your very breath !
I 'm sorry about trying to run , too . Ah , I would have been disappointed if you didn 't .|Jim ... It 's okay , Mike . I get it .
Jim ... It 's okay , Mike . I get it .|So , that 's what you do when we give you enough rope to hang yourself ? You save a man 's life . You know , after all this , I forgot to eat . Oh , my God . I 'm starving .
Ah !|Hello , dearest . You know , I 'd happily agree to your terms and give your little speech if I thought you 'd actually follow through with them on your end . But come on , how stupid do you think I am ? There is no chance that you 're gonna give me Olivia . And by now , you should know how I feel about being lied to . So you just wrote a check that you can 't cash . But guess what . I 'm gonna make you pay anyway .
You hungry ? I could fix us some steaks .|Jason ?
It 's too late .|One way or another you were lost for me . But ... as you 're here ...
One way or another you were lost for me . But ... as you 're here ...|I 've no regrets .
Doorknob .| Ooh .
Yeah , well ... My mom and dad have not lived in the same house in over a year . Is that right ? No , he 's not in Zurich . He just bailed on her tonight because he wanted to hurt her , because nothing matters more to my mother ... than keeping up appearances , especially mine . Yeah , listen , sweetheart , I don 't really do tears . So here we are ... we 're high . Let 's just relax , enjoy .| I 'm sorry . She 's just so frustrating .
That 's right . I 'm not really Dr. Jason Cole .|I know what you 're thinking . " Sure you are Jason Cole . You 're a surgeon at I.M.H. You believe in principles and morals and values . You believe in sympathy and understanding , that they outweigh the surgeon 's knife . That you 're more hippocratic than hypocrite . " But here 's the thing . I am really not the man that you think I am . I ...
I know what you 're thinking . " Sure you are Jason Cole . You 're a surgeon at I.M.H. You believe in principles and morals and values . You believe in sympathy and understanding , that they outweigh the surgeon 's knife . That you 're more hippocratic than hypocrite . " But here 's the thing . I am really not the man that you think I am . I ...|In fact ...
We should say goodbye to each other , now .|The hard part is to finish with you . I don 't care about all the rest . Before , we played our lives side by side . We hardly have a bright future before us , but if you were up to ... I think I 'll stay with you .
The hard part is to finish with you . I don 't care about all the rest . Before , we played our lives side by side . We hardly have a bright future before us , but if you were up to ... I think I 'll stay with you .|What 's the matter with you ?
Last stop in the guided tour of Tara Thornton 's glamorous life . The dump I used to work at . Merlotte 's Bar and Grill . Servin ' up craziness , seven days a week . Oh , look who we got in here , brother . It suits you . You know that ain 't a compliment , right ? Why not ? Hey , it looks comfortable . And friendly . Don 't be fooled .|Ooh !
Ooh !|Hey !
I 'm a police officer ! And a werepanther ! Back off !|Jason . Jason .
What do you think they talk about ?|You 've been asking me that for three months . I don 't know . Do you think she asks about us ? She 's a social worker . It 's her job .
What ? Oh , um , it 's ' cause I gave you my blood . It 's like there 's this little bit of me that 's still inside of you , and I ... I 'll always be able to find ya and save ya . It 's pretty cool , huh ? Uh , uh , no . I got enough goin ' on inside me . I don 't need you in there , too . Well , you 're obviously freaking out . You must need saving ' from somethin ' . Huh ? No , I , uh ... I just thought I heard somethin ' in the woods . Probably just possums , racoons .|Are you kiddin ' ? It is a full moon . Uh , yeah . This place is crawlin with supernatural stuff . Really , it ain 't safe for you to be out here alone . Yeah , it ain 't safe for me to be anywhere .
Maybe it is .|What ?
I love you . I always have . You love me too . Say it . You don 't have to be afraid of me . I 'm not afraid of you . I 'm afraid of myself when I 'm around you .|I can 't be that person again . Don 't you understand that ?
Good . Right . Good . All right ? Better ? Yeah . How 'd you know how to do that ? Well , it used to happen to my mama all the time .|Your mama was a werepanther ? No . Um ...
Sorry . It 's nightly rates only . But I do have a nice room for you to rest up . Cool .|Baby , hurry up !
Jason ! Jason ! Please , just come home . We 'll deal with this !|Jason ?
Jason ?|Hey , Sookie .
Completely .|Has she talked any more about Alice ? Not to me .
That got a better view .|Newlyweds are always the best . Newlyweds and cheating husbands .
He 's with his mates . He 's not run off or anything .|He 's fine .
Welcome to the Meadow View .|I 'd like a single for the night .
That was different than I expected .|What 's that mean ? Oh . Oh , no , not in a bad way .
What 's that mean ? Oh . Oh , no , not in a bad way .|No , it was like we just met . Like we were strangers .
Must be the full moon . Yeah . Must be .|We need to get out there and shift . Crows . What do you think , huh ? Or eagles . We 'll fly right up under that moon .
We need to get out there and shift . Crows . What do you think , huh ? Or eagles . We 'll fly right up under that moon .|I think it 's time for you to go .
It 's unlikely that you 'll be a father again .|No , I ... I don 't understand . We had Alice . So how ... ? As I say , not impossible , but unlikely .
I 'm sorry .|It 's not the end of the world . No .
It 's not the end of the world . No .|It 'll be all right .
Where 's this guy here ? Right ... That dude .|We have no idea what to do with him .
Who 's the lady ?|She must have killed herself when I checked in . You in the habit of murdering strange women ?
And now ... Now it 's endless .|You know , growing up with Sook , I was sick of gettin ' my ass beat sticking ' up for her at school , you know ? But a part of me always wondered : Why 'd she get all the special ?
We got it all on video . All of it . Everything .|Just my luck , huh ? A couple of peeping Toms .
Yes . We did .|Can we send her back if we change our mind ?
Should we call the cops ? This is ... This is a murder scene . You call the cops , all right , they start asking questions . You run the risk of exposing your operation .|We could kill him .
Yeah , you 're right . Sometimes words just come out of my face , and I got no idea what they mean . Jason , wait . I ... Jess , thanks for babysitting ' me and all , but , uh , I ain 't turning ' into a werepanther . I 'm just good old Jason Stackhouse . Yes . Your boyfriend 's best buddy . Yeah , well . Nice talkin ' to ya . You , too . Hey , could we maybe not tell Hoyt about this ? Yeah , I was just gonna say the same thing . Good . Yeah , ' cause ... We don 't want him worrying ' . I don 't want him to freak out for no reason . There ain 't nothin to worry about .|Well ...
Nobody buys porn anymore .|But killing ...
Your Majesty . You understand why you 're here ? I 've been told I 'm under the spell of a necromancer .|And that I consorted with your human .
And that I consorted with your human .|Sookie is not mine . But you love her . Irrelevant . You are here , Sheriff Northman , because I have been given orders to sentence you to the true death .
Sometimes .|Sometimes , I just know she 's there .
Well , you know there is a market for this type of deal .|As soon as we untie him he 's gonna take off . Getting paid to kill . What better deal am I gonna get than that ? Who said anything about getting paid ? Well , I am doing the dirty work . I get equal cut . You got big demands for a fella tied to a chair . Equal .
Where ?|Here .
Here .|In the house .
You get out of line someone anonymously drops that tape off to the police .|He 's gonna have another copy , so if something happens to us well , he 'll take care of the rest .
He 's gonna have another copy , so if something happens to us well , he 'll take care of the rest .|Now , let 's get something straight .
I saw it last night .|After I 'm gone , I hope you 'll find your way back to each other .
'Cause she deserves happiness .|With whoever can give it to her .
He 's talkin about spirits . And it 's not Marnie or spirits we need protection from . It 's vampires .|You don 't even know what you need . Fucking idiots .
Tell me what the fuck to do ! I don 't know what to do !|What the fuck ?
What the fuck ?|Shh .
Good . That 's settled then .|Is the heating on ? We need to keep the place warm .
Sorry for the wait .|A little too much iced tea tonight .
Who the fuck is Tio Luca ?|Hey , Tommy . I 'm back . You ready to run ?
I think I might like Tara better .|Why is that ? Well , we just met , but it seems like she 's been through a hell of a lot , and she 's doin the best she can .
Why is that ? Well , we just met , but it seems like she 's been through a hell of a lot , and she 's doin the best she can .|She 's also really beautiful . And smart . And good in bed . Oh , yeah ?
I 'm looking forward to getting to know her better .|You are coming home , right ? I mean , back to New Orleans ? I want to .
It was packed away so carefully .|It was obviously loved .
Chicago 's not going anywhere , Caleb .|And if you 're not happy , we 'll go back . What if you 're happy ? I won 't be . Not if you 're not .
And if you 're not happy , we 'll go back . What if you 're happy ? I won 't be . Not if you 're not .|" If you need anything , just scream " ?
Paul .|I 've just had Luddington 's on the phone complaining you 've invoiced them twice for the same supplies .
What is that ?|I don 't know .
Scouts and Guides have volunteered and the Government said yes . For what ? To catch spies and saboteurs . German ! Go home ! What was that for , Johnny Briggs ? For being German . We can 't stay here . It was you , wasn 't it ? You helped the Browns to escape . It 's treason , Hattie .|Edward , get off me ! Harriet ...
Don 't you think you 're getting a bit carried away ?|How ? I like it . But it 's not just retro , is it ?
Right . We wait here till Dad gets back . You can 't tell him . I can too . I have to . They 're not the enemy . How do you know ? He saved Sam 's life .|What 're you talking about ? I 'm talking about Sam nearly getting hit on the railway and Thomas Brown saving him . They are just people . People whose girl fell in love with a German boy . Nobody knew the war was coming . They 're not the enemy . It 's the law . They 've lost their dad already . You want them to lose their mum too ? Have her taken away ? Put in prison for nothing ? That 's not what I meant . You know what it 's like . You know what it 's like to lose your mum . One day she 's there , and then ...
What you need is someone else to play with .|Someone like you . Then you wouldn 't be so sad .
Oh , that sounds good .|Lucky I got something for you . We should be up and ready in a couple days so if you need a place to stay on your way back , come on by .
This is great . Good work , men .|What time do you call this , Jimmy Cruickshank ? You were supposed to be on allotment duty half an hour ago . Reckon I can do you one better . What is it ? Canned pork , I think . How did you get that ? My da got ' em . From the docks . Got ' em or nicked ' em ? Oh , get off your horse ! Do you want them or not ? Brought them here for your pals , didn 't I ? Where else are they going to get meat from ?
No . Don 't be like that . I do like you , it 's just ... everyone gets upset .|All right then .
Come on , please .|Knock on something or ... or move something .
Knock on something or ... or move something .|Alice ? Can you hear me ?
" The lice is bad , cos they get in your clothes " and take up lodging in the seams . " We go after ' em with a candle flame and burn them out , " pop , pop , pop , like little chestnuts . " And then there 's trench foot , which is cruel , far worse than lice , " but I ain 't got that yet , thank God . " Trench foot 's from when your feet are wet and cold all the time . So we 're sending socks to keep the lads ' feet warm . You could do a pair . What , me , knit socks ? You could try . That 'll be the day .|Come on , I want to get these on the ship .
Come on , I want to get these on the ship .|Afternoon , ladies .
Wanna scare them ? Let 's scare them .|How do you know he 's watching us ?
When 's this set sail , then ? High tide tonight . It 's going to be cloudy . That 's good .|Dad says he 'll bring us back summat from France . Nick summat from France , you mean . Give over , will ya ? What 's this , then ? I 've got this for the boat . Can it go on ? Course it can , love . I 'll put it with the others . Now hop on out of it , the lot of you . We 've got all this to sort .
Great . You gonna go ask Norman Bates for a jump or should I ?|I know I didn 't leave the lights on , okay ?
What is it ? Have the Germans come ? No , it 's not that . The supply ship was sunk .|Did anyone ... ? Were there any ... ? There weren 't any survivors . I 'm sorry .
Did anyone ... ? Were there any ... ? There weren 't any survivors . I 'm sorry .|Want to hear the good news ? Ma 's got herself a job . She 's got to stay in Whitby for the week , though , says she 'll be back Friday night , though , God willing . I 'm sorry , there wasn 't any . I couldn 't get ...
Go out the other side ! Go , go , go ! Go !|Shit !
Do you keep records of local newspapers from 1967 ? Yeah . Follow me .|November .
What ? Orange and red like a bonfire . You saw it ? It were very far off . Like a bonfire but on the water .|It were pretty . People died ! He doesn 't understand that . It were just a pretty light to him . He likes to watch stuff . I 'm sorry .
They 're not just trying to scare us . This is more than that . They wouldn 't go through that if they planned on letting us walk .|Oh , my God . He said your name . What ? What ?
What if it were the other way round ?|If they tell him he 's got to jump out of the trench and attack ? I hate this war . I wish it were over . I wish he 'd come home . He will . Promise .
You didn 't say your name when we checked in . Oh , my God .|They can hear us .
Marchlands " .|Bloody hell .
No ... No ! No !|No !
Reckon we 'll see something ? Dunno . Lewis says they don 't come regular . Sometimes yes , sometimes no . It bothers him . He wants them to be in a pattern and they 're not . He 's a strange one , all right . Yeah . That 's what everyone says . Poor little Lewis , must be terrible , all that . But sometimes I think he 's the lucky one . What do you mean ? He 's all right . He don 't worry . And you do ? I have to worry for him , and me , and Mam .|Julie too .
Even if things do pick up in the next six months , it won 't do me any good if I 've gone under .|Yeah , I know , I know .
How did you say you got in here again ?|There was an open window in the bathroom . But you told us that in our room .
They must have heard you .|Maybe not . It 's worth a shot anyway . Come on . Let 's go .
Maybe not . It 's worth a shot anyway . Come on . Let 's go .|You guys stay .
If I don 't go now , I might not get a chance .|Ruth 's running Alice a bath . I thought you might want to come and help . No , next time .
Easy does it . Easy does it . No !|Run , Jess ! No ! Caleb !
I was right in the middle of things . Was it important ?|No , not really .
No , not really .|Yes . You like that , don 't you , sweetheart ? My little girl liked that .
Shit .|Shit .
Stop it !|Stop it ! Stop this !
Stop moving !|Tanner , Tanner , come on . Come on . Are you okay ? Come on .
Excuse me . Has the cargo ship been and docked ? Aye , love . Two days back . But my brother was meant to be on it . Stephen Croft . I wouldn 't know about that , love , I weren 't on duty that night . But if he were , he 'd have come and seen you , wouldn 't he ?|What is it ?
You don 't know that .|Yes , I do know that . And you know too .
Yeah , fine .|Everything 's fine .
Stephen were hurt . I know . But it was just a scratch . He 's all right , Mam , it said so in his letter .|They sent him home .
Let 's just keep going , okay ?|Let 's keep going . Let 's go . Let 's keep going .
Go ! Go ! Get them !|No !
But the ... the ship he were on ... Stephen 's ship was sunk .|It went down wi ' all hands .
You were a good teacher .|So ... you weren 't born deaf ?
I lost it when I got meningitis .|I was four .
There 's a car , there 's a car !|Go , go , go !
Vi , please can you let me come up ?|I 'm sorry .
Move .|Move ! Go !
Forget ?|How can I forget ? You drag it around with you like a ball and chain .
Who 's that ? Who 's that ? Harriet ? Harriet ? Who is it ? Did you see which way they went ? No !|We 've lost them .
We 've lost them .|Who was that ? I don 't know .
Well , it makes me wonder what I need you two for .|Let 's have some fun .
Students . I should 've guessed . We 're not all tearing up the streets of Paris , you know .|May I ?
May I ?|I 'm Brian .
Let 's have some fun .|I don 't like this anymore , Gordon .
Yeah .|So he was seeing loads of girls ?
We 'll just let it play out .|I mean , he 's the only one who 's killed anyone tonight . We 'll wait till the time 's right and we 'll pin the whole thing on him .
Olive ? Olive Runcie , the deaf woman . He did tell you . He used to work in her garden or something .|That 's right . The summer before he left .
You wanna die first ?|Fine by me .
Water under the bridge now , though . New baby and everything .|Yes , of course . It 's a long time ago .
Almost made my ears bleed .|I wonder what you sound like .
Caleb .|Caleb .
Do you ever go away anywhere ?|Leeds ... Blackpool , sometimes .
Alcide Herveaux , you are our brother .|We welcome you unto our land , and call upon you to defend it with us .
Hey .|She said she 'd be okay .
Spain ... London ... Scotland ... .|... Amsterdam ... Paris , I 've been to Paris .
Las Vegas .|No , no .
Yeah . Lives in Florida . Says Gordon Jenks runs the business for him . I know Gordon . Seems decent enough . Not if you buy the girl 's story . Do you ? All I 'm buying is some folks are dead .|Sure would make it easier if we could find out what happened to her friends .
So how many do you want ? As many as you can make me . I 'll start burning some copies .|How long before you can have a new one ? A few weeks .
Put on your seatbelt . I can 't .|Put it on , and we can go . I can 't go with you . Toni , don 't be so ... Tara .
 hey . thought we said not the face .  my ball to call . let 's get to the chopper , get the guns , neutralize abdi 's men , then we interrogate ' em . let 's move .  if all goes well ... you might get that gun . | all right , now once we start firing , abdi 's other men are gonna be coming. take the shot ... fire .  oh ! aah ! let 's move ! go , go , go ! come on . simon. come on .   here they come !  what the hell is that ? fire ! they failed me . but you will not . you will fulfill your part of the plan . honey ?  hey ! lunch is ready !
" save yourself and your families from a fire whose fuel is men and stones . " i painted it myself as a warning . in all my time , i haven 't been in there . devil or no , it is an evil place . but there is one thing that can push a man more than fear . what 's that ? destiny . you look like you 've seen a ghost . it 's entirely the opposite . what i designed was theoretical . it could only be done in the future , and yet it 's been standing here for 18 years . welcome to the future . you said these designs were stolen from you ? this was built in ' 91 , but you didn 't come up with the concept till ' 92 .  i don 't know how that 's possible . someone must have invented it before you . no. this is exactly what i designed . i don 't get it . whoever did this , why would they leave it behind for somebody to find ? they were hauling these things away. then the war came . why didn 't they ever come back to finish ? the war hasn 't stopped . found something . it 's a chessboard . it 's been sitting here for 18 years . and we have portable power .  here 's to hoping .| what did you see ?   i knew this boy . he was my friend . what 'd he say ? he said he saw himself playing a game .  and did it happen ?   he said what he saw came true .
Tell me that doesn 't count for anything .|Not enough .
Bit late , isn 't it ? Where have you been ?|Nowhere . Just out . Do you know what time it is ?
Oh , shit .|Stay calm . Don 't do nothin ' .
You know , it 's funny . We 've been living together and everything , and we haven 't had the talk about having kids ... What ? Although I guess that 's part of a longer conversation . It 's already longer than I thought it would be .|I know you 've got grown kids , but , I mean , it probably wouldn 't hurt to at least think about it .
I can 't reach the mail . Because you gained 75 pounds , and you 're only two months pregnant .|That makes me sad . I need bacon .
Sorry . It seems to be mising from my truck .|Okay .
Oh . Yeah , and maybe turned into a werewolf panther . Uh , it 's just a werepanther .|And I 'm not . It was full moon . Nothin ' happened , so I 'm pretty sure I 'm fine . Well , it must be a relief at least , right ? Yep . I 'm cool . Don 't you even think about me . Well ...
Yeah , I 'm glad you 're good .|So you two ain 't fixed things up yet , huh ? She 's slippin ' away from me . I know it .
It 's the lowest form of shopping .|Well , I 'm kind of in shock right now .
I felt it .|She 's returned . You mean , like a ghost ? There 's a witch that we 've been keeping an eye on . She 's harmless on her own , but somehow , Antonia has inhabited Marnie 's body . And now that Antonia has a human host , well , you can see the result .
Well , why would Antonia wanna kill you ? It 's not just me .|Luis promised resurrection .
Why do you think I was selling my body for sex ? ...|You are hiding it somewhere . Eh ? ...
I believe that she wants to make all vampires meet the sun , finish what she started in 1610 . But that ... That 's insane . There are millions of vampires . Since when has any fanatic been held back by the improbability of their righteous mission ?|Okay .
 Hero ? No , Mr. President . I 'm just a dad .|I guess your life really changes when you have a kid , doesn 't it ? Oh , it sure does . You have to have a lot of time and a whole lot of energy .
Okay .|Well , I sure as hell don 't wanna fry in the sun . What do we do ? Sheriffs , alert every vampire in your area . Instruct them to leave the state . I will handle areas three and five myself . Those who choose to stay , they will do as we do : Bind ourselves with silver to keep us in our coffins .
Where 's Wilbur ? Oh , my God ! We lost Wilbur !|Look , he couldn 't have gotten far . He 's only crawling , and the floors are sticky .
I 'll check by the door . You check by the bar .|I 'll check by the bar . You check by the door .
It 's impossible not to remember .|Were you wearing your underpants afterwards ? .
Hey , little fella .|Oh ! Thank God you found him !
Did he use his left or right hand to remove them ? .|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|You did a lot of terrible things to me , and people I love .
You did a lot of terrible things to me , and people I love .|But then there 's the you who 's so good , and kind , and sweet . I could never have let the old you into my bed . God knows you tried .
I really don 't remember ... 'cause I was scared and upset .|Really ? . If such rapist truly exists ...
Dad . Check it out .|" Cleveland 's hottest dad " ?
Did you say if ? . He exists !|T ry one more time .
Wow ! Who even knew this was a thing ?|Dad , the Indians offered me a minor league contract . Seriously ? Well , that 's fantastic ! Wait . What 's with that look ? Dad ...  the truth is ...
I ... I hope I will .|'Cause that day 's gonna come , and I wanna be still feeling this , now .
Was there foreplay involved ? . Do you know about foreplay ? .|Did he use his fingers ? .
'Cause that day 's gonna come , and I wanna be still feeling this , now .|I want to so , so bad .
Well , maybe not the greatest , but , then again , mugs don 't lie .|Alec , did you inhale too much helium ?
Did he rape you from the front or from the back ? ...|Really ... .. in that type of case , we often discover ... .. despite the girl 's claim ... .. it was consensual sex .
That 's all I need to hear .|And time .
And time .|This 'll sting a bit .
This 'll speed the healing . One in each buttock , one in each arm , one in each temple . Six shots , four times a day . For how long ? Forever . For ... Forever ? I can get you a bulk discount on the shots .|Your brother had some nasty food poisoning . His fever 's down from 105 , but it 's still quite high , so I 'd like to admit him for observation . I 'm fine . I 'm just normally hotter .
Your brother had some nasty food poisoning . His fever 's down from 105 , but it 's still quite high , so I 'd like to admit him for observation . I 'm fine . I 'm just normally hotter .|Will you tell her ? Uh , yeah , it 's true . Our family , we 're naturally warm .
I don 't wanna be a mom again . I wanna be a grandma . That 's where I am in life . Don 't worry , mom . You 're going to be a wonderful grandmother .|Oh , honey , I 'm sorry . I leaked all over you .
Will you tell her ? Uh , yeah , it 's true . Our family , we 're naturally warm .|Huh . That 's strange . See ? I don 't feel flush or nothin ' . So whatever it was , I must have threw it all up .
You get on me this time .|Don 't you love it ? ...
I don 't know why you let Eric go . I 'm not sure I wanna know , but|I 'm glad you did .
I said get on top of me|You 're pulling my neck . That hurts .
I love you . I love you too .|Toss me the superglue , will you ?
I can take a look at it ... My station is very close .|Jump in ...
It appears the reunion was , uh , a happy one ? Yes . Very much so . Eric , shush .|Thank you .
Day nanny , night nanny , I 'm exhausted already .|My husband didn 't want kids .
This way .|Please .
I hear you !|Pam ?
I 'm outta here .|Thanks for the milk .
Nasty boy .|Here .
Easy ... Easy . Eh ? .|What are you doing here ? . I just wonder why you 're here by yourself ... Eh ? ...
You may call me Antonia . Why should I call you anything ? Because we are alike . Because we have both suffered at the hands of vampires . They have raped us . Fed on us .|Am I right ?
I have a major announcement .|What is it , Victoria ? I auditioned for the lunchtime original movie Recess Confidential , and I lost the part to that little freak Suzy Lucci . Lucci !
I 'm sorry we must do this .|I used to have a whole box of silver earrings and necklaces . My mom gave ' em to me when I was 13 . She said she never wore ' em , but maybe one day I could .
You can drive your car , but ... ....|Let me out !
What happened to you ? . You look awful .|I 'm sorry for borrowing yopur stuff without telling you .
You stand down . I 'll finish this .|Okay .
Why don 't you change your clothes inside ? .|You 're under bad luck .
That 's why ...| that 's why I ... we ...
Okay .|That 's good enough .
Hey ... .... do you want to take my place ? .|What do you mean ? . Have a quickie with this gentleman .
That 's good enough .|Twice that on me .
I 'm sorry .|Fuck . I 've lost too many people in my life . I can 't lose you , too . I understand . Okay .
Answer me ...|Enough of your fabrications .
Enough of your fabrications .|We have a signed complaint from the doctor ...
We have a signed complaint from the doctor ...|You tried to run away without paying your bill . That 's not true . How awful !
You tried to run away without paying your bill . That 's not true . How awful !|Really ? .
Really ? .|Then give me the details on how the doctor raped you .
Did the doctor do this ? .|And then , did he do this ? .
Mm .| I 'm impressed .
Hello ? Hey , beautiful . It 's Sam . What 's goin ' on ?|Hold on a second .
You can come out now .|Um , hello ?
You again !|What 's wrong with you ? ...
Come in .|You 're atupid ... if I were you , I 'd have used this thing ...
Dr. Jordan ? Right . Computer glitch .|Bethany .
Bethany .|Bethany .
What 's it gonna feel like ?|Do you know ?
If you become like me , you 've reached the end too|You say your car is in front of the clinic ? ...
Are you saying you did this ? I 'm saying this conversation never happened .|You should get that .
The cops will have it staked out .|Where are you going ? . To work . You need money to get out of here .
Hey ...|Do you have a cigarette ? ...
Do you have a cigarette ? ...|Here
Do you know ?|We won 't be able to control our bodies . Whether our minds will be conscious , I do not know . Oh , my God .
I 'm sorry .|I 've caused you so much suffering in your human life , and now in this one . No . I don 't want you to ever be sorry . I 've lived more with you than I ever would have with my human parents .
He loves me . Bill , he loves me so much , it hurts to even think about it .|But I don 't love him the same .
You are under arrest for prostitution ...|You 've been a difficult case , but now you 'll go to jail ...
No business at all last night .|Sorry to be a bother . No other choice . You 've got to get your car .
I am . It 's not your fault . I know exactly who to blame .|You will pay !
And I 've accomplished so little good .|If we survive ... When we survive the day , I will put a stop to it . But you have done good .
You made me .|And when we survive the day , I am going to eat that fuckin ' witch , starting ' with her face .
Script Chiho KATSURA and Yasuharu HASEBE Camera Yonezo MAEDA music Jano MORALES asst director Kichitaro NEGlSHl starring|Natsuko YASHlRo Ryoko AOYAMA
Was it a doctor ?|Was it Dr. Cole ?
Kenji Imai Akira HANAKAMl Naomi OKA|Kenji SHlMAMUWA Koji YASHlRO
And when we survive the day , I am going to eat that fuckin ' witch , starting ' with her face .|What time is it ? It must be past noon by now .
That was going in . We 're in the middle of a game ! If you two are playing Horse , then one of you needs to thank me .|Thank you . Pussies . Out .
What time is it ? It must be past noon by now .|The spell hasn 't come .
So who knows ?|I may meet the sun anyway .
And I wish that you , uh , didn 't keep the fact that I was your father a secret . It 's not a secret . I just don 't broadcast it .|People treat me differently once they find out you 're my dad .
No one 's around .|I don 't see fifty ladies who would be interested in cosmetics .
People treat me differently once they find out you 're my dad .|Are you worried that they 're judging you for being a paralegal ?
I 'm telling you the truth .|Only stray dogs around .
If you can overlook the things I 've done , and forgive me for them , I don 't want to remember .|I 'm perfectly happy as I am with you .
Yes , sir .|I won 't go back until I sell my entire stock . Yes , thank you for calling !
I know .|Right there .
You can 't even pretend to believe I have what it takes to be a lawyer .|Rachel , you are a beautiful woman . And you can do whatever you want . Beautiful . Not smart . Honey , I am trying to give you a heads up . And you 're taking the whole thing as an indictment .
But I 'm still not letting you out of the silver .|If we hadn 't just laid off all our security people , I 'd have you thrown out . Whoa . I 'm not here to start a fight . Why are you pickin ' one with me ? Uh , is this that , uh , that intimacy problem you were talking about ? You know what my problem is ? I am a terrible judge of character . I let people into my life too easily , and then I pay for it . Thank you for reminding me . I thought we had a great time together .
Do you believe I have what it takes to be a lawyer ?|It 's been five years .
If we hadn 't just laid off all our security people , I 'd have you thrown out . Whoa . I 'm not here to start a fight . Why are you pickin ' one with me ? Uh , is this that , uh , that intimacy problem you were talking about ? You know what my problem is ? I am a terrible judge of character . I let people into my life too easily , and then I pay for it . Thank you for reminding me . I thought we had a great time together .|Have you been drinking ? Hard drugs ? No . Why would you even ... Do you remember the last 24 hours at all ?
Have you been drinking ? Hard drugs ? No . Why would you even ... Do you remember the last 24 hours at all ?|Do you remember sleeping with me ? I 'm pretty sure I wouldn 't forget that .
Hi .|Excuse me , but I think you might be in the wrong office . Oh , I 'm in the right office .
Luna , that time you skinwalked and got incredibly sick , tell me again what happened . I ran a super high fever . Fever . And I threw up , like , everything . Yeah . And I started vomiting blood . Was your brother vomiting blood ? Yeah , he was . Oh , my God . Oh , God .|Jesus Christ . Now I feel sick .
Thanks . Just bought the tie . Oh . These are for you . Oh , you didn 't have to . They were on sale .|Should we grab a booth ?
How will you make up for this !|Um ...
So , uh , where 'd you end up stayin ' the night ? The La Crescenta Motel out on Jefferson Highway . Just till I find a rental . Aw , that 's nice . Oh , no . It 's a dump . Right . Course it is . I stayed there when I ...|I 've stayed there .
Ooh , that place .|I 'm sorry .
Hey ...|This might be your lucky day . Take a look at this .
Peekaboo .|What the ... Get outta my kitchen .
I mean before . With the ... Okay . Look , I 'm offering to help you kick his ass . Are you going to make room for me or not ?|Before I answer that question ...
The cost price is 200 yen though .|Do you enjoy your job ?
Wow . Look out , Robert Zane .|See the money , wanna stay for your meal Get another piece of pie for your wife Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it 's like I 'll even eat a bean pie I don 't mind Me and missy is so early Busy , busy making money
Don 't you think this motel has a strange name ?|What about it ?
Why you even gotta try ?|I guess ...
It 's surrounded by mountains but it 's named " Seaside Motel . " No sea to be found nearby .|It 's like me .
First of all , Robert , I 'm sorry to hear about Derek Portis .|Oh . I appreciate your condolences , Harvey , but the fact is , Derek was a dick .
My offer stands . It was nice to meet you , sir .|What ? Sir ? Mr. Zane ? Why don 't you just call him " Dad " and get it over with ?
Hey ...|Do you want to run away with me ?
Walnuts ? Please . Pistachios .|The nut of royalty .
Big Bertha from the DA 's office ? You 're remembered fondly there . Aw . Yeah . I 'm remembered fondly everywhere .|Okay , you 've got one minute .
This group had a traitor once . She betrayed our names to the vampires . She has paid for it .|We are no longer hidden . If we do nothing and wait , we shall be tortured , raped , murdered , eaten . But understand this : Vampires are not immortal .
For real ?|You don 't want to ?
We are no longer hidden . If we do nothing and wait , we shall be tortured , raped , murdered , eaten . But understand this : Vampires are not immortal .|They 're only harder to kill .
I thought we were already settling Folsom Foods . I proposed a slightly different number . Which Harvey already said no to . Uh , you know me . I don 't go for that gender discrimination stuff . But Harvey negotiates like a girl .  No , he doesn 't . But he does style his hair like one .  I know . What the hell is that little thing in there ? I don 't know . What 's your number ? Two million .|That 's an eight million dollar hit . It 's eight million to your client . And you need a win . Do I ?
Huh ?|If you want to continue , call me anytime .
That sure would look good . If I lower my price .|A win is a win , doesn 't matter how ugly .
But it will stop around midnight .|Why don 't we move to another hotel ?
Why don 't we move to another hotel ?|This motel is cheap , so it 's fine . But it 's been three nights . Why is it named " Seaside Motel " although we 're in the mountains ? And why is the water not running ? Tell me why ?
I will .|Amen . Me , too . I 'm in .
Ok ...|It would be cute to have a kitty tattoo here . Don 't need to be cute .
Looks delicious . What is that ? It 's a spinach and kale power smoothie . I 'm in the middle of my quarterly cleanse .|What do you want ?
To apologize for any misunderstanding we might have had . That you might have had .|I had .
If I win , you take me to the Cat Parade .|Cat Parade or Doraemon Parade whichever you like , I 'll take you .
I looked up your record .|You 're a white collar genius .
Sam . Sam , please . Please remember how sorry I am . I wish I could forget every fuckin ' thing about you .|You fucking idiot .
Hello ?|Sookie ? Hey . I 'm a little busy . What 's up ? I was gonna come and tell you the good news that I didn 't turn into a werepanther after all . Yeah , actually , I asked . It doesn 't work like that , but it must be a relief . Uh , it is . But what the hell 's with the blood ? It 's kinda complicated . Eric 's under silver , and I got a little bit of him on me . What ?
I can hear the light year engine coming near . It 's a promise , take me to the Cat Parade . Doraemon Parade will not do !|Thirty seconds remaining !
I can .|And I will .
Oh , the sun !|The sun ! Oh , the sun !
You 've forgiven me with grace , and now , you 're saving me in my hour of need .|You 're my knight in shining armor . Ah . 
Five seconds left .|3 ... 2 ... 1
Beulah , I 've been meaning to talk to you about that hay .|I knew it .
The sun !|Jessica !
Keep the change , just don 't tell anyone about this .|If you do , I 'll find you , and kill you and your mama !
You know why Donna isn 't ?|Because you know we 're friends . And you 're about to ask me to do something that she would tell me not to do . And what exactly do I want to ask you ? You want to know if I want to be in on the deposition . You did ask on the case . Yes , I did .
Big bro , there 's no beach or bikini babes anywhere ! That 's obvious , shithead . Ouch !|I 'm Aida of Smiley Face Finance .
And before you ask me if I 'm tough enough to be in there , I want you to know that I am tough enough .|That 's not what I wanted to ask .
Jessica ! As your maker , I command you !|Unchain me !
Unchain me !|Please !
Big bro . Huh ? They ordered extra pineapple topping ! Is this your taste ?|He 's asking you . Is this your taste ?
Harvey , what did you do ?|My job .
Hands behind your head .|Pietro , what 's going on ?
Pore by pore .|Pore by pore .
And here 's your question . After all these interviews for all these jobs , why didn 't you just pursue one of them and switch careers ?|It would require a step backward . Isn 't it true it didn 't require a step backward ?
So much for Lady Emanuelle ! Your Emmanuel Lewis is asleep ! Be nice , Misaki . Shut up ! You make your wife dress up and you 're not responding !|Maybe I 'm tired . What 's with this place anyway !
You told me it was a motel by the sea . This is the middle of the mountains ! This is just my guess Maybe the sea dried up because of the drought , this summer .|Yeah , go on . There were big earthquakes . The seaside elevated , and the mountains appeared ! Natural disasters have frightening powers ! That 's not funny , at all . A shabby motel like this gets us more in the mood . Yeah , but your Emmanuel boy is still asleep .
We 've been dating for nearly a month now .|I think it 's time for us to develop our relationship , right ? And to go out , to meet your friends .
Don 't be so mad .|You 're life is full of satisfaction , as a wife of a successful store owner ! What ? Full of satisfaction ? Yes ! I 'm so not full of satisfaction ! In the present tense , " Now on unsatisfaction ! "
Good .|I have a few more questions . No . This deposition is over .
You should go play Pachinko !|Why all of the sudden ? No , no don 't get me wrong . On the way here , we saw a big Pachinko store billboard . You love Pachinko . But you said , " You go to Pachinko too much . "
But there must be a mistake because ...|No , I 'm his brother .
You can count to 500 . The only thing I 'm sorry for is getting stuck with you .|You lied to me . And you know it .
You lied to me . And you know it .|Oh , yeah ?
Who you going to tell ?|Here it comes . Speech number 162 . 14 reasons why I 'm an asshole . No , no . This is going to 216 . That 's uncharted territory . And you 're still not going to like it . Well , if it 's coming from you , that goes without saying . Look , I 'm just saying you went out of your way to put Rachel in that deposition . You promised uncharted territory . We 've been here before . No , usually , you 're accusing me of making things personal . But this time , you 're making things personal for Robert Zane . No , he made it personal . And how exactly did he do that ? He threatened our firm . And on top of that , he tried to show Sloane Moseley what she 'd be in for if this goes to trial . So , I 'm just returning the favor . Yeah , well , it didn 't seem to have much of an effect on him . Trust me , it will . Did you think about the effect it will have on Sloane Moseley ? Not to mention his daughter ? Here we are . Right back to good old 162 . Did you misunderstand me when I said to cut Robert Zane off at the knees ? You , too ? Oh , don 't tell me you think I went too far . I don 't think you went far enough . What ? Your client just called . She wants to take Zane 's bullshit settlement .
At his place .|Together .
Forgive me Misaki .|For the past ten years , I 've only loved you .
Nice job tracking me down . You think you 're the only one who knows where Judge Benjamin plays ? No . But I 'm the only one here he plays with .|Now , did you come here to caddy for me ?
But to love only one woman is like fighting a war !|Sometimes a soldier needs rest .
Having this attitude won 't help you . I assure you .|However , since you 're the only direct relatives , you 'll keep the child . We asked his school to hold him until your arrival .
Oh !|Jesus !
The offer on the table was two million .|It just went down to one . Robert . Now , it 's 500,000 . You 're pretty good at this . Remind me to have you buy my next car for me . Now , it 's 100,000 .
Let 's try this .|And this ?
And this ?|Acid .
No one wins if we go to war .|You don 't have children , do you ?
Don 't you have to catch that car ? It 's a guy driving , right ? I 'm not interested in guys .|Oh no , shit , shit shit !
You don 't have children , do you ?|You came to my house and threatened my firm .
Your house ?|You put my little girl in that deposition so she could see me shred that woman . Which I did , because that 's my job . And I was trying to protect that woman . That was my job . Well , your client is scared shitless .
It was Matteo . I tried to cover for you , but you 're all grown up now , you have to take your responsibilities .|You , Matteo .
No , no , Room 203 .|No , I said Room 203 .
The night has just begun , here at the RDS party .|Go wild with our hits . Go !
Go wild with our hits . Go !|A disco is basically like a savannah ; you have to catch the prey 's eye .
We ?|Yes , we . I work here , too .
A disco is basically like a savannah ; you have to catch the prey 's eye .|Uncle , she 's looking at you .
Get ... No , no , no . This isn 't ... This isn 't about me and my father . This is about the client . No , I meant why Donna likes you so much .|Oh . Thank you . I ... I like her , too . Uh , but ... You know what ? I was going to give in and drop this case . But now that you accosted me during my me time , I 'm going to change my mind and do what you say .
So , take notes , Matteo . Second rule : memory is essential .|Listen , Uncle , for today I 've had enough of picking up chicks .
Sleepy too .|Yeah , sleepy .
You were going to continue with it , anyway . Yes . Right . Would you like to eat my bagel now , too ?|Oh . Thank you . I ...
Thank you .|Hi .
What are you doing here ? I just came by to tell you that you were right . This is your case , not mine . I am no longer first chair .|Fine , we 're best friends . Now , please leave .
Fine , we 're best friends . Now , please leave .|Okay . I came to give you your files back .
I 'm going to check her out . I thought you were sleepy ? In this hotness , they can 't be having fun like that . I 'm going to question them and ruin the trip . Why so active all of the sudden ?|" A car accident on route 602 . " " Go to the site immediately . " It 's very nearby . Oh no ! Such bad timing !
But per your request , I 'm going to keep it the hell away from you .|Is this some sort ofjoke ?
Is this some sort ofjoke ?|No . Your Honor . MclNTYRE : Bring that folder up here right now . And if they 're not legitimate court documents , you are in for one hell of a fine . Uh ...
That 's awful !|Hello there .
Hello there .|I got off at the bus stop . But is this really the right place ?
Reviews of every executive promoted at Folsom Foods for the past five years .|You were right .
Of course ! He 'll try to get me into bed afterwards . Good thing . I could have accepted to sleep with him tonight .|No , don 't tell me you already want to go to bed !
Good morning . Good morning .|How about some coffee ?
Oh , she 's a hot chick !|That must be her !
Misaki 's got problems .|She suddenly becomes very jealous .
She suddenly becomes very jealous .|Well , it 's proof that she really loves me .
Well , it 's proof that she really loves me .|Misaki has been having a hard time .
I 'll fix you some .|I 'll fix it .
These days , my Emmanuel boy is not so awake .|She 's just a wife of a discount supermarket .
If I do it with another woman ...|My Emanuel boy should revive again .
He 's never going to see a different side of you if you don 't show him a different side of you .|He knew I was sitting right there .
He knew I was sitting right there .|You chose to be sitting right there .
You chose to be sitting right there .|DONNA : Louis ? Hi , Donna . What can I do for you ? Not for me .
DONNA : Louis ? Hi , Donna . What can I do for you ? Not for me .|For Katrina .
For Katrina .|Which one 's Katrina again ? Okay . You know what ? You 've had your fun . Time to let it go . Yeah , I 'm afraid I 'm not going to let anything go until that woman kneels before Zod .
Well , one obviously says that in those moments . Okay , it was acceptable .|Ah !
Come on , let 's go , let 's go ! No , I don 't want to .|It can 't be ...
The evidence is overwhelming . The social workers are on the way , Matteo risks being put in child care . During the meeting we have to look perfect .|Are they already here ? How would I know ? Don 't ask me , go and see .
Do you know why I love that picture ?|Because I 'm still your little girl .
Because I 'm still your little girl .|Because you were happy .
He works for me . Your wife was in Mr. Murakami 's car .|Mr. Murakami is hurt badly , but he will recover .
Murakami with my wife ...|Why was Misaki in his car ?
That was pretty tragic .|While the wife was having an affair , she dies of a car accident , how unbearable .
10 million yen with poker . 20 million yen with baccarat .|You thought you could get away without paying your debt ! Huh ? No , no , you got it wrong ! I was gonna hit it big next time . And pay back double the amount .
Yes , yes , yes .|Mr. Pepe .
Mr. Pepe .|Yes , yes , yes ...
I 'm not kneeling before anybody . Let alone the person who framed me and put me in this jail cell . You humiliated me with Judge Mclntyre . Oh , please . You did the same thing . Missing an appearance is different from looking like a buffoon in open court . I gave you a way out , so don 't come crying to me .|Rapist . Murderer . These are the kinds of people I 'm used to dealing with .
You have to turn right to get here .|Yes , I got it . Yes , it 's alright . Yes , yes , see you soon .
No , this year I can 't . I know the models will be there , but I can 't come .|You mean the models won 't come if I don 't come ?
Sorry , big bro .|What ?
Turns out Judge Mclntyre already received it .|From me .
Get in the car , come on ...|" No Oscar , no party " ...
The client needed it and you wrote it . For me to put my signature on it would just be wrong . Well , it worked .|Are you ready to call a truce ?
You going to frame me for murder if I say no ?|Not as long as you keep these in your own office .
Rumor has it , his torture style is unique .|He takes many hours .
He takes many hours .|He slices the meat of fingers , until the bone starts to show .
I have another option . Which is what ? I told you . Not all women are the same .|You 've got to be kidding me . Not all women are the same . What the hell does that mean ? He wants to merge . What ? Pearson Zane . No . No way . I 'm not doing that . Oh , excuse me ? We didn 't fight off Hardman to end up here . Well , you went after the man 's daughter . Which is what put us here . You told me to cut him off at the knees . If you 're going to go that low to put someone down , then you better make damn sure that they don 't get back up .
And you know how hot Remo can be .|Remo ?
Please tell me , tell me , tell me ! Shut up . I 'm seeing him for the first time today . So will you shut up . Here you go ...|Please wait a minute , really . I will pay you back for sure .
Please wait a minute , really . I will pay you back for sure .|Oh yes , Rui ...
Oh yes , Rui ...|Sell .. off .. Rui .. sell .. off ... Rui
Skip it .|I 'm guessing by your tone that our merger is off the table ? It was never on the table . What 's this ? Press release .
Mo ... mo .. motels are places for couples to come , right ?|The possibility of five men passing is almost zero ! Right ?
Hey ...|I can do my brother 's voice perfectly .
You 're not going to be able to have my daughter in every deposition . This is 45 cases . And it will cost you 45 times the amount that you could settle for right here .|Yeah , I know you .
If you do anything fishy ...|I know , know , know . It 's a way to kill time until Pepe arrives .
Matteo ! Uncle Remo , why the funny voice ? I wanted to say hello . Do you need to call me ? You were just here . I already missed you . You sound crazy , Uncle . Bye .|Squeeze and pull . Squeeze and pull . Squeeze and pull .
You know what I mean ?|Alright , alright !
Indeed .|Oh well , I 'll wear one of your shirts . Right .
Holds time sales !|Someone 's coming .
Who the hell did this ?|All right , Norma ? If you 're going to keep letting people into this office like this , then what the hell good are you ?
Oh , yeah , wait . And by the way , remind me to buy socks for next week .|I 'm running low .
Two men so far . I saw it , no big deal .|The cops aren 't here to stay . They 'll come back this way .
You tell me right now this was not Katrina Bennett . Because this is not a truce . Oh , please . Katrina had nothing to do with this . Then , this was you ? No .|Harvey ?
Yeah , one more to go .|You look happy .
" Carpe Diem . " " Seize the day . "|Ah ...
Nope .|Does this mean that you and I are good ? No .
Nice . Indeed .|Here you go . Well done , Matteo . Good night .
Not yet .|Bye , Louis .
Marisa ?|Marisa .
What ? No man wears red lipstick . Any way you look at it , it 's a woman .|Come on , that 's not true . It 's a pervert who likes to wear a dress . So obvious . The cops came here to arrest him . No , you lose .
Hey .|Hey .
Too bad for you .|Wait a second .
Those aren 't words a man should ever hear from ...|From his daughter .
Rui , let 's get out of here . We can go to the Cat Parade Stop talking crap , shithead .|Go and parade by yourself !
Go and parade by yourself !|What ?
No , no ...|" Gianny " ... Maybe it should be spelled with a double " g " .
Tomorrow ?|Tomorrow .
Tomorrow .|But we 'll have to pick a new place .
I 'm the healthy type . So make it extra organic . Ok . Excuse me . One organic cola make it extra organic .|We are at Seaside Motel Room 102 . Seaside Motel ? ! No way !
You did ? Yep . And ? Tasted like ass .|Come on . 
Looks like you guys made up .|It 's a start .
Marine wants to be true to her feelings .|I see .
Every single day .|RACHEL : There are laws to protect you from sexual harassment , you know . What are you doing here ? Delivering champagne . I see you can afford it since the money you 've been stealing from our clients hasn 't been going to your wife 's cancer treatments . Hey , Monica , how 's it going ? What the hell are you doing ?
Three . Making a total of four . In a department of nine . Is there a question ? Yes . What is the ratio of men to women Senior Partners at Pearson Hardman ?|Well , she has no knowledge of that . Then , I direct the question to you . And I have the answer , but it 's not relevant to this case . What do you mean ? Jessica Pearson 's hiring and firing practices are directly relevant to the case . If the next question isn 't regarding Folsom Foods , this deposition 's over .
 Ah .|So sorry . As you know , I just took over 45 different cases . I get confused . I thought we were deposing Pearson Hardman today . What the hell are you talking about ?
So sorry . As you know , I just took over 45 different cases . I get confused . I thought we were deposing Pearson Hardman today . What the hell are you talking about ?|Oh , my God . Did ... Did I forget to give you the subpoena ?
Pearson Hardman is being sued for wrongful termination in the amount of ten million dollars . You have been served . Wrongful termination . You 're lucky you 're not in jail . It 's not on his behalf . It 's on Monica Eton 's .|I actually got the idea from you . Excuse me ? What this firm did to that woman was unconscionable .
How about putting on some music ? Yes . Music , music ...|Shame on you , Randelli !
But sometimes a fake product|Can turn into something genuine .
Can turn into something genuine .|In my line of business
" Don 't ever go back to the same place . " That is the golden rule .|Run into a former customer and if they file a complaint I 'd be in deep shit . Hey , young man .
The mistletoe ...|Kissing under the mistletoe is not gay , right ?
I thought it was the Kuragen Z guy ! That cream ...|It is so wonderful !
Actually , I 've never liked parties .|And what would you like to do ? I don 't know . What about you ?
The stars ... One , two , three ... Statue !|One , two , three ... Statue !
And you know why ? Because deep in her heart , she doesn 't trust you . She trusted me to kick your ass . Twice .|Maybe .
I was ecstatic .|I found an excuse .
Me and missy is so early Busy , busy making money All right ! All step back I 'm ' bout to dance|The greenback boogie
An excuse ?|You tore my pride to pieces .
You tore my pride to pieces .|I couldn 't call you without an excuse .
Here I am !|Santa is here !
Our backs are against the wall and we 're going to drain our resources on a case that we can 't win just because you boxed us in ? It was a take it or leave it offer .|I had one minute . I wanted to be done with the man , so I took it . You told me never to make rash decisions , and then you do this . I told you , I didn 't have a choice . Did you have a choice when you decided to keep it from me ?
Santa is here !|Matteo !
But I was willing to throw away everything .|And run away with you to that island .
Someone who totally accepts you , as you really are .|Don 't you think ?
I didn 't pay money for your body .|I bought your love ! Your love !
Sorry , I almost ate it all .|You 're tickling me .
 Hey . Uh , do you have a minute ? That 's about all I have . I 'm under pressure . I 've got to get this done . Yeah , I know . We 're all swamped with this Folsom Foods thing . But , uh , I need your help with a case that 's a little more personal .|I am swamped with Folsom Foods , but I came in early to carve out an hour to work on something personal of my own .
Can turn into something genuine ?|Of course !
Hmm . What is it ?|Harvard application .
Harvard application .|Rachel , that 's great . It 's great if I get in . And I 'm not going to get in if I don 't get this done . And I 'm not going to get it done if people keep bothering me . Do people keep bothering you ? No .
Always genuine .|I 'm so happy !
Okay . So , this is going well , then .|Less than one out of every 12 people who applies gets in . What if I 'm not one of those people ? I don 't know . Maybe you 'll get in somewhere else .
Get in , we 'll take you there .|There 's a house . Let 's ask if they know anything about him . Wait , wait .
 You want to work at Pearson Hardman .|And if I don 't go there , then I can 't work here .
The answer would be " No . "|I thought so .
I thought so .|But it 's true .
Marisa .|Yes ? Thank goodness ...
Tomorrow there will be a Christmas lunch for the homeless . Giving some comfort and happiness to those poor people is the least we can do .|How much grass did your goats eat ?
What 's up with her .|Are those real tears ?
Are those real tears ?|A woman who sells fake love wanting genuine love .
Hardman . I want you to convince Harvey to let me on the Monica Eton case . I 'm sorry , Louis . I can 't do that . Donna , come on . He made me look like a fool . He did the same thing to me . Well , I need revenge .  So do I.|See ? Then , why won 't you ask Harvey for me ? Because Harvey needs to handle this himself .
See ? Then , why won 't you ask Harvey for me ? Because Harvey needs to handle this himself .|So , this has nothing to do with any residual issues you 've had with me and my past behavior ?
But I want to believe her .|I 'm so happy to see you again .
Ah , you mean the helmet ? It was too small for him . Come on , officer , let us go . Please . Turn a blind eye . It 's Christmas for us , too .|A few months later
The ideal sales person .|I learn so much from her .
A few months later|Thanks .
ONE , TWO , THREE , KNOCK ON THE WALL !|ONE , TWO , THREE , KNOCK ON THE WALL !
Articles of incorporation , office , land line , company car , all in Jersey . He 's constructed it so we 'd be tempted to fight him , waste our time and resources , then lose . Okay , fine . Then , what we need to do next is dig into Monica Eton . Hold on . You 're on Folsom Foods . Not Monica Eton . Harvey , they 're using the exact lawsuit I wrote , word for word . I know how to fight it .|Did he tell you that ? No , he didn 't need to . I read it . I mean , he didn 't just get the idea from me . He got the whole execution from me . He 's doing that because he 's trying to get in your head .
ONE , TWO , THREE , KNOCK ON THE WALL !|ONE , TWO , THREE , KNOCK ON THE WALL !
ONE , TWO , THREE , KNOCK ON THE WALL !|ONE , TWO , THREE , KNOCK ON THE ...
No , no , it 's ...|That was close ... You were going to fool me again ! I was so close !
Why is it the defensive line is always packed with a bunch of big , strong black guys , and the offensive line 's packed with big , fat white guys ? Well , I don 't know . But looking at you , you 've got a foot in both camps .|I guess you 're not here to ask a favor . No . I 'm here to do you a favor .
MOMMY !|MOMMY ! I 'LL GO , IT 'S MY TURN .
AREN 'T YOU A BIT OLD FOR THIS ? WEREN 'T YOU SCARED HERE , WHEN YOU WERE LITTLE ? NO , DARLING . YOU COULDN 'T BE AFRAID . THERE WAS A GANG OF US ... AND THE LIGHTHOUSE WAS ON ALL NIGHT . LIGHTHOUSE ? IT 'S STILL THERE ... BUT IT DOESN 'T WORK ANYMORE . I 'LL SHOW YOU TOMORROW WHEN WE GO TO THE BEACH . WHY DOESN 'T IT WORK ?|CAN YOU KEEP A SECRET ?
Really ?|I wanted to make it a surprise .
I am precluded from speaking on that topic . Then , I 'm afraid you 're precluded from convincing me to take him off this case . Robert . What 's it going to cost you to violate the agreement ? Give me a number .|Hmm ? I 'll assume it 's in the millions .
Hmm ? I 'll assume it 's in the millions .|Fifteen .
OVER THERE . DON 'T MOVE .|CAN YOU SEE IT ?
WHAT ? DID YOU SEE IT ? THOSE KIDS THAT ARE COMING ... WHY CAN 'T THEY STAY AT HOME ? DARLING , BECAUSE THEY 'RE SPECIAL CHILDREN ... AND THEY NEED A LOT OF SPECIAL CARE . THEY CAN 'T COME AND GO , BECAUSE THEY 'RE TOO FAR AWAY . DO YOU UNDERSTAND ?|CAN I SLEEP WITH YOU TONIGHT ?
Give it to me . The name partner in question was the one she had an affair with while he was embezzling money from the firm .|So , bring it up . Make your case . We can 't .
So , bring it up . Make your case . We can 't .|He got you to sign a confidentiality agreement .
Tomorrow at the luxury suite . Can 't wait that long , I 'm leaving ! Hey , don 't leave me here ! Shut up ! Fine ! Then let 's do it here !|I 'm not a good sales person am I ? Yeah , you get a big fat " F " .
Yes . But the spirit of the agreement was to shield him .|If we had a sealed hearing , how would you rule on tossing the confidentiality ? I 'm afraid you 'd lose . Why ? If he were the plaintiff , it would be one thing . But he 's the attorney . I can 't punish the woman for her choice of attorney . What if he doesn 't make that argument ?
WHY ? CAN 'T YOU PLAY ?|DO YOU WANT TO COME TO MY HOUSE TO PLAY LATER ?
He came to see you too .|Two weeks ago .
Two weeks ago .|Sorry , Harvey .
I RECEIVED HIS FILE YESTERDAY ... AND THOUGHT , " I SHOULD VISIT THEM " IN CASE THEY NEED ANYTHING . "|WILL YOU MAKE MANY CHANGES IN THE HOUSE ? SORRY , BUT I DON 'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU 'RE HERE .
You 're nothing if not an asshole .|Is that why you 're sitting out here ? To call me that ? No . I just wanted to personally escort you to the conference room .
WHAT IS IT ?|PLANNING TO BASH THE OLD LADY 'S HEAD IN ?
Mmm . Lucky me .|We 'll see about that .
My old office . Harvey wasn 't kidding . My idea . It took a while to feng shui the evil out .|Look , Donna , I understand ...
Hey ...|Are you listening to ...
And if you had , the only thing that would have happened to you is you would have been scolded . And Harvey 's career would have been over .|So , it really is like that between the two of you .
She 's asleep ...|Do not drop me on the floor ! I am the neat freak type .
So , it really is like that between the two of you .|You can go now .
You can go now .|Jessica 's deposition is in the other conference room .
Rise and shine my sleepy head !|The sight I have dreamed of is right in front of me ! Get up ! Get on up ! Hey ! Come on , come on ! Let 's go go ! Yeah !
Please state your full name for the record . Jessica Lourdes Pearson .|Monica Eton 's reviews from ' 03 to ' 07 . All excellent . Agreed ?
He 's not dead , is he ?|No worries . I shredded only one finger . He 's just unconscious .
Monica Eton 's reviews from ' 03 to ' 07 . All excellent . Agreed ?|Yes . Then , why was she let go ?
That was determined by a variety of factors .|Was one of the factors that she was having an affair with a partner ?
Child whispers : YOU DON 'T LOVE ME ! IT 'S A LIE ! IT 'S A LIE !|IT 'S A LIE ! IT 'S A LIE !
I told you this would happen .|He 's baiting you into breaching confidentiality . And I 'm ready to bite down and drag him in with me . Don 't . We can 't afford it .
NO ONE IS FORCING YOU .|WELCOME
Doctor : CARLOS IS HERE . HE SPOKE TO THE POLICE ... AND NOW HE WANTS TO TALK TO YOU IF YOU FEEL BETTER .|HOW ARE YOU ?
HOW ARE YOU ?|HE 'S NOT IN THE CAVE . BUT I SAW SOMEONE , CARLOS . YOU MUST HAVE IMAGINED IT IN ALL THE CONFUSION . BELIEVE ME , HE WASN 'T THERE .
You 've wet your pants already . You still need to go ?|I need to take a shit .
Can I dump it here ?|Let him go .
Move on . You said my client 's dismissal was due to a variety of factors . And then you said it wasn 't the affair and it wasn 't job performance . So I ask you , what was it ?|Was it a personal dislike ?
I 'm not gonna do anything now .|Front desk ?
So that as soon as they have anything else in their lives , in other words , sex , she cuts them loose .|This is bullshit .
I am not capitulating to that man . Then you 're going to look like a fool . That 's enough . You 're not calling the shots . I am . And whether you think my call is wrong or not , it is still my name on that goddamn wall .|You ... 
Underpants ! Underpants !|Why did you save that scumbag ?
Why did you save that scumbag ?|They 're friends from childhood .
I THINK THAT WAS HER WAY OF TELLING ME ...|" I 'M FINE , I 'M SAFE .
YOU DON 'T UNDERSTAND .|MY SON IS NOT DEAD . HIS FRIENDS TOOK HIM . I SAW ONE OF THEM THE SAME DAY HE VANISHED .
Yeah . Well , if I don 't fix this , there might not be a Pearson Hardman .|You can 't talk to me . Actually , I can . I don 't have any equity in the firm , and I 'm not working on this case . You 're an interested party and you drafted the original complaint . Any judge in the world sides with me . Listen , Monica . Monica . I 'm not trying to set you off . I 'm trying to take responsibility here . For what ? For doing exactly what you just said I did . For drafting the original complaint and starting this whole thing off .
You can 't talk to me . Actually , I can . I don 't have any equity in the firm , and I 'm not working on this case . You 're an interested party and you drafted the original complaint . Any judge in the world sides with me . Listen , Monica . Monica . I 'm not trying to set you off . I 'm trying to take responsibility here . For what ? For doing exactly what you just said I did . For drafting the original complaint and starting this whole thing off .|I 'm sorry . No , no . The only thing you 're sorry about is your little maneuver backfired . Yeah , but it didn 't backfire on me . It backfired on Jessica . That 's too bad . That 's exactly what I 'm happy about .
Daniel Hardman didn 't show up in my office to fire me without cause , notice , or a letter of recommendation . She had cause . Did she ?|When I told her I knew nothing about Daniel 's embezzlement , do you know what she said ? " I don 't care . "
IT 'S HER . THE WOMAN WHO CAME TO THE HOUSE .|BENIGNA ?
I 'm fine . Good . Um , you know , I wanted to tell you ... I can 't really talk right now , Louis . Right , because you 've got the deposition ?|I 'm meeting Daniel .
You , too .|I 'm a little busy at the moment . Monica Eton . I know . Look , Harvey didn 't want my help . But I thought that maybe you would . Harvey is right . I need you on top of Folsom Foods . This is about Folsom Foods .
That 's an ambulance , though .|What ?
Your husband has lost his job . Your child 's tuition has hiked up ! The household is in deep red . In difficult times Discount Store Ota is your friend !|At 10 , 13 , 15 , 18 , 19 , 20 O 'clock we hold time sales ! It 's loud isn 't it ?
At 10 , 13 , 15 , 18 , 19 , 20 O 'clock we hold time sales ! It 's loud isn 't it ?|Oh , sorry .
STRANGE THINGS ARE HAPPENING . THINGS LINKED TO HIS DISAPPEARANCE .|I DON 'T KNOW WHO TO TURN TO . IT 'S NOT THAT SIMPLE . YOU WON 'T FIND AN EXORCIST IN THE YELLOW PAGES .
I DON 'T KNOW WHO TO TURN TO . IT 'S NOT THAT SIMPLE . YOU WON 'T FIND AN EXORCIST IN THE YELLOW PAGES .|I TORE IT FROM MY SON 'S KIDNAPPER 'S CLOTHES .
But since you don 't want to answer the question , let me ask you another question . If you didn 't have an affair , then what reason could there possibly be for you to be fired ?|Because I was being harassed , and I made it clear I didn 't like it . Harassed by who ? Don 't answer that . Oh , no . My client is going to answer the question that your associate asked . And we 're going to get some things on the record right here . No , we 're done . I was being harassed by Louis Litt .
Because I was being harassed , and I made it clear I didn 't like it . Harassed by who ? Don 't answer that . Oh , no . My client is going to answer the question that your associate asked . And we 're going to get some things on the record right here . No , we 're done . I was being harassed by Louis Litt .|What ?
A fantasy of a foolish man who fell in love with a call girl .|How many girls have you done it with ?
Anything else ? Yes .|He was partner , and I had to say no to him .
I 'm just joking .|I 'll stop making myself look big .
I 'll stop making myself look big .|I 'm well into the four digit zone .
Will people corroborate your account ? It was common knowledge within the firm .|Any number of people knew , including him .
So ... what ...|Women look to the future . But men worry about the past .
Pilar : WHAT DOES SHE NEED THAT DOLL FOR ? AURORA NEEDS AN OBJECT TO FACILITATE HER TRANCE . CLOTHING AND OBJECTS GET HER INTO IT ... AND BEGIN THE REGRESSION . Pilar : REGRESSION ? Man : A PSYCHIC SUMMONING . PAST , PRESENT AND FUTURE ARE SUPERIMPOSED , AND CROSS . LIKE A SORT OF TIME TRAVEL .|Man : IT MAY SOUND LIKE WITCHCRAFT ... BUT YOU MUSTN 'T FEAR PARALLEL PERCEPTION . IF THERE 'S ANYTHING , AURORA WILL SEE IT . IF THERE 'S ANYTHING , I HOPE WE 'LL ALL SEE IT .
But you can 't buy your fantasy with that price .|So , are we doing it or not ? I said , we 're not doing it !
DANIEL : Thank you , Monica .|Gentlemen ?
Hey start moving , take the body|To his car . Come on , hurry up ! Yes !
So , you want to settle with Monica and get out of your jam . I want a number , and it better be less than three . This isn 't about numbers . It 's about responsibility .|Monica wants to see a jury find Jessica guilty . Bullshit . You want to see a jury find Jessica guilty . Nope . I assure you , it is Monica .
SIX ...|FIVE ...
But lately , I 've been thinking . It 's time to call it quits .|Business is tough , for a woman nearing thirty . You 're the only customer today .
AURORA ... I WANT YOU TO LOOK AROUND YOU . IS THERE ANYONE WITH YOU IN THE ROOM ?|I CAN HEAR SOMEONE .
I know .|What do you want to do with all you 've saved ?
I CAN HEAR SOMETHING .|THE SOUND COMES AND GOES .
That photo is in every single room here .|Men and women come here , and make love that 's full of lies .
Men and women come here , and make love that 's full of lies .|But they see that photo , and for a second pretend that they found true love .
What 's this ?|Just read it .
Mike led the deposition .| Starts out bold .
I 'd be looking at the couple in the photo .|I was always jealous of them .
Oh , he shouldn 't have asked that . That 's a rookie move .|What ...
BUT THERE 'S SOMEONE .|WHY ARE YOU CRYING ? Child : WE 'RE SICK ! WHO 'S SICK ?
What ?|While we were doing it , were you jealous of the two ?
While we were doing it , were you jealous of the two ?|Let me think ...
THEY 'RE DYING . WHO WOULD WANT TO POISON YOU ?|Child : SOMEONE 'S GOING TO KILL US . SOMEONE 'S GOING TO KILL US . IS MY SON THERE ?
I needed some air .|How did you even know how to get up here ? Donna . You ?
LAURA ...|WE WHO ARE CLOSE TO DEATH ... WE ARE MORE RECEPTIVE TO THESE MESSAGES .
The essay ? I couldn 't do it . Just think of it like a closing argument . Why should they take you ? Exactly . Why should they take me ?|Why do you want to be a lawyer ? Just ... Don 't think . Tell me .
A SIDESHOW TRICK . I CAN 'T BELIEVE THIS . WHY ? FOR WHAT REASON ? THEY 'RE RIGHT , AREN 'T THEY ? THEY DON 'T WANT MONEY . NOT YET .|Laura : WHAT SHOULD I DO ? TELL ME , WHAT SHOULD I DO ? IT 'S BEEN A LONG TIME , AND THE POLICE STILL HAVEN 'T FOUND A SINGLE CLUE ... NOT A SINGLE CLUE ... AS TO WHERE MY SON CAN BE , WHETHER DEAD OR ALIVE . WHAT DO I DO , JUST SIT AND WAIT ? CAN IT HURT TO LISTEN ? LAURA , STOP ! NO , YOU STOP !
Laura : WHAT SHOULD I DO ? TELL ME , WHAT SHOULD I DO ? IT 'S BEEN A LONG TIME , AND THE POLICE STILL HAVEN 'T FOUND A SINGLE CLUE ... NOT A SINGLE CLUE ... AS TO WHERE MY SON CAN BE , WHETHER DEAD OR ALIVE . WHAT DO I DO , JUST SIT AND WAIT ? CAN IT HURT TO LISTEN ? LAURA , STOP ! NO , YOU STOP !|TELL ME , PILAR ... HOW MANY SIMILAR CASES HAVE YOU HAD IN THIS DAMNED VILLAGE ?
Don 't move ! Wha , what , are you doing ?|Pepe told me that a woman 's dying face is really scary .
WHAT SHOULD I DO ? MY DEAR ... YOU ARE A GOOD MOTHER . YOUR PAIN GIVES YOU STRENGTH , IT WILL GUIDE YOU . BUT ONLY YOU KNOW HOW FAR YOU ARE WILLING TO GO ... TO FIND YOUR SON . I DON 'T KNOW WHAT TO DO . YOU HEAR , BUT DON 'T LISTEN . SEEING IS NOT BELIEVING . IT 'S THE OTHER WAY AROUND .|BELIEVE ...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?|WE CAN 'T STAY HERE ANY LONGER .
IF HE 'S NOT , THEY WON 'T RECOVER HIM . I 'M NEITHER WILLING NOR ABLE TO KEEP TAKING THIS SHIT . PLEASE , LAURA , LET 'S LEAVE THIS HOUSE .|CARLOS , YOU CAN 'T ASK ME TO GIVE UP . NEITHER YOU NOR PILAR .
If I was going through that door , he 'd have to pick me up and throw me out .|Well , you must have said something .
I CAN 'T LEAVE YET . I WON 'T LIVE HERE ...|AND YOU 'RE NOT STAYING ALONE . I CAN 'T JUST LEAVE , THERE ARE TOO MANY MEMORIES , CARLOS . I HAVE TO SAY GOODBYE .
AND YOU 'RE NOT STAYING ALONE . I CAN 'T JUST LEAVE , THERE ARE TOO MANY MEMORIES , CARLOS . I HAVE TO SAY GOODBYE .|TWO DAYS . ALONE .
I knew he was hired by my group . That 's fine .|The problem started when Pepe said he would kill Asakura .
Fine .|You want to know why he went to see Monica ? I 'm sure you 're going to tell me . Because he doesn 't know the idea to stir her up against Daniel was yours in the first place . He doesn 't need to know .
The plan was to torture him until he paid the debt .|This misunderstanding is what 's bothering me .
Three on one . All for a deposition of little old me . Would you be more comfortable over there , where your old desk used to be ?|DANIEL : No need . We won 't be here long .
DON 'T WORRY ABOUT A THING .  DON 'T BE AFRAID , I 'LL GET YOU OUT .|STAY AND PLAY WITH US .
Why would he do that .|Was that really poison ?
Go ahead . Ask your questions . Did you have an affair with Monica Eton while you were employed at Pearson Hardman ? Yes . I did . Any other questions ? I think we 're good .|Yeah , you got me to embarrass myself . But you already did that the day you told everyone in the office about my affair with Monica . You , and you .
You ... you ...|Take this money and go back home .
Take this money and go back home .|What are you saying , big bro .
IT 'S LAURA .|LAURA . IT 'S LAURA .
Go back home and start over . No way ! I don 't know how to earn an honest living ! 200 million disappeared !|Somebody will have to take the blame .
And as far as my admission goes , you were still the one who fired her 24 hours after you found out .|That 's what a jury 's going to focus on .
THE HOUSE . THE BEACH . THE LOST CHILDREN .|ONCE UPON A TIME ... THERE WAS A HOUSE NEAR THE BEACH ... WHERE THE LOST CHILDREN LIVED ... 
Asakura might contact you .|Why are you choosing her over me ?
Big bro !|Are you awake ?
And then , I found out that whole time , she was ... With me . Yeah , with you .|Why are you telling me this ?
I 'll tell you , tidiness made person . Delicate , all clean . Look , Agatino , I dare you to find in the furniture a speck of dust , even to pay it one million .|All tidied , all perf ... Then , you know what amazes me ?
A gambler is supposed to be adventurous .|Let 's split the money at the airport .
Didn 't go too well for you last time .|No , I 'm here to say I 'm sorry .
You really didn 't know it was her .|Welcome to the world . Stings , doesn 't it ? Yeah . It does .
So you came all the way here just to tell me you 're sorry ? No . I didn 't .|Jessica was wrong to fire you , but she didn 't fire you because you 're a woman . She fired you because she didn 't trust you . I know that . So , then , you also know that keeping this suit alive is sticking it to her .
Thank God . I was about to be killed by my boss .|That belong to you ?
Those cases are their own thing .|They 're being told they can 't get where they want because they 're not good enough .
Who 's being naive now ? He 's using your suit to drive us into the ground . And driving us into the ground means losing these cases .|What do you want ?
I was just told that I 'm a lousy sales person .|Shit happens .
Shit happens .|Yeah , shit happens .
I haven 't eaten anything .|Since last night ... And you ate our pizza .
Because she entered my mind , understand ? I can 't get her out .|Margherita ...
I got it .|I 'm going back right now . Tell me the details then .
Asakura was alive after all . Really ?|But ...
Ouch ! It hurts ! The pain killer 's not working ! Bear with it . Let 's go !|Wait , wait , hold on ! The car 's movement causes pain . No way avoiding that . You traded your finger for the debt and also got millions of extra cash . A new finger will grow , while resting in the getaway island . The finger 's not growing back ! Give me pain killers , please ! Young kids today are so weak .
Wait , wait , hold on ! The car 's movement causes pain . No way avoiding that . You traded your finger for the debt and also got millions of extra cash . A new finger will grow , while resting in the getaway island . The finger 's not growing back ! Give me pain killers , please ! Young kids today are so weak .|You 're making me work too hard . 100 million is not enough pay .
No one cares what he said in that deposition . You think I give a shit about what he said in that deposition ? I meant getting me to sign that agreement . You can 't win every move . I should have seen it coming . You made a decision under the gun . I let him put me there . We beat him because you kept your cool when I wanted to lose mine .|Keep your cool now , sign this agreement , and let 's beat him again .
Sorry , I didn 't pay you enough .|Go to hell , and bite your nails in fear of me !
You look happy .|So do you .
Drink it !|Drink up , it 's fresh !
Enough ! Stop it ! Come on , don 't stop !|Don 't be cowards ! Come on !
Rachel , please tell me that that doesn 't ... No , I don 't ... I don 't mean that in a bad way .|I mean it in a great way .
Enzino , come away , come on .|Damn , what a spit ! I 'll teach you to be cocky ! You think I haven 't understood you ? You 'd like to , huh ?
Damn , what a spit ! I 'll teach you to be cocky ! You think I haven 't understood you ? You 'd like to , huh ?|But you 're little , still . Go ! Go beat it in the john , you can 't do else . I , instead ... tonight , I 'll go into her room . And I 'll screw her !
What did you throw away , big bro ?|Nothing .
It 's not you .|I 'm fond of you all . And you too .
What ? Oh , nothing . It just , uh ... It just hit me .|You 're not going to be here anymore .
You 're not going to be here anymore .|I mean , you 'II ... You know , you 'll be there .
Let 's spend it all !|Well ... Let 's go then !
I mean , you 'II ... You know , you 'll be there .|Boston . Cambridge .
Look at the old goat !|I hate them , hate them , hate them !
What are you talking about ? It 's off .|Looks fine to me .
Hey !|Take me to the Cat Parade .
Take me to the Cat Parade .|You 're always a curious cat girl , huh ?
100,000 lire had cost me that window ! 100,000 lire !|Now you 're even starting to break , huh , Margherita ?
Look at you . You 're beautiful .|You have a date ? As a matter of fact , I do .
Yeah , it 's hot .|Sleepy too .
Sleepy too .|Yeah , sleepy .
Someone special ? You never know .|Could be the one .
Oh . And , um , why don 't you go ahead and take that damn name down ?|You keep showing up here , Laura 's going to kick your ass .
You keep showing up here , Laura 's going to kick your ass .|Oh , you 'd be surprised at the strength of a jealous woman .  She has nothing to worry about .
Once again , I guess you 're not here to ask for a favor . You want to know who Daniel is ?|Read his own words .
Cheers , Ninuzzo .|Drink , drink !
How old ? Come on , make a guess , say , say .|This is really lovely , y 'know , Ninuzzo ? Though you can 't see the effect of the cloth with all this stuff underneath !
Yeah ...|Let 's go back . How many islands do you need to visit ?
 You 're in my house .|What if our houses were the same ?
Oh , no . You 're moving pretty fast .|I told you . My wife 's the jealous type .
I told you . My wife 's the jealous type .|You offered a merger once . Let 's settle these cases , get it done .
It was similar to this place .|Are you waiting for someone ?
Are you waiting for someone ?|Huh ? No way !
What do you say , Ninuzzo ? Shall I drape myself ? Huh ?|Yes , .. yes . I 'll go get some pins .
Yes , .. yes . I 'll go get some pins .|So I can drape it .
So I can drape it .|Meanwhile I 'll put on some music . So you don 't get bored .
Fine , fine . Go help Adelina in the kitchen . Go , go .|Mama , I ... Hush ! Come on , let 's go . Antonio !
I 'm so hungry big bro .|Me too !
Mama , I ... Hush ! Come on , let 's go . Antonio !|Gently .
Runaway , I love you so much .|I 'll take you with me .
I 'll hold you tight , let 's run away .|I was a wanderer deeply hurt just an empty soul .
But you came along , oh lonley girl lit my heart with love .|The two of us together turned the flame into fire .
Why , by chance you had regard and respect for them ? For yourself ? Huh ?|Cigarette .
You tried ? Yeah .|Are you here with someone ? Oh , I 'm alone . I feel it 's the better way to experience the dance . You know , um , too distracting to have to talk about it . I just want to ... To feel it . No , I ... I know . Yeah . Yeah .
Hello .|Excuse me .
You just carry around an extra tux for the random occasion ? Something told me you 'd need it . And by something , I mean common sense . And by need it , I mean you 're an idiot .|So , can I ask why we are going to Atlantic City instead ofjust messengering these contracts ? No . I 'm sensing a little hostility . And you know what I think ? I think that you 're still stung about Donna , and you see a chance to blow off some steam , and you need a wingman .
Where are you from ?|You wouldn 't know , but we 're from the mountains . Took us three hours to get here .
You wouldn 't know , but we 're from the mountains . Took us three hours to get here .|Recently , I had a bad experience in the mountains .
Recently , I had a bad experience in the mountains .|A motel was in the mountains , but it was called ...
There . How 's that ?|That 's right . We 're not in Kansas anymore . Let 's move , Dorothy . You didn 't tell me you were bringing me here . And that 's a problem ? How ? I 'm sort of banned from here . For smoking weed ? Counting cards , I mean , I was smoking weed , but they banned me for counting cards . My brain just does it . I ... I can 't help that it keeps track . And that 's your defense ? It was three years ago . I was broke . Which is it ? Your brain just does it or you were broke ? What are you , some kind of lawyer ? Get inside . You 're wearing a tux . They 're not gonna know who you are .
The floor manager assured me that he 'd be kept away from the tables . I 'm sorry . I have no record of that here , sir .|Double down ?
Something like that .|Marine , please go to table eight . Ok !
Okay , so let me get this straight . He has a gambling problem ? And drinking .| Then why is he in Atlantic City ? Because he 's the keynote speaker at a clean energy conference . And he promised me he 'd stay out of trouble . And you took the word of an addict ?
Feel free to help any time you want .|Hold on . Is it still ...
You know ...|Anybody take it out ?
Anybody take it out ?|What ? Is his hand still in his mouth ? I haven 't touched it . We can 't bury him like this . Why ? It 's disrespectful . He killed Alvo . Yeah , why should we show him any respect ? I dunno , we just can 't send him off in this condition . It 's ... .. bad karma . Yeah , well , we wouldn 't want anything bad to happen to us . How do you want to bury him , Rick ? I don 't know ! Just without a dismembered fist sticking out of his mouth ! I 'll tell you what , what about top pocket ? Like a hankie ? We should stuff it up his arse . Yeah , brilliant . For God 's sake .
I call .|Straight .
Put it down , it breaks .|But it doesn 't squeeze you ? What do you care , if it squeezes me or not ?
But , if you didn 't wear it , wouldn 't you be freer ? Wouldn 't you be better ?|That 's my business !
What is it ? Firework . No , it 's a flare , isn 't it ? Distress flare . What 's that about then ? You think someone is in distress ? Yeah .|Us . They 're attacking us . Let 's get inside . Lock the doors .
Us . They 're attacking us . Let 's get inside . Lock the doors .|Do you see anything ? No .
Do you see anything ? No .|See ? Out there . Something 's just moved . Where ? Where ?
See ? Out there . Something 's just moved . Where ? Where ?|Power cut . I told you ! I told you ! We 're under attack ! From who ? I don 't know ! Cops ? Serbians ? Fucking drug dealers . They 're just trying to scare us . We ran in here , but where is the attack ? It was a firework .
All right ! All step back I 'm ' bout to dance|The greenback boogie
Come on then , you fuckers ! Jesus , Bax ! Let 's have it ! What are you doing ? ! Christ ! What do they say ? A coward dies a thousand deaths , the brave die but once .|What the hell was that ?
What the hell was that ?|Listen . I closed that . That was shut .
HARVEY : Explain to me how you sell your company on a cocktail napkin at a poker table . I didn 't sell it . I just put it up as collateral .|On a cocktail napkin at a poker table . I had aces full of kings .
On a cocktail napkin at a poker table . I had aces full of kings .|Well , the odds were with him . Yeah , come on . You saw it . It was bullshit . The guy rivered me . No . What 's bullshit is you should have never been at that table in the first place , much less drunk at that table . I gave the keynote speech , Harvey . They toasted me . I had ... one drink . You 're an alcoholic at a casino , you don 't get any drinks . I 'm not an alcoholic . I 'm a compulsive gambler .
I know . It was stupid . Is there anything we can do ? What I should do is walk through that door and make you live with this . Well , you won 't , will you ?|Because you owe me .
We 've got no water . There 's no water , no electricity , no phone .|Actually , this could work for us . They want us to buckle . They can 't kill us . They 're trying to freak us out . What makes you think they can 't kill us ? Because they want the money , don 't they ? Hey . Why don 't we just buckle ? Hand over the money , strike a deal . You 're joking ? They might be OK about it . But then we 're totally implicated . Then they can kill us . We do have one move left . All this trying to smoke us out . They 're playing the long game . The long game ? What are you , fucking Sylvester Stallone all of a sudden ? What they don 't know is we 're getting on that plane today .
I don 't have it . Are you happy ? I 've done as you wanted .|Good .
Can you take the book , please ?|Me ?
Thank God . I have to speak with you . Why didn 't you come up to the villa We don 't know who might be watching . You didn 't call me . I told you I will help you . Now maybe it is too late . The boat that belonged to Jesus , it has been found . There was supposed to be drugs on board , a lot , but there were none . If you know anything about this boat or the drugs , you must tell me . This is the last chance . Why would we know anything ? More Serbians arrived to the island and they are looking for these drugs . There are some things even the police cannot protect you from . Why would we need protecting ? We don 't know anything . You think the Serbian Mafia will care ? Leave with me now . Your options are getting smaller . I 'm not really a hearing that many options other than leaving with you , and to be honest with you , I don 't know who you are . Tell me what happened with the boat . Woody , can I have a quick word ?|You know what ? I don 't believe you . I don 't think you 're a real cop . I think you 've got something to do with these drugs and you 've lost them . Maybe you think Alvo took them , maybe you think we know about it , but I 'm afraid you 're shit out of luck . Don 't be crazy .
Well , that 's why Kanya didn 't dance tonight . Of course . Sadly , yes . The Royal Hall is beautiful . Magnificent . But behind the scenes , they look with a blind eye .|Well , if I may be so bold , please , it would be my honor to right this wrong for you . Oh , I ...  Could not impose . Thank you so much . Tenant disputes are my forte .
Please . Allow me to be your Nutcracker and join in the battle against the Mouse King . The Mouse King .  Well , in that instance , then , I will be in your debt , Mr. Light . It 's actually Mr. Litt . Wonderful . Thank you .|HARVEY : Oh , excuse me . I 'm terribly sorry .
It 's this ?|Or is it this one ?
That 's because his napkin didn 't meet the minimum requirements of a contract .|My client 's does . KEITH : Why did you ask me what exactly was written on the napkin ? No matter what it was written on , for a contract to be valid , it needs to have three things . An offer , acceptance ... And consideration . What 's consideration ? Quid pro quo . You both get something .  Like , I get his chips , and he gets my ... Company . That is a valid ... Contract . Yes . HARVEY : You forgot one thing . Competence . My client was drunk and you knew it . You have proof of that ? How many drinks did he have ? I don 't remember . That 's a good start . Well , here 's what 's going to happen . We 're going to give you your money back and throw in the 500,000 you would have gotten had Keith won . And then , we 're never going to hear from you again .
Nina . I didn 't get in touch with her .|First time was , erm ... .. about a year ago . First time ?
Attitude is a pose .|HAROLD : Oh . Yeah , like striking an attitude .
Whatever . I do that all the time .|Okay . I also need a list of the ballet company principals . Okay . Um , integrity , fidelity , patriotism ... Not that kind of principle . Okay , we 're done . How am I supposed to know ?
Okay . I also need a list of the ballet company principals . Okay . Um , integrity , fidelity , patriotism ... Not that kind of principle . Okay , we 're done . How am I supposed to know ?|Rachel , you 've just been drafted . HAROLD : Oh , but she 's not even a ... LOUIS : Not what ? She 's not what , Harold ?
That 's disgusting . That is awful . That is the worst thing you can do . There 's a code , you know ? There are rules ! LISTEN TO ME !|Why don 't you ask yourself why she came to see me . Why don 't you , for once in your fucking life , try and see the bigger picture . You 're lying . Three weeks ago , she went away . She knew we were going . She said she was gonna see her mates and she was seeing you , wasn 't she ?
There , you must be ! Sir , now I need to connect it . To the power . But I have no outlet . Okay , okay , go and get it , so you connect it . Hurry up , you must also go to the store .|Here he is , our visionary ! You slept well , huh ?
She just wanted to sit and talk .|Sit down and talk ?
Leave me alone . You wretch ! Is that the way ? Rude !|But look at .. !
And when one is dead ...|One should play dead , I say ! Alright ?
I 'm fine . JESSICA : You haven 't hired her replacement . She 's irreplaceable . JESSICA : I 'm assigning you a temp . Excellent . Not for you . You should fold .|JESSICA : Damn it . I swear , I 'm listening . No . No , the judge assigned to your fraud case just denied our motion to seal . HARVEY : What ? That motion 's a slam dunk and we need it . Who 's the judge ? Ella Follman . Don 't know her . You ? JESSICA : I 'm about to . We 're already being sued , but I guess she decided my headache wasn 't big enough .
JESSICA : Damn it . I swear , I 'm listening . No . No , the judge assigned to your fraud case just denied our motion to seal . HARVEY : What ? That motion 's a slam dunk and we need it . Who 's the judge ? Ella Follman . Don 't know her . You ? JESSICA : I 'm about to . We 're already being sued , but I guess she decided my headache wasn 't big enough .|Now , come home before you wind up in trouble .
She 's supposed to know where the dope 's got to . She 's involved , it 's obvious . She 's panicking . She wants to know where the dope and the money is . Before the Serbians do . She said that ? A whole bunch of them just arrived on the island apparently . What are you going to do ? You gonna fung shui them ? If they come here and they don 't think we 're here , maybe , just maybe , they might fuck off and go back home .|You got a better idea , Quinn ?
I mean ...|All fine at school ? Oh , sure , all is fine , thanks .
You 'll eat another cannoli ? Another cannoli to the boy .|So , Ninuzzo , all fine ? Look . I 've stained you .
Bravo !|Bravo Ninuzzo , bravo .
Oh , you all deserve each other .|I spend God knows how long trying to get my life into a place that I 'm happy with . And then you lot just drag me back down in the gutter . At least we 're not from the gutter .
I see what you 're saying .|Humiliating someone for no good reason doesn 't seem fair .
This is all basically your fault , you know ? How do you work that one out then , Rick ? Because we should have gone to the police the minute Alvo was shot . But you had to take control , didn 't you ? You had to do your fucking plan ! You were the one who didn 't want to go to the fucking police in the first place ! You 're the twat who took our phones ! I 'd rather take my chances with the Serbian Mafia than rely on you lot .|How many Cokes have you had ? We agreed two each !
No , not at all .|I just happen to be of the opinion that trials are about truth . And truth requires openness .
Enough , huh ? Enough now .|Stop , Nino !
Now , maybe I should have told you at the time but , erm ...|She made me promise not to , so ...
You might want to take an early lunch .|Oh , wow .
I want to be with my wife . And my kids .|I don 't want to be here any more .
If that 's what you want from me , .. look , I 'll undress .|Huh ?
And ... And , like ...|I don 't ...  Please tell me that Louis isn 't behind me . Louis isn 't behind you .
Hi . Hi . Penelope Cruz , Zoe Saldana , Audrey Hepburn .|What do they all have in common ?
So what ? Hold it .|What a fright !
Hey , do you think that 's funny ? Leave it ! Leave it ! Fuck off , Rick .|" Oh ! Oh ! Oh , yeah ! Yeah ! "
 " OK . "|"  " " No . " " No . No , that 's ... " "  " What you doing ? I 'm trying to work something out . "  "
Ugly coward ! He brought his little pal !|I would fill them both with slaps !
We 're screwed . Come on , Harvey . She was uptight . I just straightened her out . That 's what you do with uptight people . Well , why don 't you ever do that to Louis ? I did .|That was you ? He blamed me . You can be uptight sometimes , too . That 's why I let him think it was you . Told him it was me . That 's what I said .
That was you ? He blamed me . You can be uptight sometimes , too . That 's why I let him think it was you . Told him it was me . That 's what I said .|It 's okay . I deserved it . What ? Do you remember when he was so mad when his cat peed in the corner of his office ?
You know , this is no joke .|We 're being sued . I 'm in trouble .
I wouldn 't care for your suffering . I don 't worry about your sorrows .|Why shouldn 't you suffer as I suffer ?
This torment makes me puke !|You 're right , son . Of course . It 's a love story !
Alvo got fucked over by them . They tried to get him to make the drop . Typical Alvo . Told them to shove it up their arse . Yeah . So they whacked him . So where , erm ...|Where do these Serbians fit into all this ?
Lottie should be here by now . I hope she doesn 't look in the boot . Who exactly are we dealing with here , Baxter ? Bent cops . Inside job . They killed Jesus . They killed Tiny .|Now they want their money back . Which means they 'll probably kill us .
Angelina !|Angelina , you let me in ?
Angelina , you let me in ?|Sir , I 'm already undressed .
Goodnight , Angelina . We 'll talk tomorrow . OK ?|Have you seen ? You didn 't let him in .
" I 've never lied to you . "|" Sometimes shit just happens . " " Don 't let anything stop you living your life to the full . " " Always . "
That tape clearly shows that Keith didn 't make any of those decisions while he was sober .|Maybe not . But you did .
But that 's enough , by God ! Now I 'll go to Don Cirillo . I 'll drag him by the neck to my mother 's ! So we get it over with ! So there . Either in or out !|With or without her consent ! Okay ?
There 's bullets in here .|Where did you get that ? Garden .
Go , Follman .|I know what you 're doing . Of course , you don 't have to disclose this and neither do we .
But I am of the opinion that elections are about truth .|And truth requires openness .
Just an old man and a boy .|Hiya . We 're just ... .. messing about . Are you lot all bummers or something ?
What are we going to do with it ? Put it in the towel box here by the pool . Right , let 's do it , yeah ? Yeah . We need to get that hire car back by three . So , er ...|We are all ... .. putting in for that hire car , aren 't we ? Cos ... .. its on my credit card . Goodbye , fortune . Come on ! Couple of grand each . Crossing the line , mate . Who gives a fuck ?
Son of a bitch ! Swine ! Watch it , when I catch you I 'll kill you , y 'know ? I 'll kill you !|Look what I gotta do , I was so happy ! I was settled ! I was so happy !
Why are you so stupid ? So many chances . So many times you could have just told me where the boat was and then left the island . And we all live happy ever after . You 're not a cop , are you ? Of course I am . You 're a drug dealer . I 'm not a drug dealer . Listen ... Senora ... We 're all getting on a plane . We have the money and we can give it to you and then we 'll all be square .  Not really . How nice of you to give me the money that belongs to the Majorcan Police Department . Thank you . We 'll never , ever say a word about this to anybody , OK ? We promise . And you know what ? You can have the villa too . Rick . Erm , Rick ... You see , it belongs to us , the villa . All of it . The whole thing . And you can have it . And then we 'll forget the whole thing .|We 'll never say anything to anybody . We 'll never tell them that you put drugs on the boat or that you killed Jesus .
And the one thing all these experts have in common is that none of them has a drinking problem . Your Honor . He raised the issue .|His client , and I quote , " Has a history of drinking . " And was , in fact , so intoxicated that night , that his own lawyers had to place him into rehab . He disputed that . That is not the subject of this hearing . Your Honor , he 's trying to ... I know what he 's trying to do . He 's using your words against you . But they are your words , Mr. Specter .
You only have a month or two before that takes .|Hi , dears . Isn 't this wonderful weather we 're having ? It 's so crisp and clear . Quiet , Marie , I can 't hear the punches .
Hi , dears . Isn 't this wonderful weather we 're having ? It 's so crisp and clear . Quiet , Marie , I can 't hear the punches .|So , Raymond , are you going to the Hall of Baseball tomorrow ? What ? The Hall of Fame , Marie . You ignorant ...
Here I am !|Here I am !
Give me the flashlight , now !|What , you don 't wanna play anymore ? Come on , Ninuzzo !
He lied to me .|The money went into his account .
Hey , Ray ! Oh , come on .|What are you doing ? I 'm making memories . What ? Nothing , it 's just we 're about to crash into a big blue dot .
The money went into his account .|There 's no way that you could have ... What ? Known ?
Everybody else was into sports , and I was this rebel gliding down my own path .|He inspired me . That 's why I 'm so light on my feet .
Look , we 'll go in , you 'll meet Art Shamsky and the rest of the Mets . On the ride home , we 'll get you a Happy Meal .|Hey , hey , are you all right ? Yeah , I 'm just a little nervous . Just relax , man . Just act normal . These guys are just like you and me . Except they don 't throw like girls .
My love !|Broccoli , broccoli !
Broccoli , broccoli !|Buy the broccoli , nice broccoli !
And if someone wronged him , he wouldn 't hesitate to tear them apart limb from limb .|You ruined everything . I took your help and now , we 're evicted . I won 't ... Shut up , Sergei .
All right , I 'm not eating this . Who can eat buffalo wings without dipping sauce ? Certainly not Ray Barone from " New York Newsday . "|What , you wanted to wait in that line ? I 'm sorry , I 'm not gonna wait in a line all day like everybody else . Well , obviously you 're not like everybody else because everybody else got to meet the Mets .
You ruined everything . I took your help and now , we 're evicted . I won 't ... Shut up , Sergei .|How dare you ? Me ? You . You brought disgrace on my beloved ballet . I am the ballet . You were the ballet . And now you 're done . And the Royal Hall ? They 've been paid . How ? I reorganized the accounts , moved money . I did what I do . I showed them how they could pay for everything by eliminating your bloated salary .
Okay , I know what this is . Oh , it never ends for Raymond . He has everything , I have nothing . Oh , mopey , mopey , pouty , pouty , snooty , snooty . Oh ! No , no , I admit that there may have been times when I might have mentioned in passing that I possibly envied you . But not anymore . And would you like to know why ? Yeah ... no , not really . Where the hell is the waitress ? Everything you have ... successful career , great family , free hot dogs ... has made you lose touch with reality . You are spoiled . Oh yeah , and I guess all those years sponging off Mom and Dad have made you a better person . It certainly did . I may have a thankless job , be divorced , pay full price for a hot dog , but I happen to have something you 'll never have . A tail ?|Character , Ray . Oh yeah , yeah . You 're very superior . Yeah , you see I am superior because I 'm humble .
And you , Angela La Barbera , do you take for your lawfully wedded husband Ignazio La Brocca , according to the rite of the Roman Catholic Church ? Yes ! Unite your right hands .|Then ...
Then ...|See you tonight ?
Oh .|JESSICA : You wanted to see me .
You might want to give that a try too . All right , let 's try .|Attention , jerk head , if you 're joining me on the ride home ... I 'm sorry , did I say joining ? If you 're mooching a ride home off me that you had to have your mommy ask for , there will be no talking , okay ? You are not to say a word to me . And there will be no bathroom breaks either . So if you 're smart , you 'll do what I 'm doing right now and visit the restroom .
Attention , jerk head , if you 're joining me on the ride home ... I 'm sorry , did I say joining ? If you 're mooching a ride home off me that you had to have your mommy ask for , there will be no talking , okay ? You are not to say a word to me . And there will be no bathroom breaks either . So if you 're smart , you 'll do what I 'm doing right now and visit the restroom .|Hope there 's not a line .
I don 't know . Ego coniungo vos in matrimonium , in nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti , amen .|Amen .
Amen .|Donna Ines , please , take care of the kids . I 'll take care !
I was young . I was stupid . And I 'm sorry .|You were young and smart . And I don 't believe you 're sorry for a second .
Antonio , give a kiss to Angela .|Come on , hug Angela .
Because it was no accident that the classroom you chose belonged to the professor who was conducting the interviews for the job we both wanted .|I had no idea . You sabotaged me . There were dozens of applicants . No . We both know it was you or me . I didn 't know that he ... Objection . Bullshit .
Um , you were saying that you were meeting another couple ...|Yeah . We were , uh , supposed to be meeting friends for dinner at Bouchon , and when she didn 't show , I started calling her , but it kept going straight to voicemail . Was it like your wife to go missing for long periods of time ? No . She was always very prompt . So that 's why , when she didn 't show , I called the cops . Right . And that was at 10 : 00 p.m. Yeah . That 's right . The person I spoke to said that they couldn 't take a missing persons report . They 'd keep an eye out for her . All right . And you were meeting another couple . Would it be possible for us to speak to them ? Yeah , sure .
Seriously ? You think that 's funny ? Did you come up with that all by yourself , Derek ? Uh , no . I read it online . He 's just kidding , guys . Must be nice to have that kind of time on your hands . Guess that 's what happens when all you have to do all day is write a couple speeding tickets . You think we don 't do real police work out here ? Nah , we carry Glocks in our holsters , not radar guns , but ... You think that 's funny ? I think it 's funnier than your lame joke . Okay , that 's enough . Everybody settle down and have a drink . This is a party . Let 's party .|Hey . Forget about him , let 's go dance . Nah . I 'm a terrible dancer . You don 't have to be good , you just have to be fun . I 'm gonna have another drink instead .
Are you sure ?|So what seems to be the problem ? I had you at 55 in a 40 . License and registration , please . Uh , okay , sure . Sure , registration . It 's right around here . Somewhere I keep it . Robert , why don 't you tell this guy who you are and what you do for a living ?
May I ask what this is about ? We 're just curious . You 're just curious where I was at 8 : 00 on Monday . Just curious .|Well , I was probably at the gym . Probably ? I go there most nights after work . This was just two nights ago . Were you at the gym two nights ago ? I 'm sorry , but , uh , I 'm just not comfortable answering these questions without knowing the nature of your inquiry . Okay , well , here 's the nature of our inquiry , Mr. Rykert . Did you know this girl ? No , I don 't think so . You probably know her as Kate .
I 'm glad we had this conversation . It gave me a chance to notice your brother 's inspection sticker . Now I might just be a country bumpkin , don 't know much about all that book learning and fancy numbers , but near as I can figure , this looks like it 's expired . I 'll be right back with another little present for y 'all .|Come on ! We 're the good guys . We 're brothers in blue . This is Ray Barone from " New York Newsday . "
I ... like Louis .  Trust me . I 've been there . It doesn 't last .|Oh , my God .
Can 't really argue with that .|And Danny 's oldest is starting to look at colleges . Oh . Is Fordham on that list ? I hope so . Notre Dame ? I have some pull there , too . Well , I appreciate that . Which brings us to the matter at hand . Which is ? We have a situation . We ? I have a situation , and it 's time sensitive . Well , I 'm all ears .
What 's everyone 's next question ? Who 's the priest ? Who 's the victim ?|The times we live in .
Rachel , this is a window into the mind of Louis Litt .|It 's a Dictaphone . That he treats like his best friend . Okay . Mike ... Ah . Come on . We 've got to try .  Goal number seven . Perfect a British accent .  Hey , top of the morning , mate . Would you like some tea and crumpets ? Yes . No , no , no , no , no . We really shouldn 't .  Oh , no , but I think we really , really should .  Come up with a catchphrase . Injunct this . Hey , Harold , injunct this . This is insane .  Insanely awesome . LOUIS : You just got Litt up .
He recorded us .|He must have planted this in Harvey 's office . That ... That 's horrible . That 's why he turned on me . Wait a minute . What are you going to do ? I don 't know . But if I tell Harvey about this , he is going to kill Louis .
He must have planted this in Harvey 's office . That ... That 's horrible . That 's why he turned on me . Wait a minute . What are you going to do ? I don 't know . But if I tell Harvey about this , he is going to kill Louis .|Come on . Let 's go . They 're in the conference room . Okay . Everything all right ? Uh , yeah . No . Did you get that power of attorney ? Yeah . Let 's go set off that bomb .
But ... how ?|He helps those who help themselves .
Now I 'm mad at you !|Peter , I 'm really worried about Chris . All this pressure seems to be getting to him . I know , he 's turning into a jerk .
Peter , I 'm really worried about Chris . All this pressure seems to be getting to him . I know , he 's turning into a jerk .|Oh , hey , Chris . You wanna keep it down in here ? One of us has to work in the morning . Chris , have you ... Have you been drinking ? Yes . Have you been aging ? I want you two to do it right in front of me . And I 'm gonna throw forty bucks on your sweaty bodies when you 're done . Let 's see the money . Why do you guys hate me ? Ugh , that pain in my stomach is back . Ow !
And I 'm not giving you your money back .|MIKE : Are you crazy ? You 're gonna gamble a man 's company ? What ... You 're gonna gamble for 30 million dollars ? It was your idea . No , it was my idea to make him take the 500,000 . But it 's not 500,000 . It 's 3.5 million . Why give him that when I can take it for free ?
Okay .|Hey . Just so you know , I tried talking to him earlier , but he 's pretty shaken up . Maybe you 'll have better luck . All right .
What ? A minute ago , you were ready to fold . What are you gonna do if he goes all in ? Harvey , I know the odds of every card in every hand before it 's even dealt . Pick a card in your mind . Any card .|What ...  Okay , what , now ... Now , you 're gonna tell me what the card is ? No , I 'm going to tell you what it isn 't . It 's not one of the 52 cards in a deck because you think you 're smarter than me . It 's a baseball card or a football card or ...
Is that you ?|Will you leave me alone ? No . I would like to know which one is mine .
There , I introduced you old buddy . Now , go have a drink on me .|If you insist . You can finish . There 's no hurry .
 Wanted it ? I goddamn orchestrated it . C.M. Pays what they should have in the first place . MIKE : The suit against ...  You 're not the only one who can play the man .| You really think you can handle me ?
Go on now . Call for the car .|He left a few minutes later . I never saw him again . Must 've been a pretty urgent telegram . Yeah , I 'm not so sure about that . Why would you say that ?
Another shine , sir ? No , but I need you to do something for me . If that phone rings , you answer it , understand ? You tell the person on the other end to wait , then come get me in my room . 348 . Got it ? Yes , sir .|And that was the last time I saw Mr. Henry Cabot Lodge Jr . Was there anything else you told Susie ? No , I 'm sorry . That 's all she wanted to know . I 'll admit it 's curious . Just curious ? Lodge had a phone in his room . The hotel had several house phones . The only reason you use a pay phone in the lobby is ' cause you don 't want a record of the call . Well , still , all we know for sure is that we got a couple of Cabinet members who were working really hard to keep their communications private . That 's hardly a reason to kill somebody . Okay , I guess you have a point there . We got to find out who else Susie talked to other than Mauli and George . Right . You know what ? Let 's do this . Let 's put ourselves in their shoes , all right ? So , she found the beach club where Rusk was hanging out . She visited the hotel where Lodge was staying . If you 're her , where else do you go ? Camp Smith . Where the conference was being held . They didn 't just hold the conference there . That 's also where they all stayed . Except for Lodge . Sounds like it 's worth checking out .
 Better .|HARVEY : He can 't help you .
That 's a dope pantsuit . " We might need a lip reader .|'I still don 't like what I 'm hearing " about the operation " 'You never like what you hear about operations " ' you don 't directly oversee . " ' You 're just going to have to trust our team " to get this done " 'Just promise me it won 't come back to bite us " 'I give you every assurance , General . " ' When the world reads his obituary all the blame will fall on the Cubans . ' " Busted ! Right ? I think I need to sit down . You are sitting , Jer . Then I need to stand up .
What does it matter ?|It matters to me .
You 're gonna have to do better than that .|You 're right , Tommy .
But these shitty cards ?|They don 't have anything to do with it .
English ?|American . Can I have another one ? Help yourself .
But you know what else gambling and what you did have in common ?|This .
She died on your watch and you did nothing to stop it . Turn around .|I don 't want to live with
I don 't want to live with|Why were you following Susie Freeling ?
Come here .|I said , come here .
Oh , okay , all right . How about this then ? I don 't care who you work for . Right now you 're in a bunker four stories underground . Nobody knows you 're here and you 're not getting out until you tell me what I want to know .|All right . You want to know what this was all about ? I 'll tell you .
I just had a huge win . And I am not in the mood to hear why it might have turned out as a loss .|Harvey .
All right . You want to know what this was all about ? I 'll tell you .|Steve get anywhere with Agent Ward ? He 's working on it . All right , bring it in , everybody , come on .
You 're right .|We are being sued .
I don 't really follow politics , but I did watch that debate . That poor Nixon , sweating under all those hot lights . Looked like he was gonna pass out .|And the president , you know , so handsome , so confident . Will he be visiting Hawaii again ? I 'm ... not sure . He barely won this state the first time . All the more reason to come back .
Right away .|She 's leaving . She 's leaving ? Angela , wait a minute !
I was just ... I don 't give a shit what you were doing .|You know , Harvey , you can make fun of me all you want . But watch your tone .
I don 't know if that 's a good thing or a bad thing .|She died knowing that she had a friend who would finish what she started .
But she damn sure wasn 't a professional . I 've never brought you a professional , sir . If you had a body like hers , Natalie ...|Jealous ?
She died knowing that she had a friend who would finish what she started .|Steve . Yeah , I 'll tell him . Thanks .
That 's right . Just go on detesting me .|Both of you .
Yes ? What 's up ? Push the book under the door , then I 'll spare you . He wants the book . Give that to me . Listen , we don 't have that book . People are on their way here . Turn the damn car engine off . Do you hear me ? Hello ? Hello !|No , you do it .
Yeah , he was .|... on a matter which concerns us all , and that is how the American people can live more happily and more securely together . And there is no place where it is more appropriately said and understood than in this part of the United States , here on this island .
Your commission .|Okay ?
Okay ?|Listen , what happened with that girl last night ? Why do you ask ? She must be something . She was here this morning . Snooty to me . Maurice was here and paid for her breakfast . She left with him .
Come over here .|Good fish , right ? Thanks !
Good fish , right ? Thanks !|OK , it 's all of us ? All of us together ? All together .
Good .|Just perfect !
I 'll ask our legal team to handle the case . Apart from that , the Board wants a meeting .|You 'll have to take care of it . I left the living room briefly , when I returned , Carl had turned on the TV . He was watching the news .
I 've packed the basics for him . We 'll wait and see where he wants to sleep . Any news ? Not yet .|Did Carl or Emilie ever mention a place they call the gap ? No .
Yes , of course . But we were going to have lunch together . Look , I posed for you . Now all I want is some money .|Okay . But this isn 't anything compared to what this pimp can get for you !
I came to tell you something . Last night I ... wished it had been me .|Have a nice trip ! You too !
I didn 't love him .|There was someone else before who ...
Yes , you do !|If the maid finds you here ...
I also left him , even though he was the one who ...|Well , it wasn 't to be . That 's all right now .
Good . We 're all fine .|We went diving . This morning .
We went diving . This morning .|Yes . Your husband too .
It meant something to me , what happened over there .|Shall we get going ?
Now , he can 't see anything .|You don 't know him . I 'll tell him you left town again , okay ?
They 're sending us a copy of the film .|Do you know anything about Ussing 's private life ? Or perhaps you 're not allowed to talk about that either ?
Found any ?|No .
No . Just sort of ran out of gas . He got a job and wanted to save money .|And after the divorce , what did you do ?
Think about your old Dad . He worries .|Goodbye , Anna . Goodbye , my child .
And then ?|And then , England . I was on King 's Road for a few months , just having fun .
And then , England . I was on King 's Road for a few months , just having fun .|Then someone gave me my motorbike and my freedom .
Goodbye and thank you .|It 's OK , Mogens .
Attention , please .|Tonight we 'll perform minor repairs to our generator .
Tonight we 'll perform minor repairs to our generator .|As we do this work , the ship may briefly lose main power . We apologize for any inconvenience . Thank you .
Excuse me , please . I 'm about to retire . I thought you might need something .|No , just ... privacy .
Those are the clothes Emilie wore that night on the bridge .|Winter boots and survival gear . What the hell is going on ?
The cabin boy ?|Yes . It 's the cabin boy .
Yes . It 's the cabin boy .|How did you know ? See that ? Now who 's the pineapple ? Congratulations . You have two points and you 're ahead so far . Thank you .
How did you know ? See that ? Now who 's the pineapple ? Congratulations . You have two points and you 're ahead so far . Thank you .|Who 's going next ?
Who 's going next ?|I 'm not playing anymore . I 'm tired and I 'm bored of this game .
The color of your eyes . I mean , I 've never seen you without your glasses .|My glasses ! Give then to me !
OK . I 'd be bored too , and give up , if I were losing . Just because you can guess who 's a kiwi and who 's a pineapple , doesn 't mean you 're better than us . In case you 're wondering , you 're not the best in general . You 're the best at that particular game . Only .|All right , then let 's play the game " The Best in General . " How about it ? But wait , actually we can 't play that , because that game doesn 't exist . Pity .
Do you want me to leave ?|They are brown .
The older they get ... The more they are used .|Maybe it 's time that I 'm doing things elsewhere . No . It 's okay .
You understand ? Yes . Of course , I understand .|Angela ... please stay .
Trivial Pursuit ?|Sure . Whatever you guys want .
Would you let me try ?|I really shouldn 't .
A virgin . 4000 . She 's not back stitched right ?|No , absolutely fresh and new . Because I am a doctor and I can see it .
Paper .|Scissors .
Yorgos , are you playing ?|I 'll play ... if we change the game a little bit . Meaning ?
You don ; t love me . On the contrary , I love you very much . That 's why I think you 'd better marry him . We love each other , sure . But without money , you and me ...|Don 't you realize that ? Let me go ! Let me go !
But if you don 't love him , you can cheat on him .|Listen , suppose you were already married to him .
For a month , real virgins .|From five or six years old and assured of their virginity .
Is not that your specialty ?|You ask me for dangerous things . I 'm asking you because you deliver . Because you have supplied .
My pants don 't ride up too high . They do , and you can ask anyone .|Do my pants ride up too high ?
What you are asking is very expensive .|A real virgin once . 4000 U.S. dollars .
His posture is excellent . Straight back , straight neck .|I don 't think he 's asleep . How can he be asleep already ? He 's asleep . It 's odd he doesn 't sleep nude , although he 's a nudist .
New feature but same old hours ?|I know I promised earlier home .
Maybe ... it 's not enough . I should do it more often .|Good morning .
A new team . We owe it to the setting .|I know .
Good morning .|It must be abandoned , eh ?
It is much better than all those weeks apart and no form of communication .|You know the army .
We shouldn 't quarrel on our wedding night .|I know .
I thought you volunteer was in the shelter and not in the village .|I am an invitation .
I believe so , yes .|You have not hung paintings .
For polishing silver , there 's a secret few people know .|Tooth paste .
There are 6 ? Yes , sir . Now you 've got 6 of them for your wigs .|Happy now ?
Congratulations .|The spoons aren 't perfect .
Yes , Arthur . Thank you . The note .|Did you happen to write it ?
I have no more time for her to cry .|And that scares me .
Yes , I did .|Eat it !
Well you don 't usually see the bottom .|What 's wrong with it ?
But we could find no evidence .|That you 're probably getting .
Yeah .|You haven 't seen her since ?
She 's terrific .|She 's very happy .
A child is sacrificed for the rest . Poverty is no excuse for a child to prostitution to surrender . In any culture . And you think that if you catch this criminal ...|You can change that problem ?
Really , it 's nothing serious . They 're not making sense .|Go on .
And do you know why I haven 't ?|Why ? Because I 'm not an insurance agent .
And will remember who helped and who is not .|Mr. Becker , you have our full cooperation .
Why are you so upset ?|We all must die one day .
Don 't put it out . I won 't tell anyone you smoke .|I wasn 't smoking . But I saw you .
Listen , it 's okay . I won 't tell anyone . You can come to my cabin and smoke whenever you want .|Thank you .
Well , I got something for you . I don 't like being watched . Worries you , does it ? It does . I worry about you . I can take care of myself .|Don 't be silly . None of your old movies , please !
I 'm afraid I do not know much bicycle off ... Except what color I like . Some want to sell you crap .|This is my granddaughter .
Impotent in general ?|Unable to have children .
I came back . I didn 't like to leave you alone , my dear .|Why ?
A new resident in your home .|Go back and stay there .
No , stop it ! Stop it !|Stop it !
Stop it !|Stop it , stop it !
Give me the girl and your fault is waived .|Disappear .
It 's a fair price .|There are no outstanding debts that are not collected .
No , Marc ! No , Marc !|Stop it !
The main part of this research is this man ... He calls himself the Duke .|He has his work moved from Phnom Phen to Siem Reap for tourists to use . And like most pimps , he fills his brothels with young Vietnamese girls . The vulnerable . In Cambodia without citizenship ... Without rights and poverty ... They are vulnerable targets for these traffickers .
Foreigners of all nationalities . All shapes and sizes . All backgrounds and economic living standards .|The best thing you can do is go where trouble and keep your eyes open .
Shut up !|Shut up !
No .|Let me ask you .
Our history and our ways .|If an accident occurs on the streets stop the people , out of fear ... That they are to blame for the accident .
If an accident occurs on the streets stop the people , out of fear ... That they are to blame for the accident .|Wisdom says ...
You have to keep her busy too . You 're not supposed to know that they were going to town . You just gotta ... Get me ?|Get me ?
I cut the pears in slices , put them in the oven , wrap them in prosciutto , tightly , spread more prosciutto around the plate , and at very the end , right in the middle : arugula .|Couldn 't you also put the arugula inside the rolls ? You could . You 're totally free .
I am proud . I let them magnify to 8 x 10 ... So that I could hang them in my office . These temples are the pride of the people of Cambodia . In fact earn your money with those photos , right ?|What is the name of this tree again ?
Do you find it not ironic that the roots of this tree of silence ... Slow the Ankor Wat temples swallow ?|Your eyes stay shut for abuse of children for sex trade will ... Finally your culture and people swallow .
Please , listen to me both of you .|My arrival in this house was ... unusual to say the least .
We all share a common grief .|A so deep that I almost forgot how to cry .
That 's all .|Just what are you trying to say ?
Just what are you trying to say ?|We will be better off if we try to be friends . You must be joking , madam . I could never be your friend . If you will excuse me now , I really must be on my way .
And we lived in a nice neighborhood ...|The kids played in the park and went by bike to school . I knew all my neighbors and they knew me .
The kids played in the park and went by bike to school . I knew all my neighbors and they knew me .|Life seemed very good and safe to see .
But , sometimes ... he insisted on getting around by himself .|Poor child .
Abigail was seven .|She loved puppies and ...
She has suffered so much . These things happen . Seems so unfair .|I 'll take good care of her , doctor .
She loved puppies and ...|Dressed like the pink . And she drew like princesses who walked hand in hand and ... Then she said , this is you mom . And this is me .
I think it 's our best contest so far !|What 's wrong ?
You shouldn 't become so attached to pebbles . Pebbles come , pebbles go . Other pebbles show up .|When you don 't expect them .
" My geometry professor was very strict , and I knew he wouldn 't tell me my grade on the test ... I was scared , but I had nothing else to lose , as I approached his office , to ask how I had done .|Standing outside his door , I was trembling with fear ... "
I 'll tell you a secret . Mama has an extra snack in done for Rosie .|This is probably Aunt Sarah . If you wait a minute ?
Standing outside his door , I was trembling with fear ... "|OK ?
And she was gone . Like she was wiped from the earth . She was ...|And every time that I have tomorrow repeated in my mind ... And wondered what could have call so important that I had lost sight of .
You know , I couldn 't understand why he left his glasses in the bath tub .|Then I found this !
In a pasture , a year later .|I love my little girl more than I can ever say .
Is Madam feeling better ? Oh , it 's a little too soon but she will .|If I can do anything ... Madam appreciates that I am sure , but from now on she can rely on two good friends .
I 'm telling you , it was that story . The geometry teacher and the girl ? I couldn 't imagine it . If it was the one about the girl whose car breaks down , I 'd have been fine . I 'm not saying you have a problem . Maybe you were nervous , maybe ... Maybe you were embarrassed ... but you had better look into it . Okay ?|Hurry up ! We 're waiting for you .
You sit there and agree . You say , " Sure , take off some of his points . " Points off from what ? My cock ? I think you 're overly upset .|Didn 't we go together to that apartment in Ilissia ? We did .
Nothing 's over , you dog .|And you know what ? You 'll win .
No , Marc .|No more !
No more !|No , no , no ! No more , please !
These girls are a good start ...|But we should have more . Many more girls .
But we should have more . Many more girls .|Yes , more girls .
You know Duke , I can guarantee I 'm not a trafficker .|But my taxi driver , I am not sure . Now very sweet little girl .
My mother died a few years earlier .|My father and brother worked all day in the fields .
It 's just that his room is neat , and he 's very polite .|You ? Whom would you put in first place ? I don 't know . Yet .
Hello . Hi , how are you ?|Fine .
My little sister did not survive ...|But she suffers no more .
I sometimes have nightmares ... I 'm scared , I wake up ...|In my new house . With my new family .
Have you missed me ? Sure . I 've missed you .|Do you love me ?
But one day the prince came from the east ...|With his army across the ocean to our country to conquer .
That 's correct . I wasn 't making excuses . And in any case , it 's not the sound of a frog , it 's a simple electronic sound . Of a frog . Excuse me , but maybe he hasn 't changed it to not upset his son . Precisely . Just a moment . We 're asking Yorgos , We 're not asking you . I didn 't answer . I only hypothesized . No , no . A specific question was put to Yorgos , and Yorgos should answer . I didn 't answer , I only hypothesized . Right ? Dimitris 's hypothesis was correct .|You 're a very beautiful woman .
Why is such a beautiful woman here alone ... by the road , at this hour ?|No spare tire ? Well , that is a problem ! Let 's see if there 's anything I can do to fix it . Let 's see . It 's difficult . It 's difficult but let 's see .
Marc ! Marc , where are you ?|He 's not here . Where is he ? Where both of you wanted to send me .
Grabbed her bow and arrow ...|And with one shot ...
And with one shot ...|Flew the arrow through the country and the ship landed in front of the prince .
I didn 't want to do it .|I had to .
I had to .|You didn 't kill him , I did !
Are you asleep ?|I 've got a beautiful erection , enduring and engorged . Open up , let me show you .
Whore .|I let you and your friends in the village continue ...
Remember one thing : you fired Marc last night .|Is that clear ? You fired Marc last night ! I did it . I did it .
So get ready because I 'm coming back ... to Lilliput City !|Get ready because I 'm coming back to Lilliput City !
She doesn 't know what she 's saying ! Compose yourself , please . We know you were his mistress .|That had nothing to do with it .
Next please .|Who 's next ?
If your mother were alive , she would your little sister to sell me . If you do not tell me where she is will suffer .|She can not hide forever for me .
A sample of the tissue of your husband 's lungs has been examined . Our lab reports traces of this oil in it .|You drowned him . You drowned him in the bathtub . Isn 't that right ? That 's what happened ! But I wasn 't there ! It as she and ... Go on ! She and ...
He worked for my husband .|I didn 't need him anymore .
You do not hurt me .|What man wants a girl beat up ?
My dear You Lie ...|Watch the men actually do to you ?
Who 's next ?|Good morning , Dimitris . Have a seat .
Roll up your sleeve .|Make a fist , and take a deep breath .
She 's lying .|You know it 's true bitch . You want us all suffer through your lies .
Now I 'll apply the special ointment , okay ?|You lied to me ! I knew you 'd lie to me . That wasn 't fair . I was straight with you , but you weren 't . That wasn 't nice . Your behavior is appalling . Forgive me . I apologize . You 're right . I 'm sorry .
Or let us swear in glory to die ! Or let us swear in glory to die !|Or let us swear in glory to die !
Is your arm too tired , Blandini ? No , Miss .|Maybe you rather have a rest ... at the Headmaster 's office . No , Miss . Take your distance correctly , then .
Give the kids a hug .|I 'm coming . I have to go . Okay , I love you too .
I 'm coming . I have to go . Okay , I love you too .|You are discovered . I do not like a member of my team so discovered . I have family in Bakh Pei . Do you think it vellig to go ?
Do you think it is safe for a while Bakh Pei to go ? May , look there .|If we do not know the number get your drink from the band . I passed him when he came in and heard his accent , he is an American .
If we do not know the number get your drink from the band . I passed him when he came in and heard his accent , he is an American .|Are there any requests ?
No , thank you .|Are you sure ?
Okay , you don 't need this . And don 't beat yourself up . I know that if the doctor had insisted a bit more , you would have done it .|I 've given you really high points .
Sir , come hither . This is very good .|Do you know where this comes from ? Do you ? These are copies of copies of copies . This is stolen . It is a major organized crime here . Here they earn millions of dollars with and several millions of human beings .
During the consolidation of the Argentine State , the National School of Buenos Aires ... has historically played ... an important role .|The history of our school and the history of our Nation ... go hand in hand . You must alway have this in mind . I officially welcome you ... to the present school term , and I wish you a whole year of good studying ...
Well , fortunately we have good photos of this man . I send them to Interpol .|Yes , you need to gather your belongings and family and to Bakh Pei go .
I 'll call you on your mobile .|I appreciate your friendship .
I 'm done .|What happened ? What happened ?
Military tourists always come back home . After Abbey you never came back .|Are we therefore here ?
This is not playtime , pupils . You 've been punished .|Your lapel .
Your lapel .|Your button .
Blood sugar . 80 . 72 . 91 . 118 . 103 . Normal levels are from 70 ... to 110 .|If you 're within that range , raise your hand so we can see you .
Hello .|Hello .
Please , come in .|Professor Espinoza ...
I 'll leave you alone .|Sit down , please .
Sit down , please .|Would you like one ? No , thank you . Don 't be shy . Help yourself .
As we speak is your captain and a few of our men in one of the houses ... Likely for child prostitution is used .|This is it . Come on .
I don 't know why ...|I 'm stressed out .
The purple neck The wing is cloth|The eagle is the flag
The eagle is the flag|This is the flag of my Nation
What happened ?|The criminals in the brothel .
I do apologize . I never ...|That hardly ever happens ... It 's probably all that garlic in the stuffed eggplants .
I have the police reports read on your service . I know about your successful raids and then suddenly that series of failed raids .|I ask nothing you do not want to answer .
Well ...|It 's nothing really .
What is smoking in the school ?|It 's the cancer of subversion , still threatening us .
Are they for you ?|No , they are not . Be careful . They are very strong . The doctor prescribed them for her .
No , they are not . Be careful . They are very strong . The doctor prescribed them for her .|May I test the perfumes ? Sure . Open the showcase .
May I test the perfumes ? Sure . Open the showcase .|Enrique , Olga is on the phone .
And you think , if you have one criminal packed that you can change the problem ?|The karma of my family is very good .
Your fresh cut flower ready to be delivered .|You will not stop until you get to the meeting in Phnom Phen are . Understood ?
What is it ?|It 's for a bubble bath , compliment of the pharmacy .
And those cards ! So romantic ! Oh ! They play music ! Oh , I love you , Christos ! I love you ! I love your gifts !|Christos I love you !
Marini , your socks ?|Fine .
I 'm crazy about you , Christos !|Lick my feet , Christos !
Lick my feet , Christos !|Sorry .
Careful .|The shawl was very nice in my dream . It 's still beautiful . It depends on how you look at it .
No .|No , this is the first time .
No , this is the first time .|I don 't know what happened to me .
The shawl was very nice in my dream . It 's still beautiful . It depends on how you look at it .|Do you think that there is a red bird lives ? I think many birds and other animals here to nest .
If someone gets hypoxia while diving , is it very dangerous ? Can you die ?|Yes , it 's dangerous .
The last time we dove , Yorgos got hypoxia .|Luckily I saw him in time .
How did I get here ? Biasutto brought you .|That 's very kind of him .
Do it . Shoot me .|Shoot me .
I know how that screams at must have love .|You let chickens stop that screaming ...
You let chickens stop that screaming ...|By his head cut off .
I got scared .|I 'm sorry . I don 't know what happened . I promise it won 't happen again . That 's fine .
By his head cut off .|Run .
Would you like to see something beautiful ?|This way . Careful with your head .
Yorgos , or me ?|The finalists are Yorgos and Christos . The Doctor ? The Doctor is next to last .
That 's wonderful . It 's so clear . There 's not a single cloud .|Come here . Sit down . Come on , don 't be shy .
Then he asked me to get him cigarettes . A carton .|It 's just like I predicted . Nikolaou last . The Doctor next to last .
Do not come any closer . Otherwise I kill that woman and then you .|You want the girl anyway ?
When I feel lonely , I like to come here .|I don 't feel lonely here .
I don 't feel lonely here .|Don 't you feel lonely sometimes ?
I hold you all in high regard ... you and your families .|So ...
Kneeling .|I look for weapons .
But I have to admit , I feel , as if I 've won already .|... regardless of what your final vote decides .
What happened ?|Help ! I 'm getting all wet .
Help ! I 'm getting all wet .|Please , leave me .
White bitch , if you run too fast I will kill you .|Stand up slowly .
... regardless of what your final vote decides .|I want to thank everyone who gave me high points , but also those who gave me low points , because thanks to your criticism and comments
You may sit down .|Please , take a paper .
And to show you my regard for you , and how close to you I feel ...|Put a few here .
Seriously ? This is the gift I ask of you . And I 'm certain you 'll offer it ... And I 'm ready to receive it .|What the hell ?
Is that knife sterilized ? I wiped it with alcohol and held it over a flame . This is over the top . You 've gone too far now !|Come on .
Victory , this is Mission Control . All systems are go . Flight commander , all computers are functioning . The crew of Victory has been given a go ... for orbit operations by Mission Control . Crew members are doing well ... and all systems of the orbiter are performing satisfactorily . Three , two , one , zero and liftoff .|Mission Control , we have left the pad . Roger that , Victory . You are go for throttle up . Mission Control , this is Victory . We have throttled up . It 's a fine day for flying , Houston .
My grandmother knitted it for me . She does beautiful things .|Yes , it 's a very nice coat .
What ?|Spencer .
Bravo !|Thanks .
You won 't find it .|You won 't find it .
I did what anybody would have done in my place .|The society was at stake . We had to act with great energy .
And what about Alex ?|Captain Streck is an older man than your husband . There was a tremendous strain on his heart .
Captain Streck is an older man than your husband . There was a tremendous strain on his heart .|Natalie .
Jillian .|Jillian .
It probably cut a tendon , but if you see Christos 's face you won 't believe it .|Nikolaou left in tears , the rest are down in their cabins . An ambulance is on its way . Christos lost a lot of blood .
Spencer , what is that ?|Did you feel that ?
No ...|See you Monday . See you Monday , Mr. Biasutto . Call me Carlos .
See you Monday . See you Monday , Mr. Biasutto . Call me Carlos .|Have a nice weekend .
Alex ! Jesus ! Hold him .|Help him ! Epi .
You did .|No I didn 't . Yes you did . I didn 't believe it .
It 's gonna be okay .|They 're back .
GTH presents|Jorkwang Film produces
Why did you bring your cellphone with you ? Just in case anyone calls .|Like who ?
Tum ?|Hey , have you ever felt like not wanting to pick up , but just wanting to know if he 'd call ?
Hey , have you ever felt like not wanting to pick up , but just wanting to know if he 'd call ?|I already erased his name .
I can tell . Your skin is dry .|Looks like emery paper .
Do you like my brother ?|He has a big dick .
Will you do it ?|Will you move to New York City with me ?
I was just asking , why the beach again ? That exactly means you don 't want to go !|Tum , you 've changed , you know that ?
What 's wrong with you , gentlemen ? Nothing , Mr. Biasutto .|What are you laughing at ?
Hmmm , maybe that 's better .|You think the rope will break ?
You think the rope will break ?|Are you scared ?
Okay , Mr. Biasutto .|I think there 's something else . I notice you 're uneasy .
Along the highway|And more , much more To you , spaceman .
Aren 't you ?|Of course !
I did it my way|I 've loved and been a snide I 've had my fill ... My share of losing
Of course !|But if we can overcome our greatest fears , then we won 't be scared of anything anymore .
But if we can overcome our greatest fears , then we won 't be scared of anything anymore .|It 's not the time to get all philosophic on me .
Gentlemen ... Name , year and class . Fornillo , third C. Witenstein , fourth B. Give me your student cards .|You shouldn 't be here . The toilets upstairs are clogged .
I plan to work abroad and save money to travel .|An alumna I know is in London . She might be able to help me out .
But it will be a lot of fun . Once in a lifetime , you know !|London , Paris , Venice , Big Ben , Eiffel Tower , Stone Henge .
Don 't you have anything better to do than to laugh at people ?|Go back to your classrooms .
Go back to your classrooms .|Hello .
Come on ! Come on ! That 's good !|That 's good ! Come on !
I shot it up Stop .|And the world
And the world|And did it my way
And did it my way|For what is a brat
London , Paris , Venice , Big Ben , Eiffel Tower , Stone Henge .|La Gondola . Leaning Tower of Pisa .
You gave me your horrible depression|You 're very tense , you lost your mind
Spencer !|Spencer ! My Way
Days go by but you don 't change|I 'll help you get out of your current state of mind
I 'll help you get out of your current state of mind|The sixth anniversary of the historical ... 24th of March , 1976 ... when the Armed Forces took power ... to start the process of national reorganization .
Ngoon !|Here . Let me help you .
To preside over this ceremony , we have with us ... Your Excellencies , the Commanders in Chief ... of the Armed Forces .|From the Army , Lieutenant Colonel Leopoldo Fortunato Galtieri .
Why don 't you use the washing machine ?|It is cleaner to wash by hands .
Here .|Thank you , my dear .
All the time .|I couldn 't understand them .
Dad ...|I got suspended from school for a year .
Are you okay , Marita ?|Grandma ?
I got suspended from school for a year .|So I 'm going to work and travel in Europe with Noon .
Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! Oh . My God !|Oh , God . No . No . Oh , no . No . No !
May I ask you a question ?|Yes .
Yes .|Have you ever been in love ?
Oh , God . No . No . Oh , no . No . No !|I 'll be sure and let you know of some good places for you to shop . That dress is really sweet but it 's not really appropriate .
Hey guys , time for me to leave , bye . Hurry come back , ok ? Keep in touch too . Goodbye , Dad .|I probably won 't be able to call that often .
Several times ?|At least , once .
At least , once .|Are you in love , Marita ?
Are you in love , Marita ?|No , I 'm not .
Tell me .|All right .
Name , year and class .|Name , year and class .
Name , year and class .|Name , year and class !
Name , year and class !|Marita , what are you doing in here ?
I 'm checking ... that students observe the rules .|What are you talking about ? I don 't understand .
Yeah . Let me tell you .|Yeah .
What I want to say is try not to get sick .|When you go out , wear warm clothes .
Among shit and piss ?|Yes .
It 's just a request form to use the drafting room .|And you didn 't come to work , who 'd have signed it for me ?
No sound but loud , something loud . Loud nothing . And it was cold . It was so cold , Jill .|And I knew what that cold was .
It 's about you forging my signature , you don 't understand ?|You not showing up , isn 't wrong , but what I did is .
31 , 32 , 33 , 34 . It 's almost 37 !|35 .
The inside of your mouth ... the warmth of your cunt ... the warmth from inside you , Jillian .|Your warmth .
I felt it all around me .|It made me breathe .
Yes .|I was thinking about your question .
She left us her will .|Wow ... that many Thai restaurants here ? Howard is coming to pick up the rent at the end of the week . Good luck , Jai .
No .|Spencer !
Spencer .|What 's happening ?
30 pounds per day , no tip .|But you can take some food home everyday . Okay .
But you can take some food home everyday . Okay .|Can you start working tomorrow to replace Jai ? Yes , we can . Jai only told me one person will work here . I already hired someone new yesterday .
Lucky us ! They are going to the restaurant too .|Hello . Hello . I would like to apply for a job .
If you 're late , or don 't greet the customers , or wet the floor , or break any plates , and don 't smile , your pay will be cut .|Do you still want the job ? Yes . Home 's here !
Just wanted to know how you were . I found you somewhat distant . Am I wrong ? No ...|I don 't know . Maybe .
Have you found a doctor to talk to yet ?|Not yet .
In the restaurant business , everyone is like family . So call me Tom . Uh ... what happened earlier ? 'Home ' came . What does that mean ?|'Home ' means the immigration officers . So remember , when you hear " Home 's here " . There 's no need to think , just run .
No , that 's okay . You did what you had to do .|Please , forgive me if I offended you . I didn 't mean to . I should have asked you . It was wrong . No , you did the right thing . I 'm very pleased with your performance , you know ?
The signal it makes , what does it sound like ? Humans can 't hear it , dove . Humans can 't hear it at all .|Excuse me . Miss Augusta would like to see you . Oh , all right . Come on , Jackson . Augusta has summoned us to her bedside . It 's the goodnight kiss .
Call me Carlos , Marita .|Incomparable , matchless flavor ... Are the sleeves ' length okay , Susana ?
Yeah . They almost did .|What are you looking for when you look at me like that ? What are you hiding from me ?
Let 's play the game ' Pooh Sticks ' . It 's easy to play . We each hold a stick and drop it at the same time . Whoever stick gets to the other side first is the winner .|Retarded game !
Well , that 's interesting .|What ? Well , wait . I 'm not sure .
Any news ?|No , Mr. Biasutto . All right . You know perseverance is the key .
I know I should 've but ...|A few years ago , after my parents died , I ...
Hey ...|You won . Of course I won . My stick is lighter . It would go faster .
How bad , Jillian ?|I would see people I knew .
And the free people of the world reply|We salute the great people of Argentina
I would see them dead .|And sometimes , I ...
Well , according to the theory , it should .|Who said ? Galileo said . If you drop the same objects from the same height , even though the weights are different , the objects will reach the ground at the same time if there 's no wind blowing them . Come on , at the count of two .
Did you seek treatment ?|Were you hospitalized ?
Marita , I need you to come with me . We have to leave , Mr. Biasutto . I have to show you something .|It 's important . I found out something that might interest you .
Not the same time , so he doesn 't think about you anymore .|I don 't really ... care anyway .
He 's the one that got me through it .|You are afraid ... that this pregnancy is going to bring all that back , right ? Yeah .
This way .|Come in .
Oh yeah ?|Dear Galileo , last night I heard the sound " Boong " , was it Cherry farting ?
Now that you know that these feelings you 've been having ... are caused by the life growing in you ... and by your body adapting to it , oh , cherish it . Okay . And if you need , call me any time , day or night .|Thank you .
Dear Galileo , last night I heard the sound " Boong " , was it Cherry farting ?|One ... Two .
Everything 's gonna be okay , isn 't it ?|Everything 's gonna be just fine , honey .
What were you doing all this time in the boys ' bathroom ?|I 've been looking for students who smoke .
I will take care of it , don 't worry . Go get some salt .|I will clean it , damn it ! Oops ! Sorry for my language . Give me , I will do it , no worry .
Am I dreaming , Spencer ?|No .
I showed them facts . They terminated my employment . They referred me to a psychiatrist . Don 't follow me .|I 've seen Streck 's autopsy report . It was a stroke . His system overloaded . His body couldn 't stand the strain . I 've seen Natalie Streck 's autopsy report as well .
I have nothing to do at home either .|Let me tell you something .
If necessary ... the people ... will punish ... those who dare touch ... one single square meter ... of our Argentine territory .|Let the world and the Americas know ... that a nation with an iron will , as the Argentine people ...
I 'm gonna rotate the panel 48 degrees . You got me ? Spencer , what is that ? Did you feel that ? Spencer , what is that ?|Oh , Jesus Christ ! What the hell is that ?
Here , just seeing a cop , I gotta run like crazy .|Just wait and see , when I save enough money , I will walk up to the police for them to arrest me .
Yes , I 've had enough !|For ten weeks not a single groschen for the rent , only promises ! I won 't return one single piece of your rags !
Well , I say !|So young , you ...
Spencer can 't know about this . But Jillian , you said he looked crazy .|You have to promise me you won 't tell Spencer . Please promise me . You can 't keep these things bottled inside you , Jillian .
Okay . If he bothers me again ...|I 'll tell Spencer , okay ? Deal ?
Say , how old are you ?|19 . 19 ?
19 . 19 ?|19 ...
19 ...|And you wanted to end it all ?
And you wanted to end it all ?|But life only begins at that age !
What 's the matter , honey ? You all right ?|I 'm just a little hot .
You mustn 't end it !|Life is beautiful ! It 's wonderful to be alive !
Feeling better ?|Yeah .
All right .|What 's wrong with you ? You ever think about what happened to Alex ? Oh , shit . What happened to Natalie ?
What 's wrong with you ? You ever think about what happened to Alex ? Oh , shit . What happened to Natalie ?|I do , all the time .
Those two minutes , you could have died .|Why do you wanna go back there ?
You can 't find this in Paris .|Here is my email address .
Pregnant with his twins ?|Natalie 's babies ...
Under these circumstances I no longer have any concerns about entrusting you to Herr Schmidt .|I also hope that you will get back your cab soon .
Do you understand me ?|The enemy prince ... after overrunning the castle ... finds the princess and forces himself upon her .
The enemy prince ... after overrunning the castle ... finds the princess and forces himself upon her .|Months later , the princess is with child .
Okay , the next song . Please welcome Noon to sing a song for us . Oh no , I can 't sing . Don 't be shy . We won 't meet each other anymore after today . Come on .|Come on . You sure ?
But whose ?|It 's either the child of her enemy ... the man that killed her husband ... the man that raped her ... in which case , she 'll kill herself and the child ... or it 's the child of her prince .
It 's either the child of her enemy ... the man that killed her husband ... the man that raped her ... in which case , she 'll kill herself and the child ... or it 's the child of her prince .|The only thing she has left of him .
A part of him still alive within her ... kept safe inside her ... in which case ...|But how would she know until it was too late ?
Let me see what are you doing ?|Just wait .
Goodbye .|Goodbye .
Yes indeed ! I invested almost all of our little capital .|Now we have to sell something , don 't we ?
Jillian , I love you , but I 'm not gonna do this with you .|Do what with me ? Come back , Nan .
20 groschen .|Hello ?
Hello ?|It 's me . I 'd like to tell you that I flout slaving any longer in your funny shop .
What 's wrong ?|Are you mad at me or something ?
Are you okay ?|It 's like a joke , right ? But if you are watching this tape , I didn 't get to that meeting . If you are watching this tape , Mrs. Armacost ... I 'm probably fucking dead !
There . I 'll give you your payment for the last week .|EMPLOYMENT REFERENCE
It 's not from Earth , either .|Two minutes , that 's all there is . That 's all it took . If you wanted to come here ... from very , very far away ... maybe you wouldn 't have to travel in a ship . Maybe you could travel in a transmission ... at the speed of light , like a thought .
Pick me up tomorrow morning at 9 o 'clock sharp . I 'll show you around the premises and give you the keys .|Goodbye .
Thanks .|How are you gals ?
Listen , I came home because I felt bad for you ... getting into that fight with Nan , you know .|Why don 't you tell me what it was about ?
Nothing but false promises ! And now there 's no money !|Come ! Our old jobs !
This is yummy ! Please make it again next time .|Hey tomorrow is your birthday , what should we do ?
You remember my birthday ? Every year you forget .|Well , how should we celebrate ? A big party maybe ?
Well , how should we celebrate ? A big party maybe ?|A party ? You 're crazy . Don 't forget we have no money .
Vanderlit !|A millionaire like that has an easy life .
Pop it in .|Oh .
Well , maybe we should watch it together .|No .
And we always gotta eat expired leftovers .|Let 's go home . We already got a returning tickets .
Switch off the radio , it 's entirely impossible to talk .|What 's your idea ? ! The whole night long you keep that sun burning ?
I don 't . I just bought a one way ticket .|How could that be ? We bought it together .
How could that be ? We bought it together .|I went to change it .
Take it off at once !|The most expensive bathing costume that we have !
Run quickly to that bank , here 's the address , and say that I 'm going to get the things from the post office !|Perhaps it 's better to inform the police .
You couldn 't find the time or you wanted to keep it as a secret ?|Why would I want to keep it a secret ?
My caterer gets them from the French Caribbean . I think the French are more advanced in this way . Don 't you think ?|Now , listen , with these , all sales are final .
Cherry , you gave our address to Tum , didn 't you ? I knew there 's no way you 'd remember my birthday !|And what is this ? What else are you backstabbing me ? Tell me everything now .
And what is this ? What else are you backstabbing me ? Tell me everything now .|Hey that is way over the top !
Very nice , very good !|Servus , Franzl !
There 's a little bit of pain and then it 's over .|Oh , God . I can 't . Oh , God .
CONTRACT|Thank you .
I can 't do it .|It 's gonna be really bad .
But when they do , you can 't even handle the truth .|You 're always like this . That 's why Tum couldn 't stand you anymore .
May I invite you to a photo shoot ? This memorable day must be recorded by a photograph .|For you , for your descendants , and for eternity . And all of it for free !
My cab ...|My cab !
Was that even a human language ? Not today , I have to hurry home .|It 's rush hour , too many people . The station is closed on Friday . So tomorrow is better .
Watch out !|Are you Thai ?
Oh , help me !|No . Don 't do that .
Regarding your offer , we inform you that the vacancy has been filled and we regret that we are unable to make use of your offer .|But only for a moment .
That 's all very well , but it 's not my fault that your husband is in hospital . My job is to collect the money . I can 't help you . If you can 't pay the sum , the cab falls back to the company . A contract is a contract . No , no , please ! No , please ! Stop that talking , I don 't have time for that ! No ! Please , please , no !|Now stop it . I will have none of it .
Let me go , I already told you it 's none of my business !|I 'm only obliged to the company ! Leave me alone , I 'm telling you for the last time ! What do you want from me ?
No , you heard them . Oh , God . What were you gonna do ?|Nothing .
Let me take care of this . One moment of silence , please !|Listen to me ! Here one has to help ! And as today is payday , we are paying that instalment ! All right ?
Nothing .|No . No !
No . No . No .|Jill , please .
He is French .|Roberto from Colombia .
Previously on Z Nation . They 're my friends . What kind of game you wanna play You wanna play patty cakes ? Hide and seek . What are you doing ?|Lucy !
Lucy !|We 'll find you ! Don 't be afraid darling !
Some water ? Yes .|Hot or cold ? Cold . Well , let it cool then .
Hot or cold ? Cold . Well , let it cool then .|There 's no water and electricity . How do you live like this ?
Addy !|Look what we can do .
She thinks you 're my mom . She thinks ?|Hey , Lucy .
I love you so much .|I don 't know what I 'd do if anything happened to you or the babies .
Is everything okay ? Did The Man hurt you ?|Where is he ? Where 's The Man ?
I don 't know what I 'd do if anything happened to you or the babies .|Now , you just keep quiet and you rest . I 'm here with you .
Now , you just keep quiet and you rest . I 'm here with you .|I 'm always gonna be here , Jill . Always .
You sleep .|Good girl .
How much ?|2,000 Euro . What ?
There 's going to be a party . Selling beer and tickets , and hosting an exhibition . I am an event organizer .|Do you need extra help ?
Good girl .|Let 's go . No one 's going anywhere .
 Addy ! Get up ! Run !| Addy ! Come on !
Do you need extra help ?|Of course .
No .|I know you don 't want that .
Just walk away . I could say the same thing for you . Why is she so important to you anyway ? I dunno . Maybe it 's got something to do with her being the savior of humanity .|And what , may I ask , has this humanity ever done for you ?
How are you ?|I am okay .
Me too .|From now on we must not be mad at each other over a day , ok ?
Addy !| Lucy .
What ... ? What the hell are you doing ? Let go of me !|Nan . Jillian ! Help !
Addy !|Lucy ?
Cause of death has been determined to have been a massive stroke .|What the surgeons are calling a severe insult to the brain . He 's not your husband anymore . He 's not .
Jillian !|Jillian !
Isn 't it easier to just buy it ?|Easier , but all you get to do is eat it .
And what 's the difference ?|You get to fish too .
Who am I ?|I 'm the only person in the world who ever gave a fuck about you .
I 'm every single fucking moment ever mattered in your life .|No , you 're not .
No , you 're not .|I don 't even know you .
No , no , no .|I can 't find anything that isn 't too big or too small .
I can 't find anything that isn 't too big or too small .|Ooh , what about this ?
And you cried . You remember that ?|Well , fucking A ! I did it !
No , you didn 't .|You 're not Spencer .
You 're not Spencer .|It don 't gotta be like this . Honey , come on , now . Step out of that water .
It don 't gotta be like this . Honey , come on , now . Step out of that water .|Please , baby , get out of that water .
There you go .|What is this ? That 's called a medieval torture device . What 's a medieval torture device ? Umm , it 's when you want to hurt somebody really really badly . What 's it doing in here ? We 'll go over sarcasm later . That 's a thing that women used to wear . Some probably do actually still .
Are you free today ? Yes , it 's my day off , so I want to help .|Cherry is here to help too .
You killed my sister .|You killed my husband .
Yeah .|I did .
Don 't lie . I have evidence .|Count to three then jump on the train .
Were you her best friend ?|Something like that , yeah . She was a warrior queen . Yes , she was . Pretty much .
1 ... 2 ... 3 !|Cherry , If we get caught by the cops , what should we do ?
Cherry , If we get caught by the cops , what should we do ?|Getting caught isn 't an option .
I am sorry , I will not do it ever again . If I get away just this once , I will never do it again . I am sorry .|Let 's get off at the next station .
Dead dead .|I 'm sorry , honey .
I 'm sorry , honey .|She 's not dead .
No .|You 're their father now .
Lucy , Warren mercied her .|I was there . Stop saying she 's dead ! You don 't know everything .
I was there . Stop saying she 's dead ! You don 't know everything .|I 'm special . That means she was special . My dad wouldn 't let her die . He wouldn 't ! Lucy . She 's not dead !
You made us wait , Bertrand . It 's not my fault . We 're missing dollies . " Not my fault ... " If we all said that ... You made everyone late , not I. Okay . Let 's go . Let 's have some music .|We 're on .
We 're on .|We 're celebrating my Legion of Honor tonight . Did you know ?
Yes , we were so close to getting caught .|If they did , we would be sent back home , right ?
You 're invited .|Champagne before bedtime is an offer one can 't refuse .
You 're twelve , or five . How old are you exactly ? I don 't know . Ask my mom .|Okay , well you 're old enough .
It seemed like she didn 't even care about me .|Well , you both were wrong , who else is there to blame ?
Why do you have to talk to me like that ? Well , isn 't it true ? If you didn 't want to do it , no one can force you to , right ? But if you choose to , then it is also your fault as well .|Have you ever sneaked on the train ?
What about when you have no money ? Then I just walk and enjoy the view , it 's relaxing that way .|Have you toured all around Paris ?
But zombies don 't hurt me .|We didn 't know that then .
I hate that shit as much as you do .|OK , let 's go .
Well , I 've got to go to work .|You mean , to go chopping veggies and pork ?
It 's weird . Many people are dying to come here , but they can 't . You have made it all the way here , but are stuck in a kitchen .|What if I take you out for a day .
And we go wherever we want .|Are you in ?
I can 't . I can 't anymore . One last time , please .|Please .
Please .|I 'll wait for you .
I asked how often ?|Not often .
They don 't know any better because they don 't know anything|There 's no brain in there . There 's not a person anymore . Do you understand ?
There he is . I 'll go congratulate him .|I 'm very pleased to have sold you my shares and recruited you on our staff .
Car on the fritz ?|Can I take you home ?
It 's her real name .|And she 's in love with Nick .
I 'm pleased with the champagne I chose .|Expensive , but ... That 's the mark of great champagne .
Expensive , but ... That 's the mark of great champagne .|Strong presence and lightness at the same time .
Why did you make that face ?|It is kind of dry .
You be quiet , or I 'll shut your mouth for you . You understand ?|Hey !
Hey !|Hey ! I hurt !
I said hey !|Did you just hit me , little girl ?
I say that , yet I was raised by my mother .|And how 's your love life these days ?
Here , it 's warm .|It 's hot , I just want it warm .
Don 't bite .|I need chocolate .
I like coming across an oasis . Or so people say . I mean , if you should ever want to ... I love that music .|There 's that Cuban bar ... That plays bossa nova .
Fine . Chocolate .|Next time , you should just do what I say .
There 's that Cuban bar ... That plays bossa nova .|That no one can resist . It 's a love call . An atmosphere .
If the rocks reach the water at the same time , then your wish will come true .|Make a wish first .
Good night .|Enjoy your vacation . Sleep well . And if you ever feel like it ... I 'm kidding !
Did you forget anything ?|We see each other at work ... But we never take time to get to know each other . You really look great . Thank you . I 'd like you to leave , now .
What did you wish for ?|I 'm not telling .
My turn .|Make a wish first ?
Delphine , it 's me . Open up .|Open up , please .
No , you 're not dying . You 're just ... growing up .|Lucy ?
What details ? I 'm filing a complaint for rape . Do you know what rape is ? What more can I say ?|You know who 's guilty . Just do your job . Had you had any drinks ? At the reception ?
See , you 're fine .|Let 's go .
He went to the bathroom . I was in the living room . He came back . He saw me drinking . He helped himself without asking .|Then he started talking . I was hoping he 'd leave , but I was too tired . I thought he 'd have his drink and leave . At least that 's what I wanted .
That 's it ! I am not staying in Paris just to be cooped up in the kitchen !|Cherry .
When he came back to surprise you , how much time had elapsed ?|I ... I don 't know . A few minutes . I heard the door close .
Get out of here .|Lucy .
Cherry , the customer at that table said she is your friend .|Hey !
Hi Dad , it 's me .|Umm ... haven 't heard from you for awhile .
They 're ready .|What ?
He threw you on the floor .|He slapped me and I fell . I hit the tub hard . You didn 't stop him ?
It 's very cold .|Then wear warm clothes , okay ? Don 't forget to use thick blankets while sleeping too .
What 's that , buddy ?|Put it in gear .
There 's no need to send me money , you know .|I still have some .
Why did you wait two weeks before filing a complaint ? I already told the other inspector : I thought I 'd be OK . And now I 'm filing a complaint . Of course . But now it 'll be difficult to ascertain there was constraint . Are you aware of that ?|Do you live on your own ?
Do you live on your own ?|I 'm separated from the father of my son . I live alone . I didn 't go back ...
I 'm staying at a hotel . My son is coming home this weekend . That 's why I waited .|Do you have a boyfriend ? I said I live alone . When was your last sexual relation ?
Don 't .|How did you do that ?
It 's leaning a bit , right ? Like the Leaning Tower of Pisa ?|Yeah .
Yeah .|You are good at this , huh ?
 No !|Addy !
Addy !|Addy ! Lucy !
Now I 'm scared all the time .|This isn 't normal .
Not yet .|I 'll go one there day .
I 'll have to take pictures .|Have you lost weight ?
I didn 't do anything wrong so there 's nothing to admit .|Nothing wrong ? You forged your teacher 's signature .
No marks .|Of course after 15 days they 've already faded . You should have filed your complaint right away .
Why in April ? To play Songkran water festival . I want to celebrate your birthday with Galileo .|Let 's go there !
Must be a fast talker .|Glad I don 't owe you any money .
I 'll look at your back .|How can you keep on working ? Ah , here 's a bruise . I 'll take a picture .
Okay Dad . I have to go . I will call you again .|When are you leaving ?
When are you leaving ?|Soon .
Soon .|How soon ?
I 'll take care of this thing . I always do .|I think I can live with that .
Afraid that I will send you off ?|I 'm afraid that I 'll change my mind .
I 've done something stupid .|A pregnant girl 's blackmailing you ?
Hello .|Can I talk to Mrs. Naruemol ... Mom went shopping .
Gloria ! You 'll just have to do the whole damn thing over again next month . I hope not , Mr Harshaw .|What was the fire down there ? The gin ?
No . Hamburger joint this side of it .|Maybe I 'll go take a look . How about hangin ' around while I go to lunch ? Sure . As soon as I get back from mine .
But we work in the same clinic . I see him every day . Take a few days off . Go on sick leave .|Sorry ? A colleague rapes me and I should stop working ? Give him my patients ? Is that what you 're saying ?
Well , I hope I didn 't keep you waiting .|I guess I have to learn how not to take a crap when the sirens go off .
In most cases , the rapist is close to the victim .|A father , a brother , a cousin , a neighbor ... Someone at work . So of course , no one believes you .
Who knows ?|If you want to know , you gotta try .
It 's crazy . Why do I always feel as if I 'm missing the point ? It 's getting worse and worse . When is the last time we spoke ? Over six months .|Do you really think it 's the right time for this ? Of course not . I 'm sorry , Delphine . You 're so aloof .
Hello , sweetheart .|Is something wrong ? Delphine was ...
Of course .|Of course .
Of course .|Always happy to welcome a new customer .
Then I will call .|Do you want to try on Gondola ?
Do you want to try on Gondola ?|Of course , but it is way too expensive .
I got an idea .|We buy more boxes like this . And then we sell some of our own boxes . That is cheating . We won 't do a lot . Just ten boxes a day . Fabrizio won 't get any poorer .
We don 't see each other often , so try to make an effort . As if you make an effort ... If you want to see me , why send me at dad 's place ? Whaddya think ? That I 'm glad to be 500 km away from my friends ? In this hole ?|Well I 'm not .
When I want a job cleaning ' cars , I 'll get one . That may be a lot sooner than you think , the rate you 're going . What are you , anyway ? 35 ? 36 ? Huh ?|Around there . Well , you sure as hell haven 't set the world on fire so far , or you wouldn 't be hangin around a place like this . Yeah , but I got ambition .
Here . You pick the movie and it 's on you . Dare you !|It 's uncle Marc .
But we get away with it every time . Don 't be chicken . It is not about getting away with it . It is wrong .|Okay , then I will do it myself . Tomorrow , you sell the ice cream for me .
Please , this is the last time .|Just this time , okay ?
Well , now . How do you reckon to accomplish that ? Sheer willpower .|In this life , you gotta take what you want . You damn sure can 't stand around and wait for somebody to give it to you . " Gotta take what you want . " That 's good . I like that .
We 'd like to question you concerning a complaint for rape , filed against you , by Delphine Odier . On April 9 , 2008 .|Madame Odier , surgeon , states that you raped her on the evening of March 24 , 2008 , in her Limoges residence . Come , now . Is that all ?
Mr Harshaw 's gone for the weekend . Huntin ' . Said he needed the rest . Yeah , and I got a notion from what . I met her yesterday . Mr Harshaw met her in a real small town .|Huntin ' trip , I think it was .
Do you know the plaintiff ?|I do and up until now I thought she was a colleague of mine . Do you remember the evening of March 24 ?
Hi .|Well , come on in .
You have to promise me , we won 't cheat anyone anymore !|Promise .
Noon !|Noon !
Of course that may look strange . " Miss , I 'm about to rape you , but first , let me put a condom . " Ridiculous . This whole thing is ridiculous .|When I make love , I 'm a sensible man and a responsible husband . Very well .
Venice , Italy .|Right now it is 11.18 pm in Thailand .
In situations like that , underwear 's often torn off .|When you go at it on a bathroom floor ... you go full throttle , or you stay at home . We were very excited . Both of us . And then ? And then ? We smiled and said goodbye . I didn 't feel like I had just raped someone . Then why did Delphine Odier file a complaint ?
When you go at it on a bathroom floor ... you go full throttle , or you stay at home . We were very excited . Both of us . And then ? And then ? We smiled and said goodbye . I didn 't feel like I had just raped someone . Then why did Delphine Odier file a complaint ?|I don 't know .
Maybe it picks up on Saturday night . Yeah , it does . They show two vampire operas at the movies instead of one .|I could buy a TV .
Today is Christmas , the 117th day of our journey .|Today I am lonely , really ... damn lonely .
I 'm sorry . ... that I said bad things to you .|I 'm sorry that I made you mad .
That 's where the pool was gonna go . George said I could have one if I was good .|But ... he said his family hadn 't had one and what was good enough for them was good enough for us .
Empty your pockets , monsieur Gallet .|You must be joking .
I got it !|What ... more graceful . One more time .
Did you really draw this ?|You 're with a guy and now you 're suddenly an animal lover ! Who got a double chin ? 1 ... 2 ... 3 !
Monsieur Gallet .|Empty your pockets .
If you forgive me , I 'll make it up to you . Yeah ? How ? Breakfast in bed ?|That sounds like dessert . Mmm .
Bad boy .|Bad , bad boy .
Bad , bad boy .|I 'm going to bed . You can let yourself out .
Thank you very much . Man on PA : Thank you , Nora and Lisa , for that interesting version of " The Show Must Go On . " And the show will go on , but I think we better have a little break first . So , Peter , get yourself ready , and first , here 's some other music .|Still got it , babe .
I 'm sorry about the other day .|I must 've had the book open to the wrong place . Oh , please .
When I say , " stop " , I mean , " stop " . Of course , if you stay " stop " ... What if I insist ...|Stop it ...
All right , do you want me to ask Liam if there are any shifts in the ' caf ? Yeah , go on . Thanks , babe . Thought I 'd buy you girls a drink for singing that nice song . Yeah , no , it 's all right . We got some .|Look at that .
What do you say we forget about the whole thing ? Start over . Make friends .|How about tonight ? Wanna go for a ride ?
Don 't worry . Everything 's going to be fine .|I understand the judge is going to release Maxime Gallet . Under certain restrictions . We have no evidence against him , counselor . Madame Odier ...
" Was " ? Yeah , she died .|It was a bad time . Spunky . Hey ! Look who 's waitin ' here !
Well ...|Well , what ?
Nora ? Babe , you here ?|I come in peace .
Well , don 't you ever knock ?|Only when I 'm not expected .
Only when I 'm not expected .|You were expected all right .
Marc Renaud was my lover . Why didn 't you tell me ? That 's a major point .|How long have you seen each other ? Does your sister know ?
How long have you seen each other ? Does your sister know ?|This could change everything .
But Delphine Odier won 't have any of it . None at all . She resists . She turns him down . And Gallet can 't stand it . So he forces his way . Fuck !|Do you think it 's inevitable ? What is ?
All right . Nor , come on . It 's going to be okay . Yeah .|I 'll call you tonight .
Can I help you ? Can I see my sister ? She 's busy at the moment . Well , can you tell her I 'm here ? I can , but I doubt she 'll be able to see you . You should have called first . Just tell her I 'm here .|Shannon : Yes , Max ? Your sister 's here . Send her in . Okay .
Thank you .|Madame Odier , have you ever been attracted by monsieur Gallet ?
She can see you now . Great . Thanks .|Stupid bitch .
I am .|Haven 't played a game in ages .
Did you have full intercourse with monsieur Gallet ?|Monsieur Gallet , how did you end up in madame Odier 's bathroom ? After hearing this , I don 't even feel like responding ...
What 's my batting average always been for stayin ' out of trouble when it 's baited with this much tramp ?|Even zero .
You didn 't have to do that . You can do better than him . He just wanted to talk to me . You 've got to learn to say no . I 'm a grown woman . I can look after myself . That 's not what I hear .|Come on . Let 's not argue .
How are you feeling ?|My head hurts . You have a bad concussion and a broken wrist . Other than that , you 'll be fine .
My head hurts . You have a bad concussion and a broken wrist . Other than that , you 'll be fine .|My friend ?
Wanna look at mine ?|You can come up real close and get a real good look .
Sorry . I must look awful . I don 't know , you always did look good in tracksuits . Oh , yeah ?|Thanks for coming . I should have come before . That 's all right . Come sit down .
Thanks for coming . I should have come before . That 's all right . Come sit down .|It 's grown . By the time I get out , it 'll be down to my knees .
He wants to keep some control , so he sold her his shares . Go figure what these two must be up to ... The master and his pupil .|Thirty years difference . Disgusting .
How much longer have you got ?|18 months , but Shannon thinks I can be out in a year if I behave myself .
18 months , but Shannon thinks I can be out in a year if I behave myself .|Well , there 's no chance , then .
I 'm going to trial , Henri . I 'm sure of winning . There 's no way I 'll let her fuck with me . No pun intended .|Thank you . I don 't like it . I 've never seen her like that . She never spoke about going on sick leave before . Perhaps it 's a misunderstanding we can still settle ... We 'll settle nothing . She went too far . She wants war . She 'll get it . This is serious . Very serious .
Look , you need anything ? I 'd love to hear some of your new music . Maybe you could burn me a CD or something . Yeah ? Yeah . I miss hearing you play .|I miss you .
Even rabbits deserve a good laugh now and then .|It 's beautiful , isn 't it ?
Harry .|Do you wanna see my birthday cake ?
Look , I 've been to the cemetery . I left some flowers for you . Thanks .|So you seeing someone , then ?
It 's your birthday ? Seriously ?|Well !
I 'm 36 .|Well .
This is Dr. Odier . I 'm looking for someone who may know Magalie Vol . Yes . Magalie Vol . Yes , I 'll hold .|At the hospital , all surgeons are behind me .
Sometimes you can judge a book by its cover .|I 'll see you .
You 'll end up in court , Maxime . I can 't stand this innuendo , everywhere , all the time . What innuendo ? Everyone knows she 's making things up . Morand and the board are all on my side .|Stop it with that TV .
Woman : Nora .|Wake up .
Come .|Come .
Shannon : She was clearly provoked . Woman : Miss Parker was in hospital for two days with a broken nose and severe concussion . And my sister 's been in solitary confinement for over three days without an official hearing . Did you even question Nora before segregating her ? She was hardly in a fit enough state to be questioned . She 's a danger to herself and to others . In the sixth months that she 's been here , she 's shown no violent tendencies and has an immaculate record . Everyone has a breaking point , Ms. Gallagher . Let 's discuss what could have provoked the incident .|Records from Karen Parker 's stay at Highpoint .
And what did the prosecutor say about Magalie ?|There 's no other recourse ?
It sure sound like him . He got a kind of a bleep , like a tea kettle .|OK , Uncle Mort . Thank you .
Tom went back to his father . He prefers that Tom stay with him until this thing blows over . He says this might disturb him , and create problems for me .|Anyhow , I prefer that Tom stay with his father .
Isn 't that a bit expensive ? Does Dad need a TV this big ? He won 't even know all the functions . If it has fewer options than the one he has , what 's the point ?|Listen ... I can 't spend that much money ... I can 't afford to .
I just think I need a fresh start . He 's really been looking forward to seeing you .|He 's missed you so much .
He 's missed you so much .|Where are you going to stay , then ? David said I could stay with him for a few days . Just till I find somewhere new . I 'd hardly call David a fresh start . Please , Shannon . I don 't want to fight . Well , neither do I , babe , but , look , I just don 't understand .
What 's going on ? What happened ? It 's Marc . He 's in intensive care . He had a car accident . The doctors say he 'll be OK .|It 's my fault ... I 've been such a pain , lately .
This is all that was left in the car . Thank you . So ...|Sign here .
It was the year Mom died .|I 'd stayed home from school . Well , that narrows it down .
Harshaw Motors .|Hello ?
I 'm glad you 're here .|Me , too .
Yeah ?|Do you want me to take you over ?
What do you have to see me about ? Well , now I 've heard everything .|Well , if that 's all it is ... let 's get on with it .
Well , if that 's all it is ... let 's get on with it .|If we hurry , maybe we can catch the next train home .
The court is in session .|Bring the defendant .
Therefore , Maxime Gallet is acquitted .|Disgusting . That 's disgusting !
Over there is ... Animal Village !|Animal
Those bastards , locking you up like that , like some kind of animal . I was in there for a reason , Dad . Lisa was an accident . You didn 't mean to hurt anyone . Sometimes we do things we don 't mean to and other people pay the price .|Well you did your time . I hope you can let it go now .
At night is my older sister so you can visit too .|Staying open 24 hours that 's so modern .
Staying open 24 hours that 's so modern .|You must be our new resident Miss Ai am I right ? Yes ! I 'm Kotobuki the mayor . Let me help you remember I 'm Kotobuki the mayor .
This winter we 'll be having another election .|Mayor Kotobuki is always worrying about it . Election ? For the mayor ?
And if I don 't , then I don 't think I 'm going to make it .|So was it lonely when Mom died ?
So why did he go huntin ' today ? He always overdoes it when he 's sick .|He practically can 't help himself .
I see ! I see !|I am really touched to have Miss Ai supporting me within the Animal Village .
The doctor says if he has another one , it 'll kill him .|So what has that got to do with me ? Anything at all too exciting ' will just kill him .
I look the most like her , though , don 't I ?|Shannon looks more like you . Is that what you 've come round here for , to torture me about your mother ? Because if it is , you can leave now .
I need you to start working right away .|Work ?
Harry !|Harry !
The strain of your accident has nearly killed your sister .|I 'm sorry , Dad . That 's not going to work anymore .
There 's still a lot left to be delivered so I want you to come back right away !|An uphill challenge .
I can 't be left alone !|Help me , Harry .
Don 't take her away from me .|Tell me why you did it .
Hell , no . I don 't want that .|But if I was pregnant with your child , I 'd show you what I 'd do about that .
It 's not the falling down , honey .|It 's the climb back up .
Hey you custard or tiramisu which do you prefer ?|As for me I like them both !
Who 's that ? Wait ! Wait up !|Ninja ? Why 's that ?
I 'm sorry .|Please forgive me .
I heard you were out .|Yeah .
Are you OK ?|Remember ... I started to tell you about ... about the girl that I grew up with ?
And Sutton drove her to it . He did it .|She was my sister , Harry .
Don 't ask me to forgive you , because I can 't .|You understand ?
He 'll be all right . He 's got you , hasn 't he ? And you 've got me .|I love you . I love you .
Smile . You don 't seem very pleased .|I just hope they keep their promises . It 's the law . Idiots like me are here to enforce it .
I just hope they keep their promises . It 's the law . Idiots like me are here to enforce it .|THREE YEARS LATER THE GOVERNMENT HAS CHANGED BUT NOTHING ELSE HAS ...
Tomorrow I 'll be waiting !|That was a long first day .
That was a long first day .|That 's it there .
Sutton was there . He 'd been there the whole time , takin ' pictures of us .|He said to Irene he had real pictures now .
THREE YEARS LATER THE GOVERNMENT HAS CHANGED BUT NOTHING ELSE HAS ...|DISTRICT 13 ULTIMATUM
You look like you 're in shape . Gotta keep fit .|You !
And he asked for more . He kept comin ' back and I just ... I couldn 't catch up after a while . I 'm gonna tell Mr Harshaw .|I don 't want Sutton to tell him .
I don 't deserve a cage . It ain 't a cage , comrade . Look ...|You go where you want here .
For you .|I 'm Yu from the nearby village . I often come here to play .
You a tough guy , huh ? No . You 're the tough guy .|I 'm worse .
Molko , it 's a farm . Has been forever . They forgot their fine promises . The government reneged on a promise ?|That 's a total outrage !
Mr. Apollo ?|Wait ! Wait wait !
OK , you 're good .|Go through .
The goods have arrived . Shall I call the first client ?|Get the chicks out .
You like pictures , huh ? You like these pictures ? You got your goddamn pictures .|Come see me , Harry . I 'll meet you anywhere .
Well by the looks of it ...|You didn 't do it on purpose .
Go and see the master .|Dance for me .
I already do .|Not yet .
Tell him in person , sir .|On your knees . If you wanna earn it , you gotta work for it .
I 'd have gone for Rotten Dog , but a fishing term 's more appropriate . Fishing ? Don 't worry , you 'll soon see .|Chill , gentlemen .
Gloria Harper . Huh ?|He ought to get real smart and marry her .
Chill , gentlemen .|Hygiene inspection .
George , I 'm so tired .|Why don 't you pour us both a drink ?
I can 't believe I would be mistaken for Apollo . We are definately not as eccentric as him .|Forgive me . But you know Apollo used to be such a friendly person . Well that was before he started to try and take off from the village .
Move .|Gentlemen , after you .
Move .|Look up .
Don 't you feel well , George ? Well , maybe Momma can make it all better .|There we go .
I 'm fuckin ' you to death , George .|Aagh !
Don 't pay no mind to the way my face looks . I fell out of bed .|What 's on your mind ?
Like perpetual motion , huh ? Trade in the car you don 't own for one you can 't pay for .|Kinda had my eye on that Lincoln out front .
Who 's this guy ?|Who 's the tranny ?
Course , I hang around with a more female type of woman myself .|Set your ass down . I ain 't real happy with my new face , mister . Sit down .
Set your ass down . I ain 't real happy with my new face , mister . Sit down .|Now , let 's talk about the money .
I say to myself I really shouldn 't eat them but then I stuff my face with them all . That 's just like me . I mean if you 're not going to eat them they will just be left in the refrigerator . As time passes you forget about them and it only leads to tragedy . Yes yes .|I believe thinking about things is also a talent . Only because it would be a waste not to eat the food . You have to keep using them or your talents may become rusty .
I believe thinking about things is also a talent . Only because it would be a waste not to eat the food . You have to keep using them or your talents may become rusty .|Keep using them ?
Keep using them ?|So you see by helping you I was also able to help myself .
Hands on your head !|In position !
How do I know you 'll go ?|You don 't . You 're just gonna have to trust me .
My name is Sally .|Mother . I seem to be getting used to life in Animal village .
In position !|Inside , guys ! Keep close together !
Oh , that 's good .|Oh , baby !
Reinforced !|Cut the damn gas !
Cut the damn gas !|Found ii !
Harry ! Phone call !|I 'll be right back .
Have we met ?|No time to get acquainted .
Show them in .|Gentlemen ...
Nice piece of work . Magnificent .|How long to build a tower like that ? Depends on employment law . In the Emirates , eight months . Here , eight years .
Bianca always looks lovely !|Do you know the rumor going around that Bianca and Apollo were a couple ?
Mr Harshaw 's dead .|Harry , I never got a chance to tell him . It 's OK , baby . It 's OK .
Do you know the rumor going around that Bianca and Apollo were a couple ?|You mean that Apollo ? Yep the owner of the garden you messed up Apollo . Don 't remind me ... It seems Apollo is still mad at me .
I can 't believe that grumpy old man and Bianca were a couple .|Bouquet don 't spread rumors around too much .
I have a few things I wanna go over with her .|I don 't think that 's a good idea , baby .
I don 't think that 's a good idea , baby .|Harry .
Harry .|We have so much to look forward to .
Bouquet don 't spread rumors around too much .|And what about you ? Infatuated with that box when are we going to swim ? I 'll be done in a ' sec . We haven 't even taken a dip once today !
The briefcase .|Same again for the site .
Same again for the site .|Double when we get permission to build . The operation starts tonight .
Gloria , I want you to promise me something .|We 're going to the Caribbean .
Right ?|Cherry pie ?
God , you look beautiful .|Thank y 'all for comin ' .
Cherry pie ?|All done !
Sorry .|I repeat , White Peugeot , shopping center , D7 . 134 . We 'll take it . OK , 134 .
At least he didn 't suffer much .|He was in the hospital unconscious for almost 24 hours . I heard him out in the hall up there and ...
He was in the hospital unconscious for almost 24 hours . I heard him out in the hall up there and ...|I guess he must have started downstairs for somethin ' and ... he just fell all the way to the bottom .
So I ran to him and ... I was so scared . Half out of my mind , really .|And then I fell too ...
And then I fell too ...|Mr Madox , don 't you feel well ?
What are they doing here ?|We haven 't done anything .
Well , I know you been wonderin ' . About the business , I mean . I wanted you to know right away that ... I have no intention of selling ' out .|George thought a great deal of both of you and ... I want to try to carry on just the same because it 's what he would have wanted .
Since you 're in charge now , Mr Madox , I think you should read it .|And you too , Miss Harper , if he thinks you should .
Sally 's designs are almost ready . Let 's definately wear them to K.K. Slider 's next live ! You betcha ' ! Thank you .|Ai . Bouquet .
This 'll make the evening news . We 're not on the news yet . Gimme the tape .|Samir !
I understand , Mrs Harshaw .|Of course .
Got it ! Finally an ammonite fossil get !|Just by a thread now our collection is complete !
They 've got balls .|If one gets out , he 's dead .
So .|If there isn 't anything else , y 'all don 't mind if I leave , do you ?
You 've got the wrong man .|Damien Tomasso . Army captain assigned to special forces . 31 years old .
He wasn 't even at the fire .|You told him .
Damien Tomasso . Army captain assigned to special forces . 31 years old .|What are you looking for ?
I think so ...|You think so ? Actually it was such a long time ago .
I can 't watch it .|Georges , explain yourself . For six months , you 've boasted of great results .
Mr President , we can 't have men in every parking lot . Spare me the line about budget cuts .|We spent 500 million on the inner cities . Surely we can expect some improvement .
What 's that ?|Waterfall !
This incident doesn 't reflect our efforts on the ground . What , then ?|I think it 's an isolated case , A score to settle maybe .
Well , where did you get that from ?|It must have dropped out of your coat .
Damn it , Freddie , they 've had 300 out of me already ... but that was months ago . And now they 're going to sue you for the rest .|Oh , Monty , how could you ? How could I what ? I had the money put aside , and then I hadn 't . Something else came up .
Don 't you think it 's a crime to buy things and not pay for them ? Not if you pay in the end . Fellows I know haven 't paid their tailors for 20 years . This is different .|And if you don 't sit ... they 'll have to be sent back . That 's all there is about it .
Ai that 's great ! You know so much ! No I heard about it from Futo earlier . Futo says his dream is to one day complete the display at the museum . Well then let 's make that dream come true !|Gosh darn it !
Oh , Monty !|Oh , come on now , Freddie . It isn 't as bad as all that . It is .
Gosh darn it !|Yu you alright ? Darn . These rocks look like they are crumbling .
Go back to your buddies ! Fast ! Tell ' em it 's not our fault either . What 's he doing ?|Get lost ! Go on !
They see the cops arrive .|I zoomed in to get a look at them ... and I saw that ...
That 's ?|I ... can 't seem to get the fossil 's image out of my mind .
Well , what are we going to do ?|I 'll tell you .
Pick up .|Leito ? it 's Damien . I 'm in the shit . I need you to help .
Long ago I performed in front of the station But now on Saturday nights I perform live at the Pigeon 's Roost .|Thank you for coming to listen tonight .
Are there any requests ?|K.K. ' s Rhythm please !
I got set up . If you could come and get me , it 'd be cool .|Two hours before I 'm sent God knows where , a local Guantanamo , but less fun . Drop the phone .
Two hours before I 'm sent God knows where , a local Guantanamo , but less fun . Drop the phone .|Hey , guys .
A wave a splash a ripple|At the flows end what shall be ?
At the flows end what shall be ?|A present found on the seashore
Not tonight of all nights .|The birth of a child in our family is normally an occasion for rejoicing , particularly if it should be a boy .
The birth of a child in our family is normally an occasion for rejoicing , particularly if it should be a boy .|After all , a new male Forsyte is potentially an asset , a piece of property not to be sneezed at .
That way|You 'll have Somehow have made it become
Yours ? Yes . I had to do something . Yesterday was a long day .|I like it . I like it very much .
It seems to be|Thank you .
Thank you .|Everyone thank you .
No , sir .|You lost him with three units ? He 's incredibly agile . Unbelievable . Next time , ask him for lessons .
I felt a little embarassed . K.K. ' s Rhythm . It was like he was singing out to me . I know it ! I know it ! That feeling ! I want to taste it too .|Not that .
He lost it . The pressure got to him . And his gun went off . Tell his mother that .|Clear out ! Evacuate !
My very own cherry pie . What 's that ?|Really ?
Mayor .|The name 's Kotobuki !
Don 't wake him up .|Is the doctor gone ? And he says you 're a good brave girl , but ought n 't you to be getting some sleep ? Come on . I am not tired at all now .
Is the doctor gone ? And he says you 're a good brave girl , but ought n 't you to be getting some sleep ? Come on . I am not tired at all now .|Oh , Jo , it 's wonderful .
The jerk ! Get him on the floor ! Don 't move !|Open Door 14 .
You took your time .|I 'll come back later if you want .
And what 's more , he enjoys being alive .|He 's sort of jolly about it all . So it should be .
He 's sort of jolly about it all . So it should be .|Oh , darling , that 's an idea .
Oh , darling , that 's an idea .|You know he 's the fifth Jolyon ... I know .
You know he 's the fifth Jolyon ... I know .|You want to call him Jolly . Well , Jolly .
Don 't tell me you didn 't hear ? In order to become a designer Sally is moving away .|Ai !
We 'll be waiting for your next visit !|Why is there a hole here !
Jolly . You don 't think he 'll mind . I mean , when he grows up ? I don 't see why .|People have the oddest names . Especially in England .
Now this looks splendid eh Cyrano ? Stop laughing and help me out ! A real man isn 't so quick to ask for help from others .|Your friend is in trouble here !
What about Wolfgang , and Kurt and Sigmund , if you please ? I grant you those . But what about Soames ? There 's a name .|And Swithin.And what about Jolyon ? All right , I surrender .
Unfortunately , time is a luxury we don 't have .|Mr Gassman , what do you recommend ?
Something this easy in one go !|Was this a success ? That was cool !
What other news ?|Some good , some bad . Which will you have first ?
Gentlemen ?|What do you say to that ?
The good .|The doctor bought the drawing I did yesterday . oh , he 's a kind man .
Please go ahead .|Thank you .
Thank you .|I am sure that Sally is listening to this same song right now .
Remember , we 're here to protect the people and their interests , and to make sure our values of liberty , equality and fraternity are respected in this country . It 's what you might call the bottom line of our Republic .|Your proposal is to walk all over ii. ls that the idea ?
Your proposal is to walk all over ii. ls that the idea ?|Thank you .
She never said a word about moving . Master you heard ? ! Bianca you also knew about it !|I thought
We were friends !|Ah silly .
General ...|Proceed with evacuation .
You are more silly than you look .|If you thought you had a bond as a lady then you do without a doubt .
You can go .|Look behind you .
What 'll I do ? Satisfy your coffee tab anytime you like . Thank you .|A bond between women is lovely yes ?
Four cops shot by undercover guys , the car in a truck ... And dumped in D13 .|You 're as sharp as ever . And then ? Light the powder keg , it explodes .
I 'm sure it won 't . It can 't last .|Well , what then ? Another divorce ? Another scandal ?
What is it ? Wendell is having so much fun eating I was thinking . When you 're starving you become sad .|And when you 're sad you become hungry .
Would you wish it ?|I don 't know .
And when you 're sad you become hungry .|Have some .
Yes !|Miss Ai right ? A letter . Yes .
Just like old times ?|OK , old times .
But I knew if I told you directly I would start to cry .|Even I would Cry .
More people , less conspicuous .|Now what do we do ?
They have the power to choose , as we all have .|If they choose to degrade themselves , to behave like animals , they do so with their eyes open , facing the consequences . You 're hard . Realistic . Well , I can 't blame you .
If they choose to degrade themselves , to behave like animals , they do so with their eyes open , facing the consequences . You 're hard . Realistic . Well , I can 't blame you .|Passion ... it 's a strange thing , no accounting for it .
I knew my friend Ai who always supported me would understand .|Please forgive my selfishness .
Where are his personal files ?|Have you got the code ?
Sally has been helping me prepare for the next step .|This time . It 's my turn .
I 'll also try hard ! Ai what 's wrong ?|Suddenly yelling is surprising . Bouquet what is it ?
Found ii .|Thanks , guys .
A shooting star !|Another !
Next is my turn she said in a letter .|Sally and Bouquet have always believed in me .
Follow the instructions you were given .|Where are you taking us ? Where ?
Bouquet ! How is my cute set up ? With this I 'll definately be this year 's winner ! It has that Bouquet feel nice !|Thank you ! Ai have fun at the festival ! I don 't know about stars or aliens but don 't study all day !
A warm welcome as always . Didn 't you promise change ? Because idiots enforce the law . Blame the guys who oversee the law .|Li 's like religion . What are you ?
Let 's close our eyes Sis . The mayor is desperate .|Way too busy ! Way too busy !
Oh , yes , it is ! If it weren 't for me , it wouldn 't have happened .|But I promise you , Jo , I swear to you , I didn 't want her to die . Oh , Jo ! Jo ! Please . Darling , please .
What was that now ?|No way . I 'm getting old .
Well , there it is Jolyon .|They 're married now , and there 's no more to be said .
No more to be said . Shall you see jo ? No , I think not .|I can 't bring myself to suggest it .
Has gotten really big .|I wonder if it will really happen . This year 's winter festival miracle .
Were you able to see something ? Nothing at all .|What 's wrong ?
What 's wrong ?|Lately I 've been thinking . The message bottles might just be a prank .
You don 't like " Doofus " ?|Sorry .
So the chances are not null .|When you 're the one saying it I get excited again .
Here , Ann , I 'll read it to you .|" My dearest father : " Your generous gift was welcome as a sign " that you might think worse of me .
" My dearest father : " Your generous gift was welcome as a sign " that you might think worse of me .|" I return it , but should you think fit to invest it " for the benefit of the little fellow , " we call him jolly , " who bears our christian and , by courtesy , our surname , " I shall be very glad .
" I return it , but should you think fit to invest it " for the benefit of the little fellow , " we call him jolly , " who bears our christian and , by courtesy , our surname , " I shall be very glad .|" I hope with all my heart that your health is good as ever .
A cop , if you prefer .|If we 're a team , forget your prejudices ... and shake my hand .
If we 're a team , forget your prejudices ... and shake my hand .|Tao .
Hey ...|This way .
Specialist with a machete .|Karl the Skinhead ... Saw him smash up a car with his head .
Ah , now I went down to Leicestershire for the funeral . Jo wasn 't there . Well , that would scarcely have been proper .|No , but I felt the family should be represented . Indeed , yes . I didn 't care for it much .
No , but I felt the family should be represented . Indeed , yes . I didn 't care for it much .|Great rambling place they 've got there .
Was there an alien inside ?|Be careful ! If you get too close you 'll be hit by an alien lazer beam !
But what will Jo think about this ?|He wanted her of course , but I put a stopper on that .
Thanks for coming .|Since 7 PM , D13 has been evacuated .
It wouldn 't be fitting , and I told him so .|I suppose you 're right , but , Jolyon ... it will put a barrier between you forever .
I suppose you 're right , but , Jolyon ... it will put a barrier between you forever .|It was there already .
Pleased to meet you !|Are you an alien ?
The idea is to join forces to prevent it .|Who 's for ?
Oh , dear Jolyon .|Mr. Swithin Forsyte , ma 'am .
First , we evacuate anyone thats left . In the five hours we have left .|Then I need 30 of your best fighters . But no guns . We 're not on a hum .
I still haven 't paid off my bank loan . Loan ?|Without those parts I can 't return to space ! If I can 't go home my life will meet it 's ...
They tell me you 've had some trouble .|Nothing that need concern you , Swithin , though I 'm obliged for your interest . Good day to you .
Any questions ?|Where 's the party ?
Reinforce security .|Tell Molko to be ready .
Where 's everyone got to ? Timothy is having a little rest .|A rest from what ? Timothy always has a rest after luncheon .
A rest from what ? Timothy always has a rest after luncheon .|He takes good care of himself .
Earlier I saw it . Something sparkling in the sky . It can 't have been flying . It must 've been a falling UFO part .|Did it really fall in the cave ? Probably . I 'm done for it . It 's useless . Useless .
Hester 's gone to sit with mrs . Nicholas .|Her back is worse , you know .
Her back is worse , you know .|Now , that 's odd . So is mine .
Did it really fall in the cave ? Probably . I 'm done for it . It 's useless . Useless .|Don 't give up so easily !
Don 't give up so easily !|Sally ?
He must be lost , and hungry .|What shall we do ? Oh , poor little thing .
Where where ?|The fossil !
Shall I get cook to give it some scraps ?|Would you ? Yes . Come on , boy .
Would you ? Yes . Come on , boy .|Shh ! Be quiet , Smither , and be quick .
That 's dangerous Yu ! Have you forgotten ? The rock will start crumbling !|That was in the summer . But now the cold weather has hardened it . I can climb it I must climb it ! That alien 's life is at stake !
I 'll take care of it .|Check it out .
Oh , Timothy , you gave me such a fright .|Why ? What have you been up to ?
We 'll catch you don 't worry !|I 'm too scared !
Help me !|I 'm not a good swimmer .
Maybe they finally got the evacuation notices . Anyway , all five are completely empty . You have my word .|In that case ...
Over target in one minute .|They 're in position .
Oh ... what is that , a dog ?|There is a dog just around the corner at number nine .
One .|Two . Three .
That 's not ' round any corner , it 's downstairs .|Timothy ...
Have you bought a dog ? Certainly not .|It just followed me home .
This UFO has been hurt .|For real .
Your mistake was jailing me to have a free hand .|Should have given him leave .
Then cook must be out of her mind .|Feeding a dog , you 'll never get rid of it .
Feeding a dog , you 'll never get rid of it .|I don 't want to . What ? A stray mongrel ? It might be bringing in fleas , for all we know .
Thank you Yu .|If you weren 't around we couldn 't have saved him .
Well , take my advice and get it out of the house .|Dogs messing up the carpets , what next ?
Put it in the lock !|What 's going on ?
And don 't let me see it .|Oh , I 'm sorry , ma 'am .
What 's that ? !|It 's Ai !
Signal received . Missiles primed .|Stop . You can 't get away . A soldier completes his mission , even if it kills him .
Hm . Looks like a bit of yorkshire , ma 'am .|Oh . Good little doggy .
It 's called honor .|A concept you 've never heard of in your ratholes . True .
Did he eat his scraps ? Every bite , ma 'am .|Then I shall take him upstairs .
Apollo ?|Are you still upset about the blue roses I messed up ? Blue roses ?
To the drawing room ? Oh , lawks .|Whatever will miss Ann say ? Now ...
I mean when we meet you seem upset .|Really ?
Family .|That binds us . Protects us .
I said it was inside the house .|Juley !
I 'll unite you !|And kill you together ! Press the button ! Where are you going ?
And kill you together ! Press the button ! Where are you going ?|Nowhere . I was just wondering if ... I knew it ! Cigars !
Alright ! Real lucky ! Ai the miracle really happened ! Yeah !|How about it ! The winner of this year 's contest should be Ai !
Drop that .|And one more for my collection .
A real Arabian carpet , Mr President .|For free !
Congratulations Ai .|Thank you very much !
You should think before you speak .|Dogs take advantage .
Thank you very much !|Congratulations !
Gentlemen ...|Miss ... I 'm sorry .
I owe you a lot .|I think the nation owes you a lot .
It slipped my mind . I forgot about it .|One vote for Kotobuki ! Are there anymore ? None ? None it is . Well then Kotobuki will continue on as the mayor of Animal village ! Who could have casted that vote ?
Ring the bell .|Juley , stop it . Oh , disgraceful .
See you !|See you !
Meaning ?|A new neighbourhood .
A new district .|With parks and jobs .
Where 's Timothy ? I should like to see her bite his legs .|Go on ! Find Timothy ! Oh , no .
With parks and jobs .|I 'll do it .
She 's mine . She 's mine . Come along .|And what will you do with the puppies ?
Yes , sir .|You have my word as head of government .
Puppies , indeed . A little thing like this .|Well , she ought to be worth something .
Well , she ought to be worth something .|I should advertise , if I were you .
The clouds|Are drifting towards
Solidarity .|Clam .
Nicholas asked me to look in . Goodbye , Juley .|You come for a drive one day .
Satiating the dryness|The swaying
Clam .|Yeah .
That 's gotta be mine .|I 'd like a little brandy .
Beginning|To bloom out
You know Jean Nouvel ?|He scored from me last week .
He scored from me last week .|No , he 's an architect
Colorations|Every one of them
Is still beating Racing even faster|Life is sparkling In the freedom of the forest Tatertotz Timer : SoulSlayer Timer : AbatisTreefaller Typesetting : Matt4212 Translation : P.Chobits
Life is sparkling In the freedom of the forest Tatertotz Timer : SoulSlayer Timer : AbatisTreefaller Typesetting : Matt4212 Translation : P.Chobits|Mother .
Jessica ! Jessica !|Jessica .
And you know you cannot leave here . You have not got the money , so it is no good talking like that .|I 'll put an advertisement in the paper , and if the owner comes , I 'll give it up .
I 'm upset .|I didn 't mean ... dear Ann ... but I do so want the little dog .
I didn 't mean ... dear Ann ... but I do so want the little dog .|Very well , dear .
Very well , dear .|It will be a sacrifice , but if it will make you happier ... subject , of course , Juley , to James ' opinion . We must be quite sure of the legal situation .
But I did seem to know everything else .|There were things about me I didn 't understand ... The brand , being colorblind .
There were things about me I didn 't understand ... The brand , being colorblind .|And while my gifts provided answers for others , I still search for my own .
But I like it browner . Yes , sir .|A little more , Winifred ? No , thank you , mama .
He 's right .|I don 't want to die .
Well , I had a letter this morning from the police .|The requisite number of days are up , and Juley can keep her dog .
I know it hurts .|Please make sure it is secure .
Where does it hurt ?|Have you had nausea , fever , has gone far to the bathroom ?
I clearly underestimated her strength earlier .|Better for a little pain now , than to be able to escape again if the necromancer resumes her sorcery . Think good things . Hot summer days , barbecuin ' ...
Police , indeed . Because legally , she was committing an offense .|Even now , if the real owner ... no , I think we 've covered every possibility .
Any idea I can do ? Does more than 48 hours ?|It can be an irritation diaphragm , the bronchial walls . Need a gastroduodenal endoscopy .
It would surprise me if you hadn 't .|Well , I don 't know.I can 't tell . Have you told her yet ?
In the shoulder . Unquestionably .|You won 't want to make any sudden movements when they enter .
I thought we might drive around to Timothy 's this afternoon . Does he know about it ?|Will you come , Soames ? If you 'll forgive me , no . I have a train to catch , and if I 'm not going to miss it , I ... train ? What train ?
Look over there . Where ?|Thanks buddy . Sorry ...
Even we 're no match for ' em . Yo , speak for yourself . Yo , don 't be a fuckin ' moron ! Dumb ass . You don 't think a vampire wouldn 't rip you to pieces in a heartbeat ? I 'd fuckin ' put up a fight at least . No , you wouldn 't . You would be dead . Wouldn 't fight nothin ' . It might hurt our pride to admit that , but it 'll save our lives and the lives of this pack , which is why this pack will stay the fuck out of it .|Unless you want to go it on your own , hot dog .
Thank you , Warmson .|A fine thing , rushing off down there every weekend . I don 't know .
Stop there .|What is that ? Brakes .
Which one of you ? The one who just kicked my little brother out of my life for good .|Is that supposed to make me feel better ? It 's not supposed to make you feel anything . I just wanted to let you know .
Yes . Will|The only diamond mine Arkansas is active . In Little Rock is illegal ride a cow ... Main Street after Sunday at noon . It is good to know .
Searching the database missing persons across the country . Read my book .|1.83 meters , 84 kg Found in the ocean , naked , amnesiac .
1.83 meters , 84 kg Found in the ocean , naked , amnesiac .|Cosmic . I have found .
Well , speaking of money , winifred , I shall increase your allowance , when the child is born , by 300 .|Oh , James , dear , that is kind .
Oh , James , dear , that is kind .|Oh , indeed , sir.It was most generous .
I have Vicker Medical Center .|It could be your twin brother .
It would have been more , but as you know , I 've had a lot of extra expense lately , what with ... James.You promised not to mention that again.Winifred ?|Darling .
Darling .|Monty ... dear ... I think you 'd better take me home .
Or your clone .|I do not know . But I 'll find out .
It doesn 't hurt as much as the silver , and it heals faster .|Thank , thank you . But , you said it would heal faster .
I 'm sure we shouldn 't want your child to be born in the street .|Good gracious me . In the street . Hurry , Monty .
Medical Technician I guard try to see if it caused any damage . What ? Are you aware that you have invested all the pads ? No .|We could get false records . This man could suffer a ischemia , and we know it .
Ever .|I may remind you of that someday .
Now come along , Winifred .|You can sit in the hall until the cab comes .
Please . Who are they ? Who is me ?|Who ?
Code blue .|How is the husband ... saw him in Tacoma the time of the murder ? Good question . Give me a reason to ... keep this subject behind bars , Kerrigan . I have time before lunch .
How is the husband ... saw him in Tacoma the time of the murder ? Good question . Give me a reason to ... keep this subject behind bars , Kerrigan . I have time before lunch .|Tell me I have not seen what I believe . Lieutenant .
Yes . What mess are you ?|I need to see a record . That the unidentified man appeared on the beach .
No , that 's unfair .|And impossible , with all that going on .
Hoyt , I do .|I really do . It 's over . It 's ...
Why ?|Maybe he knows , or he to me . " One of two ?
He 's very skillful . He 's ... great concentration and precision .|Quit yes , but all good pianists must have those qualities .
You 're too good for me . I was too happy . I should have known I could never be this happy . Of course you can be happy . You just ...|You aren 't gettin ' all of me , because of what I am , and you ... You deserve someone better than me . I don 't want someone better than you . I want you !
Didn 't you feel there was more ?|More ? Subtlety of phrasing , delicacy of touch , a deep understanding of what beethoven intended .
Well . To see what we discover .|No , you can choose .
But more even than that , I ...|I don 't quite know how to describe it .
God , you are so fuckin ' hot when you got blood all over you .|Stop it .
Stop it .|I want you to bite me and fuck me at the same time . Right here . Okay . Yeah .
I think so . A great love for the thing itself , for the music .|And it 's so strong in him that it ... that it reaches out and gathers you in to be a part of it .
And it 's so strong in him that it ... that it reaches out and gathers you in to be a part of it .|It possesses you , and you surrender , totally , completely .
My God . There is a terrible kind there .|I was wrong . It 's Collin .
So you 're back on the force now ? Got here as fast as I could . Rosie said there was a vampire suicide ? Wasn 't a suicide . Yeah , I know that . No evidence . Searched her house , no note . Yeah , can you believe it ? Beulah Carter was a goddamn vampire .|Oh , no . Andy . Andy ! Whoa . You serious ? You would eat a pile of dead vampire Beulah Carter ? Mmm . Off the ground ?
I 'm only good on the V , dude . It 's the only time I ever feel like I 'm not watchin ' myself not livin ' up to people 's expectations , and hatin ' those people for havin ' expectations , and thinkin ' about hittin 'em in the head with a bat .|Uh , sorry , man . I stopped listening ' about halfway through .
I hope I may take you to many more . Of course you may .|And I 'll come look at paintings with you in solemn galleries , and you can tell me how you feel when you look at a Rembrandt .
Who are you ?|About us
Lenny , can we get a really good tight shot of him , and make sure you really play up the eyes .|It 's a miracle .
I have to get out of here .|Tell me how you take a man here ... without being seen ?
If the price is right ... Soames ?|Don 't talk of buying things .
Tell me how you take a man here ... without being seen ?|Are you okay ?
Your blood .|It 's amazing .
It 's snowing .|Why is there a bed ?
Like maybe never stop .|Why would we ever want to ?
No , this is not . The suspension is the same . When leaving a vehicle of sharing would The higher the suspension when I arrive .|If you picked up something , the lower will .
And that hate is a powerful force , but hate never wins out .|Not in the long run . And we will never succumb to it . As Christ himself said , Here , here . Let me , let me show you .
Not in the long run . And we will never succumb to it . As Christ himself said , Here , here . Let me , let me show you .|So that is it ?
I should jolly well think so too .|Here ! Eh ... eh ... hey !
At least in my time , they remained hidden . Now they walk among us , shameless in their lust , their hunger . They laugh at the miracle of life . We must restore the sacred power of creation to this wounded earth . That is our only hope . Snuff them out !|Once and for all !
Once and for all !|Nothin ' would make me happier than to see those dead fucks gone for good .
But as a man of the world , and I am a man of the world , George , don 't you forget it . What 's more , I 'm a married man of the world .|Now you should get married , George .
Everybody 's got to have so to celebrate an extraordinary coincidence .|Your friend 's a little noisy tonight , isn 't he ?
Where did you take ? About are they ? That ... . Answer me ! If you want to be back here better to bring an order !|You have to go back to school of " House " , mate . Your computer was doing a search for spatial orientation . Can you speak English ? Knows something . Then we discovered legally .
I like being here .|I think I made some friends tonight . Couple of really nice bitches . Feels like I belong .
I hear they 're calling their boy Jolly .|Seems a trifle cynical to me , in the circumstances .
Accomplished identify this music ? Schubert , String Trio in B flat major D471 , Allegro .|What does a blind man see the man in the hospital ?
Accomplished identify this music ?|Robert Schuman , Dance Brotherhood of David , Op 6 . ... And a little butter .
Robert Schuman , Dance Brotherhood of David , Op 6 . ... And a little butter .|I think we now have enough .
I know . Call him Cato . Cato ? That 's not a name .|I won a tenner yesterday on a nag called Cato .
What is Kiwi ?|... Kiwi .
But there aren 't any clouds , and I can feel the sun on my face .|How could that be possible ? All is possible .
Aw , hell .|Fuck this shit .
Paul McClatchy . You must be Mrs ... Maxine Fortenberry . Thank you for meetin me here . You buyin ' ? Uh , I can . 'Cause I am starving ' . Ain 't nobody workin ' here ? Hey ! I 'll be right with you , Miss Fortenberry ! Service in this place fuckin sucks , and you know why ? 'Cause Sam Merlotte 's a fuckin ' asshole . Okay .|So , remind me what we agreed on . Well ... Twenty per acre for ten years , is that up front ? Twenty ? Well , I , I don 't remember discussing anything about ... Okay , what can I get y 'all tonight ? I 'll have two Miller tall boys , with two shots of tequila and some hot sauce . Really ? And some crawfish fritters with ranch dressing ' . And also , some of that private stash of succotash that Sam keeps hidden for hisself , 'cause he 's selfish . Um ... What you want , Paul ? Oh , I 'm fine with my iced tea . And don 't go out back to smoke and leave my food to dry out under the heat lamps , neither .
But why not James ? Wouldn 't the old man ... ?|Ah , no , now that 's reserved .
Ah , no , now that 's reserved .|Reserved ? Yeah .
Who is ...|What is the question ?
Why don 't you just tell me the thing goin ' on inside you you don 't want me to know ?|There 's nothin ' . Bullshit .
Gracious me , girl , where have you been ? Out for a walk . Why ? I didn 't know . Should I have told you ? I 'm sorry . Not here .|Go upstairs directly and make yourself look nice .
Go upstairs directly and make yourself look nice .|Why ? What 's happening ? Mr. Forsyte 's here .
Okay .|I am a vampire , and I 'm only just now realizing that maybe I 'm not supposed to be in a monogamous relationship . After a year of you lettin me think that we were happy ? We were happy .
Soames . Is that all ?|He 's come especially to see you .
What got you so obsessed ?|There is blood at the bottom . Top is clean . The murderer would take on the shoe . And he has remained in the blood stain .
Did you know that fish sleeping with eyes open ?|Why should I worry ?
And someone who 's not gonna look ... at all the love that I have to offer and just say , " Sorry , not good enough . " And someone who 's not fuckin ' dead ! Hoyt .|Just get out . Hoyt , please . Get the fuck out .
Just get out . Hoyt , please . Get the fuck out .|I take back my invitation .
Without sleep , no rest . Regardless . I have to find the man appeared on the beach .|Well . Be careful .
Fuck ! Fuck you ! Fuck !|Wish you could stay this way forever .
Is the paint on the track ? Records of municipal buildings . Anything painted Snoqualmie White . Let 's see if we our sample of paint .|Twelve local buildings painted with the same paint . Eleven of them were demolished , we can only ...
Wish you could stay this way forever .|Then let 's run away .
From everything .|And I will be this way forever . I don 't need to know who I am . We can 't just run away , those witches attacked you . And other vampires I care about . My king ? Yes . Your king , who released you so you could be with me . He 's good , this king .
Why has followed me ?|Who has continued to whom , John Doe ?
I understand your love for him . We have an obligation to stand by his side and fight with him . No , the obligation is his .|As king , he has no choice . Let 's just leave this place while we still can . This is my home , and we cannot just leave Bill to die . It 's not right . There is no right , or wrong .
Very common in Europe .|It 's amazing how ... connect all the dots .
It 's strange . i 've never heard you speak of yourself before .|No , I don 't .
Can 't argue with that . You promise ?|You 'll stay away from her ?
From the very first moment , since the day I came through that door and saw you for the first time , it was as if I 'd known you all my life .|For six months I had no peace .
For six months I had no peace .|I dreamt about you day and night .
I sent her home .|Just don 't go in there . My baby . I , I want my baby , me . Mavis , please . I buy him this doll . I save all my monies .
He 's gone . He 's better off . My baby don 't be no better off ! My baby be dead ! And you , the killer of your own flesh and blood !|What kind of devil you are ? You ... Mavis , there was no way we could have that ... He was alive ! I carry him . In me .
Who are you ? What 's your name ?|I do not know .
I can help . I have powers . Now , granted , I may not be in perfect control of those powers , but they 've saved me and others from some pretty dire circumstances .|Sookie , you could die . Well , call me crazy , but I 'm willing to die if it means keeping an entire group of people I know and love from being eradicated in the name of hate .
No .|Thiopental . It is an anesthetic .
Thiopental . It is an anesthetic .|Yes , you can consider as a liquid bandage .
Thank you . My liege .|My ...
My ...|Bill .
You 'll be a good husband , but not for me .|If I sound immodest , Soames , please forgive me .
Who are they ? Relax .|What is this ? ! What are you doing ?
If we need to take this outside , let 's do it .|You just pissed on the wrong boots , my friend .
If he persists , the response can grow or die away .|If it grows , then she falls in love . If she likes and admires him as well , then she 'll move heaven and earth to get him .
Loading map .|Get it ...
Doe , what are you doing in the ocean ?|Addressing the North throughout the Northwest .
I 'm sure it 's possible to know .|Soames , you remember the Beethoven concerto we heard together ? I do . Well ... and I remember every word you said .
Recedes .|Contact sight .
I got a stake with your name on it , motherfucker ! You dropped somethin ' .|Sookie . Sookie , you in there ?
I 've said this before .|I 'll say it again .
You smell like shit . I 'm not gonna miss you one bit . I forbid you !|You gotta fuckin be kiddin ' me . I command you , do not harm her . Now or ever . If you do , I will personally execute you ! This is so fucking lame !
10 more minutes and were also a donor .|Yes .
I can 't marry you , Soames .|We shall see .
And before he 's finished , if I 'm any judge , he 'll be stinking rich .|It 's charming .
Why not ? You know perfectly well why not .|I shall send it back directly .
I love you , Irene . Nothing can prevent me from loving you .|Whatever you ask of me , you shall have . Whatever conditions you make , I 'll agree to and abid as hold me but you must marry me .
Nobody leaves .|Or what ?
Now just tell me , once and for all , what 's wrong with you ? Nothing .|Then what 's wrong with him ? Again , nothing .
That was cute .|Was it ?
Because I tell you frankly , Irene , there will be no home for you here .|You 're not my child . Thank God .
How to not knowing who you are ?|What are you doing in a hospital ? I thought the hated .
What are you doing in a hospital ? I thought the hated .|Baby steps . Tried to overcome this Nosocomephobia ... irrational with my diagnosis . It was only attempted make a clinical diagnosis based on indicators nonverbal . Sorry .
But let it pass , I 'm not vindictive .|As you know , the lease of this house will be up in 6 months , and we shall move to Bradford .
Perhaps there is some truth in that . The fact is ...|Spend lots of time walking in a row like this . It was great fun .
You should go , Sam . This is not your problem .|Well , what if I want it to be my problem ? Trust me , you do not want Marcus to be your problem .
Is that why Emma couldn 't get to sleep ?|She 's scared he 'll come back ?
If it 's sharing ' a tent that 's stoppin you , you don 't have to worry . I am a multiple tent owner . Oh , are you ? Yeah , I 'm kind of a big deal .|Okay . Okay .
So then , I go over to Jason 's house , because I thought maybe he might , like , understand what I was going through , but he just kicked me out also .|And this is just the worst day of my life .
But don 't be a silly girl .|Chances like this don 't come every day , you understand .
Let 's make a deal .|Stayed the same , right ?
Crying ?|Oh , come now , little girl , that won 't do . There 's no need for that at all . You 're far to pretty to cry over a chap like that .
Aw , thanks .|Nan .
I thought it best I go to ground here , what with the Festival of Tolerance event starting so early tomorrow night .|Saw you on the news , by the way . You did quite well . Really got in front of the story . Speaking of , what is the story , my king ? What have you gone and fucked up now ?
Last we spoke , you were about to show him the true death . I changed my mind . Decisive leader you 've turned out to be . We 'll have to cancel tomorrow night . It 's possible that Eric has fallen under Antonia 's influence , just as Luis did . Canceling is not an option . What is so important about this event that you are willing to risk your life and mine ? There are factions within ... Factions within what ?|The AVL ? The Authority ? Unless you tell me , I cannot agree to ... Right now crews from CNN , VTV , Fox News and bloggers from across the country are already outside the hotel , waiting .
I mean , what the fuck , Bill ? How did you let it come to this ? It was you that let it come to this ! I don 't see how I 'm responsible ... And there is the problem in a nutshell ! Everybody can see it but you . Beyond tomorrow 's headline , you are a blind person .|I would just love for you to say that to my face when I 'm not chained in silver . It 's what I 've been saying all along !
We do . I hear clients ' calls aren 't being returned . Hardman put seven cases on the fast track . The rest have to take a back seat . We can 't just hang our clients out to dry . We won 't . At 10 : 00 a.m. , the library will be packed . Instead of returning 113 calls , I 'm going to take an hour and give them the state of the union . Well , good . Not good enough . I need 40 more contract lawyers , a dozen paralegals , and Mike Ross just told me he couldn 't even hire an investigator . That 's right . He can 't . We have to . No . We need to invest in this . Did you hear me ? We bit this off . We need to chew . You 're like a toddler . No . All of these are bills . We knew what we were getting into .|And then , we took a hit from Monica Eton and hired the contract lawyers . We are out of money . Use the line of credit .
And then , we took a hit from Monica Eton and hired the contract lawyers . We are out of money . Use the line of credit .|It 's gone .
Bolster security if you feel it necessary , but tomorrow 's Festival of Tolerance is going forward , and the cameras had damn well better find you in a festive and tolerant fucking mood .|Am I understood ?
I know what a girl like you needs , damned if I don 't , and I 'll see you get it .|You 'll forget about Forsyte .
They have evaluated the situation and they know we 're bleeding .|So , we 've got seven cases in seven cities over the next two months ?
You come along northwith us , lovey , and we 'll have a lot of fun together , hm ?|Hey , come back !
Hey , come back !|Irene ? What 's the matter ?
So , we 've got seven cases in seven cities over the next two months ?|So , what are you proposing I do ?
Am I understood ?|Perfectly .
This my baby .|It 's his daddy that came and took him , I know it was . Uh , Arlene ... Ain 't that his daddy , standing right there ?
Okay . So , basically , you haven 't been working for the last , what , 15 minutes ?|Half hour .
I don 't think i can ever love you , but in one of your letters , you said that if I made conditions , you would agree to them .|I meant what I said . Do you really think it possible to marry with conditions or reservations ?
Sookie ? I don 't know what he 's doing here . Yes , you do . Tell him . Tell him you never stopped loving me . Is this true ? What ? Now everyone can hear everyone ? Is it ? Well , yes , but it 's not my fault . He gave me his blood . And he gave u his . Sookie is mine . Eric , don 't . Bullshit ! She 's mine ! Guys , I don 't want you two fighting ' over me , please ! I 'm ten times your age . And I love her twenty times as much ! Goddamn it , stop !|Thank you . Now , this is my dream , so both y 'all need to shut up and listen to me . Come on .
If I marry you , Soames , I 'll do my utmost to be a good and loving wife to you , in every way that a woman should .|But this is my condition : I have no right to impose it upon you , none at all , but I must .
But this is my condition : I have no right to impose it upon you , none at all , but I must .|If I should fail ... you won 't fail . But if I should , then I will ask you to let me go .
I got you an espresso . Quad shot . I don 't need coffee . You might .|I 'm fine .
I swear it , on my honor .|Then I will marry you .
Lafayette , you in there ? Goddamn it .|It 's Sheriff Bellefleur , Lafayette . You sound like a white man , you !
Donna . HARVEY : Scottie ? Harvey . How 's married life ? I wouldn 't know .|Divorced so soon ? I never took the plunge .
It 's Sheriff Bellefleur , Lafayette . You sound like a white man , you !|You know damn well I 'm a white man ! No chance is I openin' no door for no white man , me .
And with all my worldly goods , I thee endow .|With all my worldly goods , I thee endow .
I told y 'all not to me ! Go away , yous ! I got plenty more bullets , me ! Why are you doing this , Lafayette ? My name 's Mavis . He 's lost it . Mavis ? I 'm goin ' in . No quarter . No , no , no , no . We can 't let you do that .|What the hell , cuz ? Let us handle this .
Come on , Linda . You 're making me feel very guilty .|It 's just for a couple of hours . I deserve this . I haven 't been out for three months .
Three months . That 's exactly how long it 's been since I 've been out .|Looks like Mike almost has his date for tonight .
Looks like Mike almost has his date for tonight .|Nobody is taking dates . It 's a bunch of guys going to a boxing match , that 's it .
What is it , Sam , do you need to hear me say it ? I 'm a weak man , Luna , I kinda do . You were right . Ah . This was a great idea . You 're the best . That 's what I 'm talking about .|At school , we have this regular bunny . She lets you hold her . These nature bunnies , all they do is run away . That 's because nature bunnies are smart , and like to exercise . School bunnies are fat and lazy . Uh , we don 't say " fat . " Oh , sorry . It 's okay .
You 're talking about sharing 45 . I 've never known you to share . They 're based in London , so we 'll be running the show . They 'll just be signing the checks . And taking a cut of the winnings .|Exactly . Winnings . It 's the best way to beat Hardman .
Come here , little guy .|He 's so cute ! Isn 't he ?
Prepare to have your pleasure glands carpet bombed . Watch out for the floors because they 're marble .|Cool system .
How did you know that ? I checked with the statistician . Yeah ? Well , he 's wrong . Because he didn 't adjust ... Adjust for outliers . Which takes it to ... One in 6.4 billion .|How did you know that ? I did it in my head .
Let 's hit it . All aboard ! That 's a conductor , not a bus driver . Sit down and shut up . That 's a bus driver . Let me see your transfer . When have you ever been on a bus ? I 've seen a few .|I got 600 on Davis . What ? You idiot , Davis rhymes with " save us ! " You should have given the money to us . We should have left earlier . We 'll miss the prelim . The Rayzor Man will not let you down . I don 't intend to miss one single , solitary punch .
Just you and me now , you . Lafayette ?|Who you with , you ? Monsieur Virgil ? What 's your name ? Is it Mavis ? What you want , you ? I just wanna help .
Where did this kid come from ? Your boy 's about to get beat . Bob and weave ! Look at that . Thank God this thing has a satellite dish .|Much better than sitting ringside . Much , much better . Another day in front of the boob tube . We 'll be so close , we 'll get blood on us . Coming from our noses , the seats will be so high in the rafters . Give me a break . Oh , shit .
Who said I want nothing ? Oh , no one 's ever said that about you . Oh . What have they said ? They ?|You .
Look out ! This guy just hit me .|Fuck you ! What are you doing ? Fuck you ! You want some ? Come on !
My opinion matters to you ? Your opinion matters to him .|I 've only ever said good things about you , Scottie .
But what have you thought ?|Just don 't screw with him . Don 't screw with him or don 't screw him ? Are you able to do one without the other ?
Come in .|Alcide was the first , the only , man that I ever loved , if you count out Coot , which believe me , I really wish I could .
You know , Alcide told me that you think it 's a curse , being what you are .|But I think it 'd be nice to know what people are thinkin ' every once in a while .
He 's right , you know .|About what ?
That was really smart , baby brother . Hey , enough , Ray . Stop acting like you 're three . Why do you say shit like that ? Let 's knock it off . I want to have a good fucking time tonight !|Hold on . We 're getting out of here .
Please , just let me hold him one last time ! Please !|Tell me the last thing you remember . Him , me was outside fighting ' . " I wanna see my baby . " I tell him I wanna hold him , but he say I couldn 't . He want to get away from me , but I followed him inside the house , me . Why ? Why can 't I hold him ?
I hate being late ! Wait , a cop ! I 'm joking .|Ray 's the man ! Do it !
Here 's to me and those like me ... because very few were made . Thank God . This is an extraordinary piece of navigation , my brother . Do you know how to get there ? We double back around the expressway . How hard can it be ?|I bet there 's some tremendous real estate bargains down here . That 's great , but where 's the damn expressway ? Enough of this scenic route . They built the expressway logically . We hit the next intersection and cut over .
You have no clue where you 're going .|A little faith , my friends . We have never been here . Look . The Brothers Johnson . I 'm just being logical , right ? When you 're lost , you ask for directions . Let 's ask those guys . They know their way around . We 'll say we 're the Welcome Wagon , and we have some baked goods for them . Excuse me . Gentlemen . , OVER P.A. We 're the Welcome Wagon . Can you come here , please ? Mr. Welcome would like to ask you something . Give me that . You know what , it 's not funny . Here they come . They 're coming to party , baby .
Hey . Um , I just wanted to say I 'm sorry .|And that you were right . Jessica assigned you , so you should take the lead on Bakersfield .
And then it was inside of me . What was it ?|The knife .
You really know how to use this thing , Rayzor ? Beretta nine millimeter . Shit happens , man .|You were right . You never know what maniac 's gonna pull out a gun . The only maniac I know is you .
What are you going to do ?|I 've got other things . I 'll be fine . Good , you 're both here . Change of plan . Uh , no need . I already know . So . This isn 't about Parkville . I 'm deposing Hanley Folsom in 36 hours , and I need to know more about him than his mistress does before he gets here . He has a mistress ? That would help , wouldn 't it ?
Here it is . You 're closer than I am .|What was that ? I don 't know . I think we hit something . Maybe a dog or something .
Now , find me something .|What are you pissed about now ? Jessica assigned you ? No , you asked . I asked and she assigned me . That 's how it works . When you phrased it to me , you picked language that skewed a little bit in your favor .
No , we didn 't .|I felt it . I think we hit someone . You know where the hell we are ? They 're scam artists . They make a living doing this . Doing what ?
I felt it . I think we hit someone . You know where the hell we are ? They 're scam artists . They make a living doing this . Doing what ?|They pretend to get hit and blow your head off .
Oh , hey , sweet boy . I can 't say how sorry I am ' bout all this , me . Don 't worry about it . Sometimes these things happen . We still love you , Lafayette . My name 's Mavis .|My boy . My sweet baby boy . Oh , it 's gonna be okay . Oh , my heart hurts , I love you so much .
He was hiring me to protect you . Right . And then , after you found out the real reason for the offer , you went to Harvey and you said , " I can 't possibly accept employment under those circumstances . " Oh , wait . No , you didn 't . You 're damn right I didn 't . Because I couldn 't , because I had already given notice .|Stop taking everything so personally and get over it .
Stop taking everything so personally and get over it .|Tell me you 're not having Lear envy .
I want you to know how sorry I am , Stackhouse . And I want you to know how little that means to me , ' cause I heard it all before , too many times . Why don 't you do something useful and turn on the lights , 'cause we can 't see shit down there .|Think I got somethin ' . What ? What down there ? I don 't know . You think it 's him , you ?
Think I got somethin ' . What ? What down there ? I don 't know . You think it 's him , you ?|I think it 's both of you .
We hit somebody . Call 911 !|Oh , my God . I don 't believe it .
Well . We don 't have to get the business out of the way before getting to the pleasure . There 's also a disadvantage . Oh , let me guess . You have some rule . I don 't cook in my own kitchen . You cook ?|It 's a metaphor . Yeah , I got that . But you 're in luck . We are not in the same kitchen . We are on this case .
It 's a metaphor . Yeah , I got that . But you 're in luck . We are not in the same kitchen . We are on this case .|Somebody didn 't read the paperwork . When do I ever read the paperwork ?
Get a towel .|He 's been shot .
I represent the Shreveport pack of werewolves .|I come to pledge our allegiance to your cause .
How so ? What else ? Money , drugs . Got to the point where pretty much my entire pack is ...|Eric !
There they go ! Hey , help ! Police ! We got somebody shot ! They turned the corner .|Take it easy . Where the hell are they ?
Get a window open or something .|Damn thing 's stuck . Great . Wonderful .
Damn thing 's stuck . Great . Wonderful .|It 's dead . We 're not going anywhere .
Fuckin ' werewolf .|Debbie ! Shit .
Don 't do that . They 'll blow your head off .|Ray , get the gun .
Ray , get the gun .|Get the fucking gun .
Uh , Roy , you come with . Yes . The rest of you stay here .|I can 't take this anymore , I can 't , I mean , I mean , I don 't even think I 'm a real Wiccan ! I was just doing this to piss off my parents ! Let 's get the fuck outta here !
I founded the LSU chapter of the Living Dead Alliance after having a deeply personal experience with a vampire . My big sister , Julie Watney .|When I was 12 and she was 19 , Julie disappeared . We never saw her again until three years ago , when vampires came out of the coffin . Mom , Dad , and I were having Sunday night dinner , and the doorbell rings , and it 's Julie , wanting to know if she could watch us eat .
Can 't get around those pesky FAA regulations , can you ? I hope you 've got all the cities covered . Because we 've got people everywhere . Deep pockets .|Dana Scott . It 's a pleasure . Can 't say the same . You do like strong women , Harvey .  And you don 't like women at all . Oh . She 's cute . This should be fun . Oh , I 'm just getting a call from my niece who needs help with her homework .
You said there was no service .|Look . Sykes , look , no . Shh .
Dana Scott . It 's a pleasure . Can 't say the same . You do like strong women , Harvey .  And you don 't like women at all . Oh . She 's cute . This should be fun . Oh , I 'm just getting a call from my niece who needs help with her homework .|What do you got ? I know why they promoted Cathleen Mitchell .
What do you got ? I know why they promoted Cathleen Mitchell .|DANA : What is your title , Ms. Mitchell ? Vice President , Regional Services . And how many management positions are there in your region ? Six hundred and twelve . And how many of those are women ?
Were you diagnosed with uterine cancer in 2009 ? That is not relevant . Are you married ? What does that have to do ... Do you have any children ? No . HARVEY : Can you have any children ? This is beyond the pale , Harvey . Even for you . Should I read your deposition of Jessica Pearson from two weeks ago ? That 's a different case and inadmissible here . Did you or did you not have a hysterectomy that rendered you unable to have children nine months before you were promoted ? DANIEL : She is not going to answer . HARVEY : Maybe not today . But it will become part of the record . Hanley Folsom only promotes women whose attention to home and family isn 't in question .|Except for one thing . Mr. Folsom didn 't know .
What you thinking about , Teddy ? Look , come on , we grew up . All you had to do was keep the merchandise moving . No company car ? Not long enough lunches ? We can 't just sit here . We 're not going to do anything , Frank ? We 're not going to do one fucking thing ? What do you want us to do ?|Did you mention my name to the guys in the truck ? I didn 't say anything . I wouldn 't rat you out or say shit !
So you say . He didn 't know because I didn 't tell anybody . Because it 's my business . HARVEY : Still . He found out . And that 's why you were promoted . Harvey , that 's enough . DANIEL : Will you look at that , Harvey ? Even Ms. Scott understands that being childless and unmarried doesn 't make you damaged goods .|But if that 's how you 're framing your argument , good luck .
Sometimes things just ... don 't work out . Man , I gave her my heart , I gave her my soul , I gave her my life . Wanna see what I got in return ? These . It 's the only thing I got out of the year we spent together , so take the monster 's CD , and put it in the monster 's monster box , and you take it to her for me , will you ?|You want me to take it to her ? Yeah . She 's at vampire Bill 's house . Just swing it by on your way home . The thing is , it ain 't ... it ain 't my place , getting mixed up in all this , so , uh ... Man , you 're my best friend in the whole world , so if it ain 't your place , whose place is it ? Please ? I don 't wanna see her , all right ? Ever again .
Shit .|Sorry , man . It 's not what I had in mind .
You 're accusing me of still trying to win ?|You 're the one who 's still trying to win something . You know , I should have known . It 's never the whole story with you . What the hell 's really going on ?
You beat me last time . And ever since then , Edward Darby hasn 't seen me as worthy of being a name partner . Cooke would never allow that to happen , anyway . He can 't stand Americans . Cooke retired . And he decided there 's more to life than work .|So , if you deliver a huge win ...
John , you all right ? Why ? Why 'd they do it ? They killed him .|I don 't think they 'll follow us . They won 't do that .
I don 't think they 'll follow us . They won 't do that .|We saw them shoot that kid . We were witnesses .
So , if you deliver a huge win ...|I get my name on the door .
Where the hell are we ?|Why 'd you get off the expressway ? Are we at the blaming stage now ? I don 't remember twisting your arm to get off the expressway .
Goddamn it , Marcus , call ' em off ! Who 's the smart money on now ?|Hey , Marcus , you gave me your word ! He mouthed off to me ! So the fuck what ?
What do you think of the neighborhood ?|We call these condos down here . Nice , huh ? Could be just like one of those North Shore suburbs . Guess what . I knew you guys would come straight here . You didn 't pass " Go . " So technically ...
Hey , Marcus , you gave me your word ! He mouthed off to me ! So the fuck what ?|Look at him !
Guy sounds like he wants to do you bodily harm or something .|I 'm a college graduate . That 's Buck . He 's got the brain of a chicken .
Look at him !|Oh , Jesus . How 'd the hell he do that ? That ain 't Merlotte . That 's his brother .
Oh , Jesus . How 'd the hell he do that ? That ain 't Merlotte . That 's his brother .|Fuck . Get him outta here .
Jessie , you all right ?|Oh , I 'm just fine .
Would you maybe wanna come in ?|You know , I don 't think that 's such a good idea . Okay .
The boxes are right there . Rachel , what 's the matter with you ? Come on . You 're late . Katrina handed me her briefs an hour ago . Um , yeah . I 've , uh ... I 've got most of mine . Most ?|If I can 't count on you for the effort , how the hell am I supposed to count on you for the results ?
Yeah .|So , I 'm ...
Look , Mike ... I don 't want to hear it .|Just get it done .
Thank you .|Do you want me to come in with you ? No . No need to get into any more trouble on my account . Go on , go home to Alcide .
Katrina Bennett . We haven 't met yet . Oh , I know who you are . Welcome . Louis says you 're the best paralegal around .|Thank you .
Thank you .|I need 40 copies of these . And if you can duplicate the tabs and have it back to me within an hour , I will be eternally in your debt .
You guys are really starting to piss me off . This is eating into my drinking time . Tell you what I 'm gonna do . Since I 'm a nice person and in touch with my inner child ... I 'll give you a chance . Come out , forget the bullshit , and we 'll discuss this . I 'm going to count to three .|One Mississippi ... two Mississippi ...
Bill !|They 're comin ' for you , Bill !
I 'm doing my job , and I need you to do yours .|Rachel , do me a favor ? Can you just put that on pause for a sec ? Because I need to make a copy . No , Louis , I can 't . I 'm busy doing my job .
I know about the Harvard thing . And I think it 's great . What ? Yeah , Norma told me .|Rachel , I know that waiting is hard .
Don 't let her control you . Fight her ! Go home .|Sookie , go ! No more !
Sookie , go ! No more !|What the fuck ? Broken .
What ? I don 't understand . I had everything . My grades , the LSATs , I 'm a legacy . And I don 't even puff myself up , but I killed it at that interview . That doesn 't make any sense . And do you remember that woman who came from Harvard ? She didn 't like anyone , but I swear she loved me .|Sheila . Yeah .
We have to help these poor people . Bill , image . Everybody stay calm . The fire department and EMT 's are on the way . I , myself , am a trained , caring , and a certified first responder .|We didn 't do anything wrong .
Shit . Hobo from Purdue . I hate Purdue .|When 's the last time they ever won anything ?
Looks like somebody had a good trip . Not exactly . Though the plane ride was fun . As long as you didn 't hit any turbulence .|Jessica wants to see you .
Well , he is my brother .|He was the littlest one in elementary school ... And if I didn 't do his fightin for him , those other kids ... Would like to have killed him . I know . You 've told me and Hoyt 's told me many , many times . In eighth grade , he shot up ten inches . No muscle yet , no balance at all . That boy had to walk with a cane for six months . Somebody had to help him then , too , and that was me . Well , Hoyt walks just fine all on his own now . Maybe it 's time you let him . You 're as bad as Maxine . Yeah , maybe you 're right . Hey , Jess , you and me , this is different . This will kill him .
Reach out and touch someone , my ass .|Great .
If anything happens , don 't think , just run .|Let 's find someone who 'll let us use their phone . You think these freaks will let us use their phone ? These freaks are our neighbors . Not my neighbors .
Or that old . You should see me in my altogether .|Pass . Fair enough .
JESSICA : So , how are we ? We 're right on schedule .|Dana ? We 've dropped a grenade . We 're just waiting for it to go off .
Dana ? We 've dropped a grenade . We 're just waiting for it to go off .|Meaning it hasn 't . Rome wasn 't built in a day . Excellent point . I needn 't have crossed the pond . Yet , here you are .
How are you ? Can we use your phone ?|Nobody 's gonna help us .
These the punks you saw ? They ain 't the ones . What 's up ? You punks crazy or something ? Chill out . We 're looking for some citizens . He looking for some citizens . You ain 't gonna find nobody down here like that . This is our block . If you got any brains in your head , you 'll break now and don 't look back . We just got some business . You got some business ? What kind of business ? Wait a minute . I 've had about enough of this bullshit . I 'm gonna ventilate your little cranium . What do you think about that ? Now back off ! Better get your boy .|I got something , too , man . Little bit too much meat today .
When you were about to kill him ... I just couldn 't bear the thought of a world without him in it .|I think it was how I was able to stop you .
She had blue eyes just like you . How does he know my name ? Frank , beautiful baby .|Lucky for you she looks just like your wife .
No , I wasn 't .|But this is a big investment for him , Harvey . His investment is only money .
Well , if you 're talking about the July 29th reference in his business email to his personal email , then you 're too late . What ? Katrina gave me the subpoena an hour ago .|Guess it 's a good thing Jessica put her on the case after all .
When people steal from me , I take it personally .|Are you subpoenaing me ? You diverted Rachel and then you pursued my idea yourself .
Are you subpoenaing me ? You diverted Rachel and then you pursued my idea yourself .|Your idea ? Are you denying it ? No . You said we needed to fly . So , I built an airplane . And then flew it right into Harvey 's office just in time to take credit . I offered you a chance to work together . You didn 't want to take it . You 've always got an answer . And you 've always got an accusation .
You behaved unprofessionally . I never behave unprofessionally .|Okay . Right . Ski mask and coconut oil ? That was personal .
Let 's go , Ray .|Kids do this .
You really believe that shit ?|Why not ? Now , could be .
That not what I meant .|But it 's what you 've caused .
Thanks . I wasn 't going to .|I 've got a great view from down here . That 's funny . I 'm glad you save your best material ... for the rooftop show .
I will not be denied . Then come reap what you 've sowed . Have at you . Joust me .|I don 't care what it takes . We need to get to that smoking gun before Katrina does . She already found it .
Hey . Shhh .|I 'm sorry , Sam . For everything .
She 's going to take four coffee breaks before she 's done . She 's going to take four coffee breaks before she finishes her coffee breaks . Which means it 's probably still in the copy machine right now .|Missy 's not going to leave the documents just sitting in the copy machine . No , but she probably already scanned them .
You want it in writing ?|I will follow you .
No . Nothin ' was your fault .|And , listen , I 'm sorry . I should have been a better brother . I didn 't know how .
You 're talking about stealing someone 's work .|Mmm . Someone who lied to you , stole from me , and made us both look like fools . 
And , listen , I 'm sorry . I should have been a better brother . I didn 't know how .|You were the best part of my life .
Don 't forget me right away .|Hey , Tommy , I 'll never forget about you .
Come to me , goddamn it !|Give me your hand .
Give me your hand .|I got you !
You 're in my heart , always .|You 're my brother .
Then we go our separate ways . You can raise that kind of money ? Yes , I can .|Let me ask you something . What are those shoes ? Italian ?
You 're my brother .|Tommy . Hey . Tommy , listen . You 're loved . I love you .
Look , Sheila , I 'm flattered by what you did .|But this is not fair , and you know it can 't stand .
What 's on ? Uh , I don 't know . Somethin ' .|Well , who 's playin ' ? It 's them against them .
Sure .|Magna cum laude . Yale . 3.9 GPA . Another one .
You schooled me ! You took my heart and surgically implanted it .|Soon , my pulse will be back to normal .
Summa cum laude , Georgetown , 4.3 GPA . Listen , I get it . I know what you 're trying ... That 's my reject pile .|I am a professional . I would never let my feelings for you sway me against a candidate .
I promised her . Louis , I liked her . I did .|You 're just going to have to tell her the truth .
I 'm cool . I 'm great .|Just let me crash with you for a little while , will you ?
 No , Mr. Bond , I expect you to die . What the hell are you doing here ? We can win Parkville .|This is the key to everything .
Yeah . Sure . No problem .|Ugh . Bubba .
We got to keep moving .|Split up . This is stupid . You think we 'll catch these guys ?
Ugh . Bubba .|Hey , don 't cry , man . I ain 't cryin ' .
You got no right to bust into my private bedroom .|I wanted to catch you early ... And apologize about the awful things I said when we was savin ' Mikey . Fine . Leave me alone . I don 't think so . You and me , we got somewheres to go . The hell we do . Where ? Fort Bellefleur .
If it 's got anything to do with vampires , no thank you . I 'll sleep in my truck . Bill wants to blow up MoonGoddess Emporium , and Tara 's in there .|Well , he can 't do that . What the fuck for ?
You ever wonder about that ?|Guess I 'm about to find out .
'Cause of what happened at the Dorchester .|What happened ?
Mike , they got guns . We have nothing . Screw the guns .|If we watch each other 's back , we 'll be okay .
We 'll need time to review this . Review it ? He wrote it . You knew she couldn 't have children and that 's why you changed her review . And that 's why you promoted her . JESSICA : And when she sees it , she 'll join the suit . And you won 't stand a chance .|That email doesn 't prove a pattern . It proves what he did to her . It 's one case . We 'll see you at the next 44 . In the meantime , we won 't be participating in that deposition until you put Ms. Mitchell back on a plane .
Yeah , but ...|Believe in us , Tara .
Hey , Frank .|Let 's show these punks what we got .
Believe in us , Tara .|Believe in yourself . Believe that there 's somethin ' out there that 's bigger ' an us , and it 's on our side .
And which side of right and wrong does sleeping with the paralegals fall on ?|Get the hell out of my office .
I 'm leaving you ! What do you mean ? We haven 't finished our work . We 've barely begun ... I cannot go on , not after last night . Last night was a victory . We almost assassinated the king . One king of one state of one country . In my time , it was different . Your world is huge . It is teeming with these creatures . And what about the humans ? All that blood and ... and panic and , and the screaming . It sickens me . We are no better than our enemies . Of course we are . Now , we don 't torture and kill . We fight people who do . This is not who I am . But , it is . You are a fighter . You are a great necromancer . I only turned to necromancy to control death ... To save my village from fever .|I was a healer . I saved lives .
I was a healer . I saved lives .|I delivered babies with these hands .
Who 's the chickenshit now ?|Gonna shoot me ?
They did the same to me . Those people who you healed ... They watched you burn , and they did nothing . Have you forgotten that ?|No . And they watched your agony like it was sport . They smelled your flesh roasting , and they did nothing ... They couldn 't . They wouldn 't . They thought of nothing but themselves .
He didn 't think I could do it .|Let 's move .
What 's this ? Our books from the last five years . If we 're going to do this , I want you to know exactly what it is you 're getting yourself into .|Now , start at the beginning . It 's a great read .
Now , start at the beginning . It 's a great read .|You are an impressive woman . Oh . You don 't know the half . Well , here 's to my further education .
DANA : You 're late . It 's not going to get you out of buying me a drink first .|No more bullshit .
Hey , what happened to you , kid ?|I thought you had my back !
Edward Darby flew here the day you did . He didn 't just pop in . He wasn 't supposed to do that . You don 't want your name on the door . You want your name on my door . I want to see our names on the same door . Yeah . Like I said , it 's never the full story with you . I wanted to be able to tell you myself . Then , why didn 't you tell me ? Because he wouldn 't let me until he decided . Well , evidently , he decided without you . Okay , okay . He jumped the gun . But I have his promise , Harvey . We merge , he names me as partner . And Jessica 's only choice is you .|I don 't need you to get my name on the door any more than I need you to win this case .
No . And they watched your agony like it was sport . They smelled your flesh roasting , and they did nothing ... They couldn 't . They wouldn 't . They thought of nothing but themselves .|But , you and I , there is a communion of souls .
I know you feel it , too . I know how lonely you 've been through the centuries , wandering ' ... Aching for an end of your exile . Yes . Fate brought us together to fight evil .|Did you really think no one was gonna get hurt ?
And this merger isn 't happening .|Thank you .
Hey , who 's in there ? Bunch of people . Hard to tell 'em apart . Find Tara . She 'll be the loudest .|Drag her in a cage and beat her ass good . She 's there , and she 's mad . Pissed off like usual . That 's a good sign . You guys wish me luck . Wait .
I don 't know about you guys , but I didn 't sign on for this .|This is your fault , Fallon . Your best buddy 's dead because of you and your goddamn rules .
Oh , shit . Fuck .|Hey .
Ever hear the one about taking care of your own ?|You mean you 'd let these guys get away with this ? No , I wouldn 't let these ...
You mean you 'd let these guys get away with this ? No , I wouldn 't let these ...|You know what I hate ? I hate whiners , you know ? I hate people who just complain .
I found it on my own .|Edward and I are merging . I had to show him the books . Legally required to show me her books . And , unlike you , I don 't break the law .
Marnie and I share everything . Then you know that I 'm her friend . Are you ? Where have you been ? We needed you . Mexico . It was an emergency . My grandfather 's very sick . I 'm so sorry . I should have told you before I left , but ... I came back as soon as I could . Marnie trusts you . We trust each other . I 'm a little harder to convince .|Tell me what I have to do .
Damn it .|If those assholes were here right now , I 'd ... probably just freeze .
It 's a Latin thing .|Oh ...
I don 't think I 'll make it through this night .|I don 't know what to do .
I hurt her . And , uh ...|And she took it out on me ?
Well , we 're in the need of a frank discussion .|You don 't like him . Different philosophies . Him and me , we 've got the same problem .
I 'm scared , too .|Look at me . I 'm crying like a baby here .
He doesn 't want kids .|Well , that don 't make sense .
Let 's go !|Hey , over here ! Stop !
Hey , lady ! Hold up the bus !|What are you doing ?
I 'm just about ready .|Marcus ! He ain 't here . What ?
I 'm the one who took the report this afternoon . I didn 't want the police to have it before talking to you .|The ministerial car was driven then .
Hello , anybody home ? Yeah , anybody got a problem with that ?|Come on and get us !
If our circle were stronger ... We would be able to exterminate those vampires so much more easily .|Uh , your friend , the Moor , is he gonna join us again ? He has a gift . The Moor ? Lafayette ?
He was only 17 . They called me to get in touch with you . I asked a driver to pick him up and bring him to Jutland where we were .|When they arrived at the hotel , Benjamin stole the keys and took off in the car . The driver wrote as follows . " April 20th . Passenger : Benjamin Kamper . "
Chairman Gilsfort has heard about the accusations against the Prime Minister . He wants a briefing . I 'll handle that . And there 's someone here from the police .|You know the one . She says it 's important .
We still think the old murder case is the key to finding Emilie . The perp is the biological father of the girl who was killed . We have already provided personnel records and photos . He 's no oil rig worker . The man we 're after has extensive technical knowledge . He knows everything about the harbour . It 's also in Zeuthen 's interest ... Don 't tell me about Zeuthen 's interests . I know them better than you . Then help me . We 're looking for an engineer or someone like that . His employment must have changed , when the girl died .|Two and a half years ago , our staff turnover was high . Why ? The crisis was biting . Many in the business had gone under . Zeeland took over a number of companies and their employees , but we lost some .
Shop till you drop , right , Frank ?|Get back on the cooler ! Get on there !
I wonder .|I don 't want to be rude . Ask . You have nothing to fear from me . Can I speak with Marnie , please ? I speak on behalf of both of us . I know .
You guys tell your friend to get down here right now ! Listen , this guy 's not our friend ! I 'm tired of fooling around with you , understand me ?|Motherfucker !
I don 't want to be rude . Ask . You have nothing to fear from me . Can I speak with Marnie , please ? I speak on behalf of both of us . I know .|But she 's my friend and my teacher . I miss her , and it would be nice to say hello in person . Just for a minute .
But don 't show me any consideration . That 's exactly what my staff told me .|I would be within my rights to , after your move with that unreliable witness .
Hello . Sarah Lund .|I 'm on my way out , so maybe you should have called . He came home late last night .
I 'm on my way out , so maybe you should have called . He came home late last night .|He didn 't come to bed . I found him in the living room .
He didn 't come to bed . I found him in the living room .|I thought it was the case that he was so obsessed with , but it wasn 't .
Sookie ! Walls up ! Sookie ! No ! God ! Disappear !|Sookie .
I 'm seein ' things .|You look like a monster . It 's me .
Don 't worry . It 's only me . At least your visions ain 't real . Stuff I see , it all happened .|You 've been through so much .
Put your hand there and keep it there .|You all right ?
You all right ?|Don 't do anything stupid .
Don 't do anything stupid .|Come out , Frank ! Scumbag !
What are you afraid of ?|Faggot !
The psychiatrist advised Benjamin to go home and talk to his father . Did he ?|That particular evening I came home very late .
Jesus Christ . You 're Frank ?|Look at me when I 'm talking to you .
He asked if we could sit down together in the kitchen for a while .|We hadn 't done that for a long time so it made me very happy .
You think you hurt me tonight , is that it ? Is that what you think , Francis ? Answer me ! You fucking prick . Get up !|This how you 're gonna go out ?
I ought to spend more time here .|I can see why you come back to the tree house .
I can see why you come back to the tree house .|Always was a good place to think .
This is where I went .|Headin ' for home .
This is the Fordham section of The Bronx : my home . A world unto itself . Any borough is only 15 minutes away ... but they seem 3,000 miles away .|That 's Mount Carmel Church . The sound of the bells filled the neighborhood .
I don 't want you to ...|Don 't ruin anything .
Frank , you all right ?|Where are you ?
Show this man out . 150 centimetres tall , 40 kilos . Long blond hair . Black trainers .|Blue rain clothes and no life jacket .
She appeared to be waving .|What was the name of the coaster ? What was the ship called ? I 'd like to tell you but let 's deal with the practicalities first .
Take it easy , man .|Hey , buddy , they say you 're gonna be okay . I better be . I got tickets to the Bears game next week .
See you later , Pop .|Go right upstairs , son .
The Zeuthen family may be filthy rich , but I still feel sorry for them . They 've helped so many children , and now they 're dealing with this shit .|Thank you .
No , thanks , Frank .|I 'm too young for this shit .
Tony Toupee was owner of the bar in name only . It was really Sonny 's place .|Tony was a frustrated singer . Everybody hated his voice . So just for spite , he would never utter a spoken word . He would only sing it . He was Tony Toupee because of his lousy hairpiece .
HINDENBURG|FOUR DAYS BEFORE .
It was something about Karen . She was in Zeeland 's pocket . She met secretly with them behind your back . What meetings ?|Someone from Zeeland came , and she had a meeting with him . He didn 't even know who it was .
Come on , guys ! The fruits are hot .|You forgot to mention something .
Do not think I like it .|He only loves one thing .
He was " Whispers " because everything was a secret to him .|Danny K.O. knocked guys out ... and Bobby Bars spent half his life behind them . This was Sonny 's crew , and nobody fucked with these guys .
Of course I have to go well dressed .|Or maybe we can go to my house where the clothes do not matter .
Here !|Hey , stay there ! I can help bring the machine to the beach
I promised her . Louis , I liked her .|You 're just going to have to tell her the truth .
Why ?|You don 't fucking stop . Get the fuck out of here ! Nobody 's cooler than you , Sonny .
Thank you , Mr. Lehmann , an unforgettable setting .|Wonderful to be here in Frankfurt . My husband is Washington ... insisting Congress and the President to end the trade embargo . Due to the blockade of our company must not ... sell helium to Zeppelin Company . To tell the truth , has no future dirible ... without nonflammable helium . As we know , a little spark ... destroy the aircraft with flammable hydrogen . Fear is true due to hydrogen . And it is this fear that sales of tickets Zeppelin are so low . Excuse me , Mrs. Van Vandt . Let me support that Zeppelin Company made many scientific ... to make sure a hydrogen the alternative of a flammable helium . Sure , Zeppelin 's manager knows more about science I. I only know that Edward would be happy to sell their helium .
Come on !|When Sonny looked at me , I went deaf . I couldn 't hear . All I could see was Sonny with the gun in his hand .
I would be happy to buy it . Thank you . Thank you for coming , Ms. Van Zandt , and his lovely daughter Jennifer . Get up .|'s Her .
A girl ?|She told me her name .
Your problem is with me .|Oh , frustrated young man
Kids . Sometimes they make believe they see things . We didn 't pick your name out of a hat . We know he was there . So let 's go .|Son , here 's what I 'd like you to do for us . Take a walk downstairs with us and your father . We have people down there . I want you to pick out the person you saw with the gun . That 's it . You think you could do that for us ?
Yeah|Champagne ?
Give me an answer . How about him ?|How about him ? Is it this guy ?
I wouldn 't need a roofie . Jessica . Uh , might I have a private word ?|Actually , Harvey and I were doing ... Don 't mind me .
Give me an answer .|Hey ! Put your eyes up !
How about this guy ?|Let 's go . Hey , look straight ahead ! Over here .
I 'm sorry .|The company has been for my father all his life ...
The company has been for my father all his life ...|And because of the embargo , can be on the verge of bankruptcy .
And because of the embargo , can be on the verge of bankruptcy .|Mortified if you do not know this .
Hey ! Straight ahead .|How about this guy ? Is it him ?
I did a good thing for a bad man . I didn 't understand that at nine years old .|All I knew was ... a rat was the lowest thing you could be in my neighborhood ... and I didn 't rat .
Why did you say I did a good thing for a bad man ?|Because sometimes you have to do things that aren 't right .
So do I. Now , I see what you 're always talking about .| What was that supposed to mean ? What do you think it means ? It means you 're a dick . Fair point . I just didn 't know that she knew that . Everyone knows that .
We do our job first , then ice cream . Okay , Pop .|Here .
You sure you want to do this to her ?|You 're supposed to be on my side . I am . I 've got your back . Then , why are you giving me such a hard time about it ? Not only am I not giving you a hard time , but I am giving you this .
Time called . Blanchard back ...|Come on , Sonny .
Now , if you 'll excuse me ...|Where are you going ?
One out , unassisted , to Nelson , to end the sixth .|Southpaw hitter . Elroy Face ... staring down to his battery mate Hal Smith . Into the stretch . The little man sets . Here 's the first one to Blanchard . Outside and a ball .
Gisela . Gisela , a step forward .|Look at Goldie ... And do so . Do .
Apologize . Prece be yours . Surely it fell . Thank you . Normally , I 'm not distracted . Will be traveling a lot in Zepelins . No .|Next ! Well ... thanks again .
Oh , I 'm going to go get a drink while this is still a party .|Hi . May I ... Excuse me , good sir . Would you be so kind as to prepare me a
Southpaw hitter . Elroy Face ... staring down to his battery mate Hal Smith . Into the stretch . The little man sets . Here 's the first one to Blanchard . Outside and a ball .|See you later , Pop .
But you get involved with those guys , next thing , one , two three ...|I don 't like the way you look .
Macallan 25 , neat . Why don 't you put a banana in it for my man here ? With a drink like that , you might as well be in a zoo , playing about in the mud . Oh , you wouldn 't know anything about mud . It 's not for playing . It 's for cleansing .|You mud ?
Where is it ? Where is the bomb ?|Who did that ?
This is a lawsuit . Three lawsuits .|What have I gotten up to now ?
What have I gotten up to now ?|Not you , your clients .
Where is the bomb ?|No ! Where is the bomb ?
Not you , your clients .|Looks like one of their hobbies is fixing prices .
Looks like one of their hobbies is fixing prices .|I take it this means you 've discovered we 're in merger talks . Then , what are you going to do about it ? What would you have me do ? I 'd have you kiss my ass . Tempting .
Captain , almost everyone is on board ... Rittenberg but Fritz is the ship yet .|Give him 5 minutes , then . Rittenberg , who is ?
Can I ask you something ? Sure .|Did you shoot that man over a parking space ?
The whole area is closed .|Come here .
I don 't fucking believe it ! He did it !|Eleven . I made eleven passes in a row .
I 'm not a gambler . But in this case , I 'll make an exception .|You lose , we don 't merge .
I don 't know how much money Sonny won , but it was a lot .|He said the working man was a sucker ... and I was at the best school : the University of Belmont Ave . I was getting two educations : from the street and from school . That way I 'd be twice as smart as everybody .
What should I do ? Watch Zandt well advanced .|Make sure you remain silent .
Captain , sir ?|Message from the Gestapo in Frankfurt . Is encoded .
Well .|Looks like you two are getting along . Mmm .
Looks like you two are getting along . Mmm .|Harvey , look at what they can give us .
A wise decision .|Ms. Kerner .
Just tell Sonny that I took care of you .|I saw it was because of Sonny that everyone was being so nice . I liked it . I liked it a lot .
We finally got our own social club . We called it the Deuces Wild . Drinks were a buck and the jukebox paid the rent . We only cared about hanging out .|We would cut class and hang out all day and night . Nobody wanted to go home ... because you might leave and find out later you missed something .
He can 't , we send him back to England and he can spend his time fixing his teeth . Fine . You beat Edward , we don 't do this .|And since you didn 't want to hear Darby 's terms , these are mine .
And since you didn 't want to hear Darby 's terms , these are mine .|You win , you get what you want .
Who gave you this ? He asked me to deliver this .|Excuse me . Hey , where are you going ?
This music gives me a headache . You kids today don 't even know what good music is . This is good music .|Want to go to the fights with me tomorrow ?
Get another piece of pie for your wife|Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it 's like I 'll even eat a bean pie I don 't mind
Everybody wanna know how it feel Everybody wanna see what it 's like I 'll even eat a bean pie I don 't mind|Me and missy is so early Busy , busy making money
Want to go to the fights with me tomorrow ?|You listening to me ?
Worry about yourself , your family , the people that are important to you . That 's what it comes down to : availability . The people that see me every day that are on my side ... they feel safe because they know I 'm close . That gives them more reason to love me . The people that want to do otherwise , they think twice ... because they know I 'm close . That gives them more reason to fear me . Is it better to be loved or feared ?|That 's a good question . It 's nice to be both , but it 's difficult . But if I had my choice ... I would rather be feared .
Yet both of you knew about the merger and chose not to tell me . You should get lunch . Seems like you have a lot in common . Harvey ? Harvey . Can you stop being so defensive for one second ? You put me on the defensive . And I 'm not just going to stand here and listen to you because I went on the attack .|Harvey . No , don 't " Harvey " me . Okay ? You made your bed , and now you 're going to sleep in it alone .
No call .|Private Van Zandt .
Fear keeps them loyal to me . The trick is not being hated .|I treat my men good . But if I give too much , I 'm not needed . I give just enough where they need me but don 't hate me .
For the past nine months , I have been fending off attacks from Daniel Hardman , Allison Holt and Robert Zane .|I told you before . You want to get your name on the door , get it at your own goddamn firm .
I can not talk now . Ask him to call you back . This is the lock . 've Waited for weeks the opportunity to talk with the President .|Hello ? I communicate to Mr. Van Zandt .
I treat my men good . But if I give too much , I 'm not needed . I give just enough where they need me but don 't hate me .|Don 't forget what I 'm telling you .
Ah , it 's you .|God . Is Dad ?
One more beer . Got some thirsty people here . All right , brothers . If I may , a toast to our host . In the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Ghost ! Get wet , you dago wop ! Look at all this shit all over me !|Oh , you again , huh ? That wasn 't very nice . Now you got to leave . I 'll tell you when the fuck we leave . Get away from me .
MIKE : Hey . Hey .|I never got to buy you that drink last night .
I 'll talk to Mr. Lehmann .|Seal tightly .
Will change to the diesel engines and will cross Because I am the captain of the Hindenburg , and nothing will bring me out of my course .|Lakehurstiin will reach as quickly as possible .
Lakehurstiin will reach as quickly as possible .|Ernest , why do not you tell me who the suit shoved up your ass ?
I never got to buy you that drink last night .|They were free . I know .
The Hindenburg is now in Africa . Do not touch that . This is not a toy .|I would like to become a captain of Zeppelins . Do not you ? I went .
They were free . I know .|You left . I did . It was a nice party . It was .
Watch my car !|Fucking punks !
Leave them there like the dogs that they are .|They ruined my whole fucking lunch ! Come on !
I know that . It was Louis .|What ? The interviewer .
Tell Sonny thanks , but we 're good where we are . You 're welcome to come down . You know where the seats are . Anytime during the fight . Okay ? Okay . Thanks . Introducing the principals for this evening 's main event . He 's got seats for us . He 's trying to be our friend . I like my seat . I paid for it . You want to go down there , go .|Go ahead . Go down there . Welcome Eric " The Rock Man " Holland !
Tell me about the day you found out .|Rachel , come on . No .
I bring you , and you want to go with them . Go with them . You think I want to sit with you when you want to be with them ? From the Bronx , New York ... How do you think that makes me feel ? Joe Carey !|I 'm sorry if I hurt you , Dad .
I live down Webster Avenue . Is that all right ?|That 's no problem . Come on . Let 's go .
 What the ... Well ...|What the hell was that ?
Give me your hand .|It 's my good luck charm .
What was what ? What were you doing with Donna ?|I was caressing her lovely hand with my lovely lips . You know what I mean . What are you doing here ?
I was caressing her lovely hand with my lovely lips . You know what I mean . What are you doing here ?|Oh , that . I was being treated to a tour of your little outpost .
That 's no problem . Come on . Let 's go .|So you wait for your brother ?
Gestapo|Do not do anything stupid . Move !
Though truth be told , my favorite spot was inside Ms. Paulsen 's cubicle .|How could you ? Don 't . How could I what ?
How could you ? Don 't . How could I what ?|You let that man inside your cubicle . Inside my ... What ? Nigel Nesbitt . I mean , you let him ...
How about tomorrow ? 6 : 00 . We 'll meet in front . I 'll be waiting here till tomorrow then .|Oh , I 'm sorry . I mean I 'll meet you in front tomorrow .
This is national security . You have no authority on this .|Captain !
Already did .|Dr. Eckener says he knows nothing about it .
He 's doing an efficiency list .|Oh , thank God . Wait a second . I 've been asked to do an efficiency list . So ? Do one . No , you don 't get it . It 's inefficient to have two people doing efficiency lists .
It 's a test . To see who 's better . How dare they ? Man .|You know , it 's bad enough that smug bastard thinks he 's higher up on the mud chain than me .
You know , it 's bad enough that smug bastard thinks he 's higher up on the mud chain than me .|Is he ?
 What am I going to do ? Okay , I 'm going to tell you exactly what you 're going to do . You 're going to pull your shit together and you 're going to kick his limey ass .|You are goddamn right .
Dad , icebergs !|I do not like those storm clouds . Do not know if it 's good idea for the Zepelin fly through them . The storm did not cause any problems . The Zeppelin can get a million rays and nothing will happen .
C , come here !|Leave me alone !
Didn 't I tell you Slick was nothing but trouble ? Yeah , but he 's my friend .|He 's your friend . I 'm your friend , kid .
Uh , can I help you ? No , no , I 'm fine .|Just had a mochaccino .
Sometimes you get them all at once . Me ? I had my three when I was 16 . That happens . What are you gonna do ? That 's the way it goes , you know ? Tell you right now . See this girl ?|Maybe this girl puts wind in your sails .
You tell him that sometimes in the heat of passion ... the little head tells the big head what to do ... and that the big head should think twice about it .|All right . Be careful .
Our private lives are not your business .|A happy and loving family Kerner .
I wanted out , but I couldn 't get out of the car . What was I going to say ? " Let me out . I 'm afraid . " You better use that gun . I could never go back to that neighborhood . They would call me a punk , a dog , a mutt . They would say I got no heart . I kept hearing my father 's voice in my head . " Don 't blow it , son . These people will hurt you . Don 't waste your talent . " Then I kept hearing Sonny 's voice . " Be careful , C. Don 't lose it . Keep your head . " Somebody pulled the chain , and I was going down the toilet .|They want to throw eggs at our club ? We 'll give them a big surprise .
Who could imagine ?|I had no idea .
I had no idea .|A dramatic view , is not it ?
Just want to say ... if my wife or my daughter something happens ...|The agreement ends .
Willy , are you all right ?|Yeah , I 'm all right .
This is money . You are breaking the law .|There is no law in Germany to protect the Jews .
There is no law in Germany to protect the Jews .|I 'm tired of this obsession yours for being Jewish .
However , I graduated from both .|That 's inefficient .
Let my boy through .|Come here . All I could see was big smiling faces .
My list isn 't science , it 's a work of art .|Performance reviews versus projected billables .
I 'm so tired of everything .|Could have told me .
All of a sudden , out of all these smiling faces ... there was this one face . I couldn 't understand why I kept looking at this one face ... and then I realized he wasn 't smiling .|All I could see was this guy ... and nobody could see him but me .
I have friends in high places .|You 'll be safe with me .
Pet ownership . The three things are inextricably linked .| And I have the formula right here .
There were flowers all over the place . Gangsters have this thing about flowers .|Whoever sends the biggest arrangement cares the most .
Well , I have got something else for you to read . What ? A letter . Oh , sweet . It 's not even my birthday .  It 's not to you . It 's from you .|This is to Harvard . I 'm going over Sheila Sazs ' head and telling them everything that happened .  Well , you are . Rachel , you can 't ... No , come on . You said it yourself . It is not right that I 'm being denied admission because someone 's punishing Louis . It 's not . But I can 't sign this .
Did you see the way he went down ?|It was just like Sonny said it would be .
You know better than I that it is an adventure aboard . Nothing would have happened .|Do you prefer to stay with him than with me ? I 'm sorry . That 's the truth .
No , I 'm sorry .|Good afternoon , Ms. Kerner .
I had to tell the captain about you . Followed orders . Orders ?|Right .
Are you going to help me or not ?|I 'll help you .
I had no choice .|Do you know what your problem ? You went too far . When you have problems , blame all the world except yourself .
I 'll help you .|Whatever it is , I 'm not in the mood . I know about Rachel and Sheila and Harvard .
How ? Rachel told me .|She wants me to send this letter going over Sheila 's head . But it can 't come from me .
She might be my first great one .|I 'm going to go out with her . Thanks for helping me .
They all died . Slick , Aldo , Mario , Ralphie . All of them .|Sorry . I thought I was alone . I 'm just thinking out loud . That 's okay . It 's understandable .
Sorry . I thought I was alone . I 'm just thinking out loud . That 's okay . It 's understandable .|This man is a great man . He saved my life .
I need to save it .|What is this ?
It is .. better not to know .|These are the documents .
I wanted to inform you I 'm leaving town on the morrow . I 'll be having my number two handle the case for me . I expect you 'll do the same .|Why would I do that ? It 's tradition . I leave it to you . Honor it or don 't .
I know I can trust you .|Please ... You do not know what I would do .
Why would I do that ? It 's tradition . I leave it to you . Honor it or don 't .|I say we honor it . Oh . By the by , Downton Abbey ? Got it in my briefcase . Plan to watch it on the plane . Oh , my God . You are going to ... Please . Please . I abhor spoilers .
Episode three . That 's all I 'll say . Oh . Why don 't you two watch it together over a game of Tiddlywinks ?|You seem to be upset over my game of " Let 's put the peacock in its place . "
You seem to be upset over my game of " Let 's put the peacock in its place . "|I 'm glad you mentioned that . I brought a little  going away present for you .
Listen , I 've been away . But I 'll be in the neighborhood taking care of things for a while . You need anything , come and see me at the bar , okay ? I think I 'll give the bar a rest for a while , but thanks anyway . It 's okay . I understand .|Was that fight really over a parking space ?
Dad , what are you doing here ?|I came to pay my respects to your friend .
It 's okay .|Everything 's gonna be okay .
I never hated you . I guess it 's ... that I was mad at you because you made him grow up so fast .|May God have mercy on your soul .
This is the situation , Kerner . I wondered why so secret ... move to Argentina . Then I perceived .|You are rich , like most Jews .
Your clients don 't have the funds to proceed beyond , I 'd say , this week 's end .|Now , if you 'll excuse me .
Now , if you 'll excuse me .|Hey . Episode three .
See you around .|Let 's go home , C.
Lady Mary and The Turk do it .|And then The Turk dies .
Sonny and my father always said ... that when I get older I would understand .|Well , I finally did . I learned something from these two men . I learned to give love and get love unconditionally . You just have to accept people for what they are .
Sorry .|Jessica , you wanted to see me ? I thought you were supposed to be announced . You summoned me . That supersedes an announcement . How can I help you ?
How tetraethyl lead ?|How do you know that ? Because the company manufactures dad .
If the German air force had the tetraethyl papal these would be meaningless . Conmseguirlo Goering dies . It is crucial to Hitler 's plans .|Do not know what this is ? Invasion plans .
Do you really think you could take meetings with other firms and I wouldn 't know ? Why would I not ?|Because we have a deal . That deal presupposed that you could control your man . I can control him . Then why the hell did you allow our wager ? For the same damn reason you made it . If I can 't beat him , he won 't respect me . And if he doesn 't respect you , he won 't respect me .
Daniel . Let 's begin .|Ladies and gentlemen . Daniel Tosh .
Do you think the pump and it was withdrawn ?|I think it is located .
And he will eventually leave . And he 's too valuable an asset . I didn 't just fall off a turnip truck .|No . I don 't suppose you did . The truth is , you 're afraid you might lose .  I 'm afraid of nothing of the sort . Then why are you taking meetings with other firms ?
Thank you . Thank you .|I deserve that . I 'm really good . One of the best . That 's yeah , the best . Currently ranked number one in the world . So buckle up , you guys are in for a treat . 19000 people . This is awesome . Thank you . Seriously don 't look around . It 's 19,000 . People watching the TV they never know . They 're so stupid . That 's why they watch TV . It 's great to be here in the OC .
I never break my word .|Then there it is . Hmm .
It 's so hard to be a Christian in the west coast time zone .|I probably shouldn 't talk about church and say fucking in the same sentence . Or on Comedy Central . They don 't want me to swear . But , I love to swear and I don 't know that I 'm not allowed to swear . Right ? What if I die get up to heaven and God 's like : " Hey , man . Welcome to fuckin ' heaven . "
Do you think my father is involved in this ?|Everything revolves around the helium , tetraethyl , the embargo ...
I probably shouldn 't talk about church and say fucking in the same sentence . Or on Comedy Central . They don 't want me to swear . But , I love to swear and I don 't know that I 'm not allowed to swear . Right ? What if I die get up to heaven and God 's like : " Hey , man . Welcome to fuckin ' heaven . "|" Oh , my . What did you say ? " He 's like : " Welcome to fucking heaven . " " You can swear ? " He 's like : " Fuck yeah ! It 's fucking heaven . " " Oh , see I was always raised as a child never to swear . " " Where in the Bible does it say you can 't fucking swear ? " I 'm like : " No fucking where . " He 's like : " Yeah . Now you 're getting it . By the way I saw some slutty bitches by the pearly gates . You can go tap that . They ain 't getting in . " I 'm like : " What ? " He 's like : " No , I 'm kidding . You 're not in heaven . You 're in hell . You 're on PUNK 'D . " Oh , damn you , Ashton .
Then go ahead and take them .|But you 're wasting your time , because we 're not losing this case .
" Oh , my . What did you say ? " He 's like : " Welcome to fucking heaven . " " You can swear ? " He 's like : " Fuck yeah ! It 's fucking heaven . " " Oh , see I was always raised as a child never to swear . " " Where in the Bible does it say you can 't fucking swear ? " I 'm like : " No fucking where . " He 's like : " Yeah . Now you 're getting it . By the way I saw some slutty bitches by the pearly gates . You can go tap that . They ain 't getting in . " I 'm like : " What ? " He 's like : " No , I 'm kidding . You 're not in heaven . You 're in hell . You 're on PUNK 'D . " Oh , damn you , Ashton .|That one was elaborate .
Women like that Demi married a younger man because guys do it all the time and no one gives him grief for , but if a woman does it becomes an issue . OK . But the flip side of that is how about when a hot female teacher bangs a 14 year old student and nobody in society really has a problem with it . They all the same stupid joke : " Probably made the kid more popular . " That 's disgusting . She 's a pedophile , she should be in prison forever . I dated a teacher in high school . Yeah , it didn 't make me cooler . And a lot of you 're like : " That 's because you were home schooled . " Ok .|Valid . Valid point . Doesn 't mean I 'm a bad person . It just means statistically I 'm smarter than you are . And I had game .
Valid . Valid point . Doesn 't mean I 'm a bad person . It just means statistically I 'm smarter than you are . And I had game .|A leopard can carry two times its body weight into a tree .
Yeah , I 'm not talking about Mexico , either . I love Mexico . Beautiful beaches and fifty dollars never bought me so much weed .|Sure , there were branches in it . I don 't care . In a garbage bag . I was king for a day .
Here you are .|Thank you . It ruined my life . Do not ruined your life . I broke free .
You 're right . I 'm an idiot . But things are not always what they seem . Consider , for example , this scarf .|What is it really ?
Oh , I ran into him on my way in . I just sent him away . Why would you do that ? MSG ? It 's terrible for you . Plus , I ate it .|What 's this ? It 's what you 're going to use against Scottie tomorrow morning .
Can we agree that that 's disgusting ? Right , so I was gonna pull next to him to scream at him and then I realized it was an amputee making a left . I know but I already started to yell so I 'm : " Oh , your blinkers out ! " And he waved or kicked . Received the information .|If anybody ever asks you for directions and you have to point , point with 4 fingers . The look on their face will be the funniest thing you saw all day long . Just be : " Oh , yeah . It 's over there . "
There is another delay . The man knows pump has to react . And that means that we 'll find it .|Come .
Me ? You 're going in as number two . I don 't want to give Edward any excuses . You mean you don 't want to deal with Scottie . Well , that 's just a side benefit . Right .|Whoa . Wait a second . This is confidential information from the merger . Which you 're going to use to get us a reprieve . You broke the Chinese wall ? Why do you think I 'm here ? Harvey , this is inadmissible stuff . And it 's in the ballpark of what Tanner accused you of with Coastal Motors . You think I don 't know that ?
Are you sure you want to do this ? No , I 'm not .|But it 's the only way I see us getting a little breathing room . And I 'd rather cross my own line than sign their dotted one .
I can drink in peace ?|Wake up , Karl . Only a Jew .
Have you heard about this morning after pill or as I like to call it breakfast in bed ?|That a few women have taken and died a few days later ? Ho , talk about two birds .
What actually does , Mr. Kaufmann ?|Sauter , need to go to the cabin of Kaufmann .
Oh , yeah .|" Looks like I will be going to the game this weekend , fellas . Drinks are on me . I had a great week . "
Harvey .|We still have to work together after this . I am giving you a way out . We can still both be name partners . No , we can 't .
East .|Could it near a gas cell on the outside . Hard to see but easy to reach .
You 're angry . This isn 't funny , Harvey . You just broke the law . It 's a civil law . No one 's going to go to jail . You can justify it all you want , but you cheated . Like you subbing in for Scottie ?|I see what you 're doing . You know damn well Darby plays by the rules . So , if you win by cheating , you win . And if you lose , then they think you 're dirty and they won 't want to merge . You really want to merge with a man who 's asking for your help to win ? He didn 't ask . I insisted . On being his number two .
You think I 'm playing with you ?|That stunt you pulled ? Fruit from the poison tree . I will have that reversed on Tuesday . You think I 'm not going to find anything between now and Tuesday ? I know you won 't . Is that a threat ? It 's a prediction .
Going down in 15 minutes .|We need to get up there .
Ladies and Gentlemen . Prepare for approximation .|Air Traffic Control , get ready to approach .
Where you going to go ?|Hmm ? Even if I let you out , it 's the same out there , only worse .
Have you ? Seriously , have you ? Seriously , have you ?|Try to frown on a waverunner .
And you 'll be a winner , but not a leader .|And you won 't have me . You don 't know these people .
And you won 't have me . You don 't know these people .|I know they said I couldn 't control you .
Liberate the gas cells .|Elmo 's Fire . The storm carried the ship electrostatically . No ... gas ! Baja ! Hurry !
I 'm all for women that decided to get plastic surgery , because plastic surgery allows you the rare opportunity to make your outer apperance reflect your inner apperance . Fake . Which is a positive joke for women unless of course you have fake boobs . Let 's be honest you 're not bright enough to get that joke .|How 's that feel , whores ? Yeah , just keep telling yourself you did it so your shirts would fit better . You did it because you 're a whore . You forgot because you 're stupid . Enjoy your free drinks .
Where is the money ?|Mom ! Wait !
And here I am . I think that you lied to me .|I think that you 're wrong . You don 't even know what I 'm talking about . I know I 'm not a liar .
Stay ! Hold on the handrails !|SnapMeUp
I think it 's pretty obvious that I don 't pander in my act . But just in case there 's any women in here that have had plastic surgery or considering getting plastic surgery know that I 'm just making light of a social issue . I don 't give a shit either way at all . Please save your breath . Don 't come to me after show make : " I 've got fake boobs and I 'm not stupid . "|That 's the only thing I 've come up with to make that moment equally uncomfortable for you .
I don 't know if you 're familiar with the procedure , but they will take some from your back section inject it into your lips . What ? I don 't have a lot back there . So I was forced to use my dick fat . Because , I 've always been told I have a fat dick . That 's why I wear black condoms . Because , they 're slimming .|That 's a joke . I don 't wear condoms . I don 't . I don 't . It 's against my religion .
Are you in love with him , Donna ?|I am so fricking tired of people asking me that , and it is none of your business .
I am so fricking tired of people asking me that , and it is none of your business .|But , no .
Do you know how hard it is to grow up when you 're a little bit different than all the other kids ? Every day in school I would hear it : " There goes Daniel . He 's got a fat fat dick ! "|And I would run home crying : " Mother , why is my dick so fat ? " And she 'd like : " Because , your real father 's Samoan . " " Is that why I hate The Rock ? "
And I would run home crying : " Mother , why is my dick so fat ? " And she 'd like : " Because , your real father 's Samoan . " " Is that why I hate The Rock ? "|And she said yes and then we watched " The Rundown " and we wept . And yes chronologically this joke makes no sense at all . But I don 't know any older Samoans so The Rock is my dad .
I can do that every time , ladies .|Am I right ?
All you 've ever done is lie to him . This is not ...|This is not a lie .
This is not a lie .|Look , Dana , if you want to break through his anger , you 're going to have to do something .
So disgusting . What 's wrong with me ? Chapstick . You know what , let me tell you something . Chapstick . First of all , if you 're a man and you put your on , you have to put it on all the way around . You can 't just put on the bottom and go ... I mean you can , but then you have to keep the chapstick in your asshole .|Which isn 't a bad idea because I 'm always losing my chapstick . My favorite part of the day is when my upper lip gets dry enough that I can tuck it in and it stays . I 'm always like : " Yay ! It 's this time ! "
I don 't need to be told how hot Danica Patrick is . Do you really think she 's beautiful ? Danica ? She 's 4 ' 11 and bowlegged . You ever watched her walk to her car ?|There 's nothing hot about her . Maybe it 's sexy when her hair is blowing in the wind as she 's in last place . Or Maria Sharapova . " She 's breathtaking ! " Really ? When she was 13 and grunting I was into it , but now it doesn 't do much for me .
Excuse me , can we ?|Thank you .
Thank you .|Gently ! Up !
Applause break on a joke I 've never said before on my special . That 's rare . I 'm just saying . I 'm not tooting my own horn . I 've never said that in my life . Fucking improving up here . God . It 's unbelievable .|I can kegel 75 pounds . Is that a lot ? Is that good ?
I can kegel 75 pounds . Is that a lot ? Is that good ?|I don 't know . I 'm told it 's good .
Well , you did sandbag me with Jessica . Jessica sandbagged you with Jessica .|That still doesn 't explain why we 're meeting here .
Like I said . Baby Harvey . |We 're meeting here because you will never find this .
If this checks out , it will win the case for us . I know .|Then , why am I the one you 're giving this to ?
Then , why am I the one you 're giving this to ?|Because there are some things in life more important than winning ?
Merten !|I took for dead .
Because there are some things in life more important than winning ?|No , that 's not what I asked .
No , that 's not what I asked .|Why are you giving it to me ?
Why are you giving it to me ?|When we were in law school , Harvey 's brother got sick .
You know there 's actually a blood test out now where you can find out if your kid is gay or not ? Yeah , it 's an HIV test .|I know . Ok , I know .
There is one thing ...|You can do .
Mr. Van Zandt .|Dr. Eckener . Probably not believe in me ... but I very much regret what happened . I should have known . This was not the Hindenbrurg , right ? A Goering was not interested in Zeppelins that will use or helium or hydrogen . He wanted the precious additive to implement Hitler 's plans . Well , it seems you get what you want . What about you ? I just want my daughter back .
But it will definitely increase your odds of him using it .|I found something . Let me see . It 's not done . We have to hurry . But I can get it done before tomorrow morning . This is good .
I found something . Let me see . It 's not done . We have to hurry . But I can get it done before tomorrow morning . This is good .|I know . Get on it .
It is .|Talves must stay here .
Get out . Harvey , we can win with this . Here 's what you don 't get . You can 't trust her . If it came from her , it will come back to bite us in the ass . Tomorrow morning is coming . And we don 't have anything else . Then , go find me something . Okay .|Pardon me . Excuse me . Do you mind if I have a little more lemon ? Thanks .
One of us is .|It 's gross .
You were at the show ? Seat 4A . You ? Seat A4 .|Shakespeare well performed .
Then he answers the phone in the theater . " What 's going on ? No , I 'm in the movies . " This is what I said verbatim and I 'm not going to censor myself : " Hey , buddy . Get off the phone , please . " This is what he says to me : " Shut up and mind your own business , asshole . " Ha ! Now , there 's trouble in River City . I 'm a man . Not much of one , but a man . I will choke you if you 're younger , smaller and preferably white .|I had my hands on his neck and then I saw my bracelet staring right back at me . What Would Jesus Do ? So I lit him on fire and sent him to hell . I did . I had to .
There was a bunch of them . And , uh , every day , there was something new . Meaner and meaner .|Most of them were just followers . But there was that one .
You know people would be : " Did you see that guy come out of the bathroom ? The one with doves . It was beautiful . I bet that 's John Woo 's kid . "|Oh , balcony appreciating a Woo reference . Front row guy 's going : " Yes . " The rest of you google it . I don 't care . Hate you , Google . You 've caused a lot of problems in my relationship . I shared a computer with my girlfriend . She 'd look up anything . " I 'm gonna look up apples today . " She sets to " A " . Asian ass porn instantly ! Google 's like : " I 'll take it from here .
Sure . Yeah . I ... Yeah . Ah , you don 't remember me . It 's okay . I 've been following your career . Pretty impressive stuff . Well , it hasn 't exactly worked out that well for me . Ah ... shit happens .|Hey , look . I 'm , uh , gonna keep an eye out for you , all right ?
Hey , look . I 'm , uh , gonna keep an eye out for you , all right ?|Thank you . Eh . You know , over the years , I 've wanted to reach out to you , but I just never really , eh ... but here you are .
Thank you . Eh . You know , over the years , I 've wanted to reach out to you , but I just never really , eh ... but here you are .|Fucking Noah Solloway .  Okay .
Do you appreciate the picture I am painting ? I am jerking it in this joke ! This is highbrow stuff , guys .|I 'm gonna be so famous .
HELEN : Nothing too sweet .|Could you get a few more blankets ? It 's freezing in here . LIGAYA : Sure .
Highbrow poop joke . My father said " Impossible " , I said " Nay " .|Top that , Bob Newhart .
Nina , what are you doing ? I 'm crying , you asshole . Come on . You don 't cry . You 're the tough one , remember ?|Fucking take them , Noah .
I 'm gonna be cremated from the neck down . Yeah , then at my funeral when people are talking about me they have to hold my head . And then at the end they have to kick me into the audience and the audience has to keep me up for at least 3 hits or else you have to start the whole service over . And no cradlement . I want legit sets . Anyone seen Karch ?|Do you guys daydream about being on the Price Is Right as much as I do ? Contestants throw the last bid of the sweet spot . What are you gonna do ? You 're the last bidder . " One dollar . " Does your hoodie sweatshirt say " I go to the University of I waste my bid " ?
For a friend .|What the hell is wrong with you ?
Do you guys daydream about being on the Price Is Right as much as I do ? Contestants throw the last bid of the sweet spot . What are you gonna do ? You 're the last bidder . " One dollar . " Does your hoodie sweatshirt say " I go to the University of I waste my bid " ?|Because that 's what you just did .
That 's army .|I reckon you 've found your thief .
That 's dumb . The best bid statistically you have to muster up some courage to go , ok . " I need to know what the highest bid was . " 7 . " " Ok , 7,1 . "|" Ruined your day , didn 't I , lady ? Huh ? You got an awfully small window . Hope you nailed it . "
I 'm against it . Why ? Never mind . I 'm going to tell you why .|Because of Scottie .
If I can 't trust her , how can I trust any of it ? She 's showing you , you can by throwing it all away .|That folder is a wild goose chase . Oh , my God . For somebody who 's usually three steps ahead , you are a mile behind . She is in love with you , Harvey .
Don 't let her out of your sight .|Go and brush your teeth . Edward said not to let you out of my sight . Well , Edward 's a pill . You were going out , weren 't you ?
That folder is a wild goose chase . Oh , my God . For somebody who 's usually three steps ahead , you are a mile behind . She is in love with you , Harvey .|Only she can 't tell you that because she , like everybody else , knows that it will only drive you away . Donna . If she had shown up here and asked you to start a relationship , would you have said yes ?
Only she can 't tell you that because she , like everybody else , knows that it will only drive you away . Donna . If she had shown up here and asked you to start a relationship , would you have said yes ?|No , you wouldn 't have .
And you can 't go if I don 't go too .|You 'd have to do exactly what I say .
And that joke 's not even over ! Are you kidding me ? And sexually transmitted diseases would drop off completely !|Oh , I 'll feed you , baby birds .
And I am so sick of watching you fight like hell for everything that happens in here and nothing that happens in here . Is this about Zoe ? No .|Is this about you ? No .
This is about Scottie .|You don 't know what she did . I do know what she did .
You don 't know what she did . I do know what she did .|She cheated on her fiance . So , you think that that means that there will always be a chance that she will cheat on you . The difference is , she didn 't love him . She loves you .
Aye , all right . Come on .|Go on , all of you . Go home . It 's over .
Maybe you can 't trust her .|But if you want to end this merger , you better trust what she gave Mike .
I can 't . Why not ?|You don 't understand .
What do you think I did four hours ago ?|You wanted to see me ? That request went out two hours ago . Uh , yeah . I was in the middle of something . They ... What were you in the middle of ? Excuse me ?
You don 't know nowt about it .|About what ?
You said you were in the middle of something .|I assume it 's Harvey 's case . I can 't tell you that . You 're on the other side . Is there some rule against my checking on my own employee ?
I 'm confident that , after tomorrow , you 'll either settle or lose . And why is that ?|Because I 've prepared a motion based on a file dated September 14th .
Because I 've prepared a motion based on a file dated September 14th .|Darby didn 't tell me about that . He didn 't know about it .
It says you 're going to lose .|Then that 's too bad .
He hands me his mug of tea and says , " Hold that , Steve , I 'm just going for a leak . "|And then ...
I hate NASCAR and I hate hunting . Let 's combine them . Every year at Daytona 500 we release thousands of deer on the infield . Let him roam wherever they want . No restrictor plates at this race . I want top speed . 215 plus . They 're hitting deer . They 're exploding . People in the front row they 're treating it like a Gallagher show with plastic , you know . As guts come flying over the wall . Some lucky toothless broad jumps up : " I got antlers from Jr . This is the best day of my life ! Y 'all wanna see my titties ? " What ? No .|Ok . Now if we can just incorporate spousal abuse it will be like a redneck triathlon .
You 're going to go home .|You don 't call , you don 't answer and you don 't come back until that deadline is passed . Wait a minute . These are your clients . Who Harvey is using . That 's a bullshit argument . And so is that file .
What happened ?|I tripped over .
I tripped over .|Some bit of metal went through my leg . I just tripped , and I couldn 't get up and they all ran on without me .
You don 't do this , who 's to say you don 't end up in a cell for practicing law without a degree ?|Who 's to say you don 't share that cell with me for knowing about it the whole time ?
You don 't want to take that tact . I didn 't start it . I will beat you . The last time you said that to me , you thought you didn 't need a computer .|You were wrong . That was about demonstrating knowledge .
They all died .|Everyone .
You were wrong . That was about demonstrating knowledge .|And the stakes were nothing . This is about my power .
I should have been with ' em . Don 't say that . I should have .|I just fell . It were just chance . If I hadn 't then I would 've been with them . But you weren 't . I should 've been ! Don 't be daft . Why would you want to die ?
And the stakes were nothing . This is about my power .|And the stakes are everything .
We got company .|I 'm going to help Doc look for this Gorman idiot again .
You and me .|You broke the Chinese wall . I got information directly from Scottie . That 's two ethical violations that six weeks ago would have made your stomach turn . That 's not why you did it . Fine . But look me in the eye and tell me it 's not true anyway . You know what ? It doesn 't matter . Because you don 't get to make my decisions for me .
I 'm going to help Doc look for this Gorman idiot again .| Open the door !  I 'm sorry !
Hey , nap time 's over .|We gotta go .
I 'm sorry .|You 're back in the associates ' pool . Harvey , come on . Turns out you 're not the best lawyer I 've ever seen .
Psychotherapy ? Oh , hell no . Whatever it was , it 's home now . It 's like a dream .|Thank God , you 're safe . Welcome to Eden . My name is Mica . Thanks .
You 're three days early .|A problem ? No . No , we can give you half right now . Xavier ?
Come in . Come in , lad . Come in .|Leave ' em be , eh ? Come on .
And it wasn 't even up there yet , and you started acting like it was on top of mine . To protect you . Bullshit . This wasn 't about protecting me . This was about advancing you . That 's what this whole thing is about . What ? Hardman said it . I didn 't think it was true . He said you don 't trust me .|He meant you 're afraid of me .
Afraid of you ?|Boy , I just kicked your ass .
Harriet , say something .|When will you go ? When she finds a place , I suppose . So we 've still got time . Aye . Then we need to use it . What for ? Because we 've had it wrong all the time thinking it was the depot the spies were after . Well , it can 't be , cos that was Jimmy 's dad first off , and then Stephen . So the lights mean something else . They must do . And we still don 't know what . Aye , all right , then . Good . Still work to be done . Right . I 'll go to the sheep shed and keep watch . You best go home , see if Sam 's all right . You did good tonight , Hattie . Really .
Is that so ?|Magda . After all this time .
" They 're not German . They 're not the enemy " . Then why 's Thomas Brown got all this military information written down ? Lewis wrote them . They 're when he 's seen the lights at night . There are no lights ! If there are , it 's the Browns making them . Don 't you dare ! Thomas Brown 's got you looking everywhere for your little " spies " . Everywhere but right in front of your face . Where are you going ? I 've got to tell the police . Edward ! Don 't ! Please . You 've got it wrong . Just talk to him and you 'll see . I promise .|Don 't go to the police . Please .
Don 't go to the police . Please .|I thought you were going to bed .
No , you can 't make a sound|You can never break the silence in your heart
What 's going on ? I should ask you . What are you doing here ? It 's nowt to do with you .|The coast . The harbour . That 's where you 've been watching , then , is it ? Aye , so ? Traitor .
It 's in your bones|In your bones
I 'm guessing he wants revenge .|Magdalene said you were special . Just lucky . I 'm still alive and ... a bunch of our people aren 't .
Magdalene said you were special . Just lucky . I 'm still alive and ... a bunch of our people aren 't .|This place feels too good to be true . I was a skeptic at first , but inside these walls we 're free from the horrors out there . Or just hiding from reality . I had a friend who felt like you . Walls and barricades meant safety , but ... eventually the real world comes crashing in .
But then I found this place .|So you follow Mica now ? Like I found religion or something ? It 's not like that . Then what ?
That 's perfect . That 's just where a spy would want to be . We need to tell them now . There 's a ship due out tonight . Come on !|Where 's my father ? I don 't know . You changed the rota . He left about an hour ago . We need to use your bikes . You take that one . I 'll warn the harbour . You get the police . Who are you , giving orders ? If we don 't do this people will die .
I 'd tell you if you were staying , but ... it sounds like you 're moving on , so ...|Women 's dorms are this way . I 'll take it from here , Zorro . Thanks .
Thomas , aim for his head !|What 's this ? Don 't move . If he moves , fire ! All of you ! We 've got you surrounded . So don 't move . Just stay right there .
You don 't know ... the pain . I do , honey , I promise you I do . Beth , pull up on the abdominal wall more . Like that . Rupturing the membrane .|Ok , here we go . Here we go . Take a deep breath . Take a deep breath .
Ok , here we go . Here we go . Take a deep breath . Take a deep breath .|Good job .
Wow , Louis . That 's the sweetest story I 've ever heard .|I broke my word . What ?
You could get hurt . She 's not on her own !|What 's he doing here , anyhow ?
I broke my word . What ?|I put him on the list and I handed it out . How could you do that ?
You did it .|Ok . Ok . How is the baby ?
Is everything alright ? Yeah . Look , Mica , there are no children here .|What 's gonna happen to that baby ?
Evening , George .|What 's all this , then ? You tell me . Some kind of kids ' game . He 's a spy . Don 't be daft . Then what 's he doing here , then ? That 's enough . This lot set on me . I heard you did the same to the postman last year . Someone should tell their parents about this lot . Hey ! Give that back ! See ! He uses this to send his messages . I 'm the harbour master , for heaven 's sake , of course I 've got a signalling lamp . How do you expect the ships to get in and out ? He 's lying ! I have seen it from the sheep shed and the cottage ! It 's a code . There 's numbers . Fours and sevens and ... And they change , if there 's a ship or not .
Not that .|I couldn 't be a good friend to Nigel , but I could have been a good friend to Rachel . And I wasn 't . What are you talking about ? I missed the deadline to tell her something .
So Peggy and the others didn 't get knocked up by you .|This is not a cult .
But I could still try to make it right .|I 'm a man of my word . Huh .
Hey .|You did good .
Axel would have been proud .|No he wouldn 't .
She was an extraordinary woman .|Sometimes you remind me of her very much .
You say you 're a man of your word , yet you 're lying for her .|I am . Honorable nonetheless . What would you have me do ? Give her her job back .
Whatever she did , you wouldn 't have this merger without her .|Fair enough .
Would you have her work here or in London ?|Rachel , look , I 'm sorry . But I am not ... When did you send that letter ?
You shut the door , and you left him to die .|He kept you alive .
To any true forsyte , there is something repugnant about men so careless of their appearance as Philip Bosinney .|It argues a lack of deference towards the rules of polite society , towards Forsytes , in other words , that strikes them as immoral , if not positively dangerous .
We 're leaving in the morning . You can stay here or go wherever you want . I don 't care .|This is where we say goodbye .
But soames , though a forsyte through and through , is clever enough himself to recognize brains in others .|He might despise Bosinney , but he intended to use his ability .
How long have I ... been like this ? The fever came on after you ate that bad mushroom . It 's breaking now .|Here . Drink .
The doctor ? What doctor ?|She 's new . Birthed a baby today . It was incredible .
That 's not what you meant and you know it .|You 've been cagey with me since the second I came to you about the letter , and you 're being cagey with me right now . You are . You 're lying to me . Not today . Rachel , please . Stop . Then what day , Mike ? Because it 's always something . It is always some secret or some story or some lie . You don 't understand . I don 't understand what ? You don 't understand what I have been through . You don 't understand what I have lost .
You 've been cagey with me since the second I came to you about the letter , and you 're being cagey with me right now . You are . You 're lying to me . Not today . Rachel , please . Stop . Then what day , Mike ? Because it 's always something . It is always some secret or some story or some lie . You don 't understand . I don 't understand what ? You don 't understand what I have been through . You don 't understand what I have lost .|Because it 's everything . Everyone that I love . Trevor , my grandmother , Harvey . Now , probably , this job . I am not ready to lose you .
I never went to Harvard .|What ?
And ... let your thoughts take you back to that time ... to that place .|When your pain began .
This site is the cheapest we 've go at the top of the hill , they 're dearer by quite a bit .|It 's possible I may not build at all . The ground rent 's very high .
What did you do to him ? Oh , I ... I simply showed him a path . Nothing more . He 's the one who took the steps .|That sounds like a lot of new age psychobabble bullshit to me .
You 'll find nothing like it near London .|Well , I haven 't made up my mind yet .
Not slippers , exactly .|They 're called British morning socks .
Um , Marshall , your mom asked me to carry this up . She turned her ankle on your Hot Wheels . Is my track okay ? It 's fine , but , Marshall , I thought you were here taking care of your mom . It seems like she 's taking care of you . My mom loves to feel needed . Letting her take care of me is how I 'm taking care of her .|She 's in a dark place , Lily . She needs this . Mom ? You forgot my chocolate milk with the swirly straw ! JUDY : Oops . Comin ' right up ! Ow . Ow .  : She needs this . Marshall , tomorrow 's Valentine 's . Don 't you want to be at home on our couch , cuddling up under a warm blanket , watching the Predator use his heat vision to stalk helpless prey ?
With all of her ... abilities .|Certainly I can see why she 's being hunted .
Hang the cost , man . Look at the view .|For 8000 I could build you a palace .
I 'm sorry . No , it 's ok .|I kept them safe after the rising . Brought them here .
Well ?|Well , I 've taken that site of yours , after all .
Soames is a brick .|Really a brick . To think that I should ever say that .
Baby , don 't go .|Please come home soon .
Mom died a month back .|Never got over his loss .
It just kind of happened .|Are you ... one of them ? No .
Mom ! Leave the crusts on !|They forced their opponents to scatter , picking them off , one by one , in a swift and merciless slaughter .
Never mind about that . It 's what comes after that counts .|You 'll be known . You 'll be famous .
Wow . Laser tag sounds brilliant ! Oh , it is . Plus , if you win , you get free pizza ! This is my teammate for tomorrow . Oh , yeah , I agreed to that . Where are Bev and Anna ? Well ... So , we 're taking off . What ? Those guys are gonna buy us hot dogs at Grey 's Papaya . ROBIN : What ... ? So that 's it ? A couple of white Urkels offer you sausages , and you 're gone ? What about the sisterhood ? Solidarity ? The color purple ? But tomorrow 's Valentine 's Day . I thought we didn 't care about Valentine 's Day . Look , Robin , you 'll find someone , too . You 're a queen . You 've got so much to offer . Maybe do something with that hair .|I 'm telling you . The power of Valentine 's Day . I 'm Huey Lewis , and you just heard the news .
I 'm ...|I have ... abilities .
Well , of course it is .|Irene , you 'll have no end of trouble .
Irene , you 'll have no end of trouble .|People will come for miles to see it .
Ferals die .|All with a bite .
And soames won 't let any of them inside the gate .|Philip ... may I call you that ? We 're going to be cousins . I 'm honored .
Or a curse . Depends .|You could be the difference . Hope instead of fear . A better future for that newborn baby .
Now let 's meet our star . Joining us this evening , the divine , the perfect Miss Eartha Kitt . Eartha , thank you so much for being here .|Categories start on fashion . Take a look at this photograph . Can you tell me what kind of beard this man is wearing ?
You heard wrong .|Come on .
What nonsense . Soames loves to show off .|You know he does , Irene . Why , look how he insists on your going to the best dressmakers . And the jewels he keeps buying you , why ... yes , you 're right and I 'm wrong . Soames is very proud of his possessions .
That 's all . Tomorrow and for several days , a television crew will be walking the halls , taping a piece on Oz for their newsmagazine .|Quiet down ! Quiet !
Don 't you think he 's a wonderful man ?|Thank you , Smither .
I 'm not the man I was .|Or maybe now I 'm the man I always was and never knew . All these incidents involved two other prisoners , Christopher Keller and Vernon Schillinger . Tell me about your relationship with them .
What 's going on ? Well , either he stole drugs or he owes for drugs .|So there a lot of drugs in Oswald ?
Drop your weapons .|Drop them !
All about the dear queen 's naval review at Spithead .|Oh , yes .
I don 't know , you tell me .|We sing in the choir together .
For the jubilee , of course . I should like to have seen it .|Timothy says it 's a great waste of money , all that coal being burnt up in battleships .
And then he 's worrying about the dear queen .|He thinks she might have caught a chill .
It 's alright , friend . A decision has already been made . The hell does that mean ? It means you are murderers , your friends are murderers . Vanessa has taken Theo away . Was this your plan all along ? What plan ? We 're just trying to survive . What about you , Mica ?|Huh ? Is your whole deal survival ? You know , your blood pact with your wife .
Have you ever been harassed ? Have you ever been sexually threatened by one of the inmates ? No . No .|Hey , what are we gonna do about Beecher ?
They were married . Some kind of sick , twisted deal you got going on , uh ? No , no , no . I love Magdalene . It 's true . But she turned . And when she turned she would have killed all of us so I did what I had to do for us . Mohamad ?|What the hell 's going on here ? Take her . They don 't follow orders from you . Neither do I. Not anymore .
You 're a fine one to talk , friend . This from the man who dreamed of killing his family before he turned . Fantasized about it . I told you that in confidence . Yes , well your friends should know who you are .|You are a sick bastard .
You are a sick bastard .|It 's over .
It 's over .|Magdalene will come for you . And she will kill you all . Except for you . You she will trade in to Julius and life here will go back ... Ahh !
When you see Soames , tell him from me ... tell him to be very careful .|We 're not supposed to talk about it , but I thought that you , as Soames ' sister , would naturally be the first to hear .
Here you go . Home sweet home .|Come on , let 's go .
Why not ? It 's true . It is not .|And if it were , it 's disgraceful to say so .
Thank God for that .|Can 't stand no motherfucking faggots . Drive me crazy .
I can tell you one thing .|Now she has the buccaneer in town , she won 't give two pence for you , as you 'll discover .
Count !|88P728 , 96J522 , 98A498 , 92M220 .
Not that it matters .|We 're going to live in the country .
88P728 , 96J522 , 98A498 , 92M220 .|Yo , yo , dog . Dog , I need your help .
Come on , man . You know me , man . Come on . Why you wanna do me like that , dog ?|Omar , my man . Jesus Christ , you 're looking a little crispy there , brother .
I was never meant to be human again .|Please .
I knew already . June , I suppose .|This family . You 're one of them .
This family . You 're one of them .|I suppose you don 't want to go .
I suppose you don 't want to go .|Well , you never seem contented here .
I 'm not sure about all the details yet , but something happened surrounding the death of an inmate .|Yeah , and evidently it 's on videotape . Well , the sooner you get here , the better .
If it 's so important to you , why don 't you ask ?|Oh , God , what am I going to do ?
Just , it 's my first Thanksgiving as a part of the family , and I want to contribute like everyone else does . Even Boyd does those amazing hand turkeys . I mean , what genius thought of that ?|Oh .
Gentlemen ? We 're ready if you are .|Well , just relax , speak your mind .
Well , just relax , speak your mind .|Minister Said , you murdered Simon Adebisi .
Then why did you ask to move into Adebisi 's pod ?|You see , I have here a form signed by you , requesting the change .
I am done talking with you . Minister , we are only trying to get the facts . That part of the story is over . Don 't you understand ? Adebisi is dead . Adebisi is irrelevant . Nothing that brings about the death of a man is irrelevant . You want us to hear what you have to say , fine . You have to tell us what we need to know first . And then which part will be aired ?|They 're definitely working the angle on Adebisi .
Has Mr. Gobbles met Mr. Garbage ? Have you ... Have you talked to Chuck since he got back ? I didn 't know that he was back . Yeah . Carol said last night . You might want to go over and see how he 's doing . Why ? Because he just buried his father . He might want to talk about it . Why the hell would anybody want to talk about something like that ? Well , Chuck might . I mean , you 're ... you 're his friend . Eh ... Listen , I talked to him before he left . Said when he gets back he could take some time off . I gave him the best possible gift ... space . You give that gift a lot .  Why do men keep everything bottled up ? Well , because the best things come in bottles ? Yeah ? Beer , those little ships ... light beer .|Why don 't you take him this pie , huh , and just say hello . You know , when my dad dies , I hope people are sensitive enough just to leave me alone .
You can 't swing a cat here . The house is a rectangle .|This is a covered court , and this is for your pictures , divided from the court by curtains .
Apple .|So , um , listen , if , um , Vanessa asks , we talked , okay ? Same with Carol . Yeah . How ... How ... You know , how , uh ... Look ... Look , man , I 'm fine . I 'm fine . My dad and I weren 't close . He 's been sick for a while . He 's in a better place now . An expensive urn . Well , if you need any more time off , it 's okay with me . I 'll take a few days . Next June , at your cabin .
Draw them aside and you have a space of 51 by 23 , 6 .|Now this end wall is all window .
Now this end wall is all window .|You 've got a north light from there , and a southeast light from the court .
And what about that videotape ? Have you seen it ? Has Glynn ?|Come on . Talk to me .
Because some mishandling of the job was exposed on TV ?|I 've spent my entire life punishing people , and over the years , I 've had to make choices . Some were good and some led to violence . Lives have been lost and I ... I wonder , could I have stopped the carnage ?
The man just lost his father . We wait two weeks .|We 're not firing anybody . His dad left him a car , which I 'd like to buy , but he doesn 't want to sell it . Everything in the world is for sale at the right price , which is why I own Richard Nixon 's pitching wedge . You know , he probably thinks you 're trying to lowball him . You know , there 's a rumor you 're cheap . I know that ' cause I started it . There 's a rumor you 're getting fired . I know because I 'm the boss .
We 're not firing anybody . His dad left him a car , which I 'd like to buy , but he doesn 't want to sell it . Everything in the world is for sale at the right price , which is why I own Richard Nixon 's pitching wedge . You know , he probably thinks you 're trying to lowball him . You know , there 's a rumor you 're cheap . I know that ' cause I started it . There 's a rumor you 're getting fired . I know because I 'm the boss .|I offered him 10 grand . I think that 's very fair . 10 grand ? That 's too much . You 're not cheap ... You 're an idiot . Chuck 's a proud man . Probably thinks you made an overly generous offer because you feel sorry for him . Could be . I had just given him a pie .
Yes , I see what it is .|I can 't say I 'm surprised .
I can 't say I 'm surprised .|You want one of my uncle 's houses , just like anybody else 's .
If Vanessa asks , we didn 't talk .|Same with Carol . Have a nice Thanksgiving , Larabee . You do the same , Baxter .
Yes , it 's certainly original . It covers a lot of ground . Space , air , light .|You can 't live like a gentleman in one of my uncle 's .
Excuse me .|Hello , Lester . Good luck ith the telecast , I 'll be watching . Thanks . Simon , please meet the girl I 'm going to marry . This is the famous , or infamous , Simon Templar .
He builds for manufacturers .|Yes , I dare say .
Jenny , I love you . Then please ... You heard what Fernack said . Leave Grendel to the police . Please ?|It 's gettin ' late and I got an article to write .
I say my prayers and sleep .|And what do you pray for ?
Yes , it is . I 'll call you back .|My boys 'll go up and give your apartment the once over , then stay here all night . Fine , thanks .
What about before the accident ?|Do you remember anything about that ? There are flashes once in a while , like now .
We met many years ago . You were 1 5 .|You , your brother and I , we talked about your lives in the gang .
You , your brother and I , we talked about your lives in the gang .|You made Mama sad . You made Mama cry .
I guess you did . Now you can go put them back . Every one of them . And in future , I will make the tea .|OK .
Nobody 's perfect , boss .|You ain 't sore at me ? No , Hoppy , I 'm not sore . How about some hot coffee , huh ? OK , boss . As soon as I put the bottles back .
Your ER rotation is officially over .|E. R. 11x14 " JUST AS I AM " Subtitles subXpacio
Why don 't the cops haul him in ? He has 10 lawyers keeping his murders legal . What are you gonna do , boss ? Take over where Lester Boyd left off .|Hello , New York Evening Herald ? This is Simon Templar . I 'd like to speak to the editor , please .
I didn 't see anything , either . Do you ever ?|I have enemies . What man in my position hasn 't ? Helps to know their names , don 't it ? Otherwise you get scared . Verna , you 're thinking again . That 's not why I keep you around .
I have enemies . What man in my position hasn 't ? Helps to know their names , don 't it ? Otherwise you get scared . Verna , you 're thinking again . That 's not why I keep you around .|Good evening . I 'm here tonight because the man Who should be in this chair is dead .
We 'll take care of that . When did her symptoms start ?|Two years ago . She was only 58 .
Ask him !|Ask him ?
What you do is so important .|I guess I was scared .
As it happens , yes .|Just for the record , how much did it cost ?
Yes , I 'm sure you can .|That was fun .
You maniac !|You destructive maniac !
Very well , very well .|But I 'll tell you this , my girl , you never know who you 're going to need in this world .
But I 'll tell you this , my girl , you never know who you 're going to need in this world .|Cabbie !
I gotta get my coat .|A lot of people brought their families . I have two children . Two other children . Carl 's 26 . He does something with the county court system that I don 't understand . And Laurie 's a year out of college , free spirit bouncing around .
Wait a minute .|It was OK an hour ago , now it 's dead . OK , come on in .
Did you ever want to keep me ?|Oh , of course . Cody and I had a whole plan . He was gonna quit school , get work . There was a room over his parents ' garage where we could live .
What ?|No , no . You mean he 's asking for mr . Forsyte .
Does that make sense ?|They took you so fast .
 ' Attention , please . 'This is the last call to passengers 'for Pan American flight 114 for Paris . '|Any time I fly anywhere I wonder who will sit next to me . This flight from New York to Paris takes seven hours . It can seem like seven days , unless you 're lucky enough to be sitting next to someone absolutely fascinating . Today I feel lucky . This trip I know she will be absolutely gorgeous .  In there .
Jo ...|I can 't turn him away .
I can 't turn him away .|No , no , of course not .
Well , can I ?|Will you ask mr . Forsyte , please to join us ?
All Jesus ' children are perfect .|And my father , Cody , he didn 't go with you ?
You know that patient who was here this morning ? Sharon Williams .|She wasn 't really a patient . Yeah ?
She wasn 't really a patient . Yeah ?|Do you remember when I was looking for my birth mother ?
Isn 't that your perpetual shadow , Sergeant Luduc ?|Excuse me , I have a rather unpleasant task . Inspector , does it involve Valerie North ? Do you know her ? I 've been sitting next to her on the plane for seven hours . Come with me . My shoulder is too old and hard for a woman to cry on .
Mademoiselle , I know these things do happen . One wonders whether there is any goodness left anywhere in the world . But in his wisdom le Bon Dieu , he ...|Well , I 'm very , very sorry .
Don 't worry about this place . We 'll be fine . I 'll try to stop by later .|Susan , thanks .
Well , did you like living over there ?|I was different simply for being white . No one seemed to even notice the crutch .
I was different simply for being white . No one seemed to even notice the crutch .|And then , my parents were older , their health wasn 't so great so we moved back to Minneapolis when I was 12 . And they both passed away when I was in college . So they never got to see you become a doctor ?
And then , my parents were older , their health wasn 't so great so we moved back to Minneapolis when I was 12 . And they both passed away when I was in college . So they never got to see you become a doctor ?|They would have been so proud of you .
Whew . That was a shock .|He should have known it would be .
I 'm proud of you .|My biggest regret is that they never got to meet their grandson . You have a family ?
Antoine , you haven 't changed a bit .|Is there anything else I can do ? Yes , do you by any chance have a doctor friend with a microscope ? It is done .
Fine . I 'll see you at 11 : 00 . Ah , Simon ... The memories , eh ?|And all so long ago .
And all so long ago .|You were so brave . And so very , very young .
He had his family , his precious family , his position in society . He had his money and his damnable pride . If that was enough for him then , why isn 't it now ? Let him go to those things for comfort if he 's lonely . Don 't they exist any longer ?|Perhaps they don 't mean so much . He chose them .
I can only imagine how difficult this has been .|But you have to have faith . Paul wrote in Romans 8 : I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor rulers nor things present nor things to come can separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord .
Loved stealing cars . Just had a real passion for it . Do you have any pictures of my father ? Just one .|When I was away in Indiana , Cody drove all the way up to see me . Didn 't even have a license yet .
When I was away in Indiana , Cody drove all the way up to see me . Didn 't even have a license yet .|For the life of me , I don 't know what we thought we had to smile about .
But it 's true nevertheless .|I think that 's what weighed most with him nine years ago .
You 're gay ?|Yes .
Soon we shall be very rich again .|Carving the Lord 's Prayer on the head of a pin is nothing compared to this . Here . Take a look .
Do you really want me to be harsh with him ?|Will he come here again ?
Will he come here again ?|I think so , if we let him .
Now , where is she ? Don 't . She 's with Olivant . Villa Pressage , Rue du Nord , St Cloud . Antoine , you still have the cellar ? Everything is the same . Even the bookcase worked . Fine . Right , move , you two .|Antoine , take care of them .
I think , mademoiselle , we are about to have a visitor .|Your friend Mr Templar is saving me a lot of trouble .
Come on !|Get him off of me . Beth ! Come on ! Where the hell are you ? Beth ! Beth ! Get them off of me , Beth !
That 'll be far enough .|Well , what do we have here ?
Well , what do we have here ?|A shopping expedition ?
Come on .|Nice little house you have here .
I shouldn 't have come , Jo , but I ... will she forgive me ?|I expect so . Just give her time .
 Monsieur Olivant ? ! Henri Flandin . Traitor , collaborator . He betrayed your father to the Nazis . That is a lie ! You were Eli Brione 's best friend . He told you about the message on those medals and you swore to find his children and tell them . How do you know that ? Do you remember the night of the drop ?|I paid my debt . Eight years in prison as a collaborator ? I served my sentence .
Ah , time .|You don 't know you 're wasting it till it 's gone .
Faith is the only thing that gave me hope gave me courage .|I can 't abandon it too .
Machine guns , pistols , ammunition . The men crossed the clearing to pick up the supplies . Suddenly , the woods were full of storm troopers .|In a hail of bullets , 27 of those men fell dead .
Can you accept me for who I am ?|I can love you , whoever you are . I don 't want love without acceptance .
Let them in .|Them ?  The three who escaped .
Yes .|Want to look around ?
Want to look around ?|Mr. Bosinney is here , madam , to see mr . Forsyte .
We were trying for opposite shifts .|I had to make a switch . We have a gig on Saturday . I 'm sorry .
I wish I could have known him . This is what he engraved on the medals .|" I , Eli Brione , bequeath to the bearer " of whom this shall be sufficient identification " one half of the 500,000 francs on deposit in my name " in account number 48976 at the Swiss National Bank in Geneva . "
" I , Eli Brione , bequeath to the bearer " of whom this shall be sufficient identification " one half of the 500,000 francs on deposit in my name " in account number 48976 at the Swiss National Bank in Geneva . "|It 's 100,000 dollars .
It 's 100,000 dollars .|I wish Charles could have shared it . Try not to think too much about that . Think of the future .
And ask mr . Bosinney to come in here . Shall I stop or don 't you mind ? No . You play very well .|Why ? When I ask you to continue . Because music and conversation don 't go well together . One spoils the other . Well then , play .
No , something 's wrong .|I can 't open my eyes . I can 't move .
I can 't open my eyes . I can 't move .|Somebody help me .
I don 't flirt . If I look at you it 's because I can 't bear to look at anything else .|You 're very direct . What else should I be ? I 'm an architect , not a politician .
You 're very direct . What else should I be ? I 'm an architect , not a politician .|If I see something to admire , I admire it openly .
Yes , of course .|To the future , then ?
Written and played by|What 's your best price ? I can go down to to 1,7 , but any less than that and I am losing money .
That 's a long story , and rather a sad one .|May we leave it at that ?
That 's a good sign . Try to write again .|Come on .
Then all I can say is you 've made a pretty mess of things . But I told you a dozen times there 'd be extras .|I know that , and I wouldn 't object to a ten pound note here and there . But this ? ! Most of it 's due to your own suggestions . You want double value for your money and when you get it , you don 't want to pay for it .
Okay , let 's put this up . Watch your leg .|And let 's get you out of this thing , okay ? There you go .
Must have been 500 people there . Add police presence , throw a bottle . All of a sudden there 's looting going on . Not me . What are the odds I 'd have gotten hit , you know ? Eyes are pretty irritated . Can you follow my finger ?|That tear gas is some nasty stuff .
That tear gas is some nasty stuff .|Did you get a TV out of the deal ? I told you , I was just walking by . All right ?
In the South , I 'll have to get it cleaned . It must be immaculate , as it is . Thank you !|Put it into the glove compartment !
It 's okay . You can come closer .|Honey ?
Give consent , please .|Okay .
The day after I began to have some leaks , so I thought that was it . You see by the mucus , as they are irritated , they get less sensitive .|When I was in Lille , I was 19 at best , I had a blue spot on my ... on my stuff .
So I ran to the hospital , the nurse scrubbed it with some gauze and told me : " Syphilis . Get up on the 5th floor . 14 months of cyanide and penicillin . " You imagine that ? You 're nuts ! When I was your age , syphilis , it lasted for 7 years ! That guy , his life was fucked ! 7 years without a shag ? ! You couldn 't fuck for 14 months ? No , after 15 days you can . Well , I was lucky , I just broke my pecker with Marie . I was dripping blood . I thought she had her monthly . What actually happened was that my tendon was sliced ! There was blood all other the sheets . Me , it was very different . It 's really personal . I prefer not talk about it . It 's very special , well ... It annoys me .|You 're not the kind of guy who belches ! I do belch , but when I do , I don 't know why , I 'm lucky enough to have my hand in front of my mouth . Yeah ? And when you fart , you put your hand in front of your ass ?
I pulled the chart . Good .|Do you like burgers ?
Send her your love and good thoughts , okay ?|I called my mom a bitch today .
Interrupt me with schubert , if you like . But not with " pass the salt . "|Come to Robin hill , come on sunday , by yourself . We can go over the house together . I 've promised to go driving with uncle Swithin . The big one ? Excellent .
Make him bring you with him . It 'll do his horses a power of good . Irene , you must .|Why ?
Blended .|Folding like water .
Lake .|That smell .
So it 's over . Listen , I thought that ...|I thought we said it was over . It was agreed . It 's over , we don 't see each other anymore , or what ?
Not much . Just working .|Where are you going ?
And I can 't say it , okay ?|I 'm sorry .
The day you stop thinking you 're a victim !|Dude , you 're not the only one with problems . Shit happens to me , too . It happens to everyone ! Just look around you ! Can you give me a glass of water please !
Wendall .|Fluoro on .
There 's just my mom . In there .|Hello ? Ms. Davis ?
Oh , God .|She got sick . A week ago .
There are 4 coffees to pay for , sir .|Who is gonna pay for those coffees ?
Stop it !|But stop !
Get the heck out of here !|Get the heck out of here !
Yes . Yes .|What is he doing ? !
June 's or anyone else 's . That 's all , my eye .|No , you 're wrong . No .
Now finish your drink , dear boy . Unless you intend taking it into the stalls .|June ?
I had no idea homework could be so funny .|It 's suicide . I don 't care . I 'm going in .
Cynthia just got back from a semester in Europe and she 's totally changed . She 's bitter and sarcastic . I could pull it off , but on her it 's really unpleasant . Malcolm , can you move the herd to move an inch to the left so I could get past ? I 'm sorry , did you say inch ? Don 't you mean 2.54 centimetres or 0.254 decimetres , or 25.4 million nanometres ? Guys , stop teasing her . You stink at it . Don 't defend her , Malcolm . If I wanted abuse I 'd talk to my oboe teacher . She 's ... dead ... to us .|Hey . Are you OK ? What do you mean ? You 've been acting kinda strange . Malcolm , look around and reconsider your definition of strange .
It 's been kept hot for you . Nothing , thank you .|Good night , my darling .
Scissors for the nose hairs !|Would you please stop staring ?
Haven 't you seen his wallet ? Why ? It 's empty ? No , it 's made of plastic !|The car , too !
Help !|I just do ! There doesn 't need to be a reason !
Irene ?|No , thank you .
I am not cursed ! I am not cursed !|Get off the field ! Excuse me !
This view is good enough for me .|Would you mind if we ... ?
Would you mind if we ... ?|Not at all . Not at all .
I think it helped Cynthia to talk . She 's in a better mood . She even stuck her homework on Dabney 's back . Agh ! What 're you doing ? ! Algebra .|What did he say to you ? Malcolm , calm down ! I 'm just helping him with his homework . Reese doesn 't care about school . So I thought , but when he asked me for help he sounded so pathetic , I couldn 't say no .
" The Lord loved us as we have never loved . "|" He guides us every day like a star in the night . "
How are you doing on number five ? Awful . I 'm not gonna get this . I 'm such an idiot . No , you 're not . Everyone says I 'm an idiot all the time . Well , he IS ! Malcolm . It 's not his fault . Someone at some point decided I was dumb , and that 's all anyone ever sees in me . Why do they always focus on one detail , never the whole person ?|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|You missed another shift ! I 'm not walking away from this totem pole when I 'm this close to figuring out what it 's trying to tell me . Have you eaten anything ? Fasting helps my meditation . There 's some kind of energy here . It gave me that dream . It 's trying to help me . We 're getting rid of it and putting you back on corn dogs and porn for your own safety .
" This is the bread of friendship , the bread of God . "|The body of Christ . " This is my body , take and eat . "
All right .|You 're safe now .
What did we eat ? Sausage , bananas . Maybe it 's the smell of the egg . No ? Does the smell of the egg disturb you ? Huh ?|Indeed , he is very pale . He is really pale , eh ?
Yes , I know .|How much is it this time ?
Ohhh ! How could you be so creepy ? Don 't you have any sense of decency towards a fellow human being ?  I have feelings ! I will be treated with respect ! I will not be objectified ! I will not be humiliated ! Now kiss my shoe ! Kiss ... my ... shoe ! The private says , " But , General , I didn 't touch your toast ! "  Something 's different about you . Did you get a haircut ? Very stylish .  Cynthia , did you like Europe ? I did . I forget sometimes that there 's a whole world out there that 's not full of prurient adolescent boys . There are people who treat me nicely and keep their mouths shut . I get it !|Yes ? Is Lois here ? Honey ? Oh , God , are you Lois ' husband ? So who 's married to the bald guy with the earring ? Donna . I thought that was one house I didn 't have to go to . Excuse me . Oh , I lived in your house while you were on vacation last month . We didn 't go on vacation . Darn it !
Winifred , look . You can count on me if it comes to it , but what with one thing and another ... well , the house ... no , it 's sweet of you , dear , but I shouldn 't dream of it .|I only wanted to tell somebody .
I only wanted to tell somebody .|Is the house very expensive ? More than I bargained for .
That chap Bosinney ... hello , Winifred .|How nice to see you .
Oh !|Stevie 's dad got three extra tickets to the Demolition Derby ! Cool ! That 's not the best part ! We get the handicapped seats in the front !
Stevie 's dad got three extra tickets to the Demolition Derby ! Cool ! That 's not the best part ! We get the handicapped seats in the front !|Mom , can we go to the Demolition Derby tomorrow ? Demolition Derby ? What ? You wanna go tomorrow ? Yeah . Why not ? Our punishment 's over tonight . Think we may have something planned for tomorrow ? The Demolition Derby . Or could it be that tomorrow is your father 's birthday ? ! Oh . We talked about this ! Maybe Dad can come with us . Yeah , we could get him a ticket as a present . You 're not going anywhere ! You 're staying at home and we 're gonna throw your father a party like we talked about ! I have something very special planned . Like what ? It 's none of your business . It 's a surprise . I can 't believe you ! You have to be forced into celebrating your father 's birthday ? ! You should be ashamed of yourselves ! You don 't have to yell , we can hear you just fine if you talk in a normal tone of voice .
Mom , can we go to the Demolition Derby tomorrow ? Demolition Derby ? What ? You wanna go tomorrow ? Yeah . Why not ? Our punishment 's over tonight . Think we may have something planned for tomorrow ? The Demolition Derby . Or could it be that tomorrow is your father 's birthday ? ! Oh . We talked about this ! Maybe Dad can come with us . Yeah , we could get him a ticket as a present . You 're not going anywhere ! You 're staying at home and we 're gonna throw your father a party like we talked about ! I have something very special planned . Like what ? It 's none of your business . It 's a surprise . I can 't believe you ! You have to be forced into celebrating your father 's birthday ? ! You should be ashamed of yourselves ! You don 't have to yell , we can hear you just fine if you talk in a normal tone of voice .|I 'm OK with the present system . Get back to work .
It really fits you that you 're reading " Queen of the idiots " !|It really pisses you off that I said that , eh ? Eh ? That get on your tits , huh ?
But I tell you she did .|When I pulled the beasts up , there she was , cool as ... cool as myself . Bless my soul . She behaved as if she didn 't care whether she broke her neck or not .
And then she came out with it .|" I don 't care if I never get home . "
But , life is crazy !|Yes !
Oh , what a dreadful thing to say .|Irreligious , I call it . What do you think she meant ? I wonder what mr . Scoles would think . Who the deuce cares ?
Yes !|Yes , but no ... Don 't get all upset ... No ... Don 't get all ... No ... Listen , if it doesn 't arrive on time , I will cut my mustache . All right ?
We 're married . Hi .|I was gonna tell you over the phone and then I thought , why not bring her down here and surprise you ! You 're married ? Piama and I are husband and wife . We got married last week . Last week ? Francis , who is this woman ? She 's my wife . Her name is Piama . Hello .
We don 't want to be a part of this family any more , we 're leaving ! Oh , great , here we go with the dramatics ! Who else wants cake ? ! Thank you . You 're welcome . Who wants some delicious damn cake ? Can Piama have a rose ? Why not ? There 's plenty to go around ! I 'm the one who broke the ice maker last year ! Why do you have to ruin everything ? ! Well , I learned from the best , Mom !|.
Yeah , well he still needs to see me !|Yeah , well listen , Camille , this is what you think . Allow me to think differently , huh ?
Yeah , well listen , Camille , this is what you think . Allow me to think differently , huh ?|Ah yeah , that 's it . I am banned from home so ... Huh ? That 's it .
But I 'll tell you one thing .|That young architect chap , what 's his name ?
If you want I can lend you " The Queen of the Idiots " . Well , it 's not time to mess with me , my dear Daniel ! Be careful with me , eh ! You don 't scare me ! And I 'd advise you to be scared !|If you have problems with your wife , it 's not my fault !
I 'm sorry .|Didn 't I tell you flowers were a great idea ?
Didn 't I tell you flowers were a great idea ?|OK , we 're all set . You have the Plaza burger , the main lobster , the porterhouse , large French fries and the complete dessert cart .
That 's a pretty bracelet . Thank you .|What kinda stone is that ? Turquoise . Francis got it for me . Oh .
It makes me come right away ! Me too ! When a girl is lifting her ass , holding her pussy out from behind , and she has to stretch her pussy out !|And you fondle her breast !
So , ... .. what 's gonna happen ?|I don 't know . What is gonna happen ?
There was a parade and I shouted myself hoarse , though whether I knew what I was shouting about ?|Anyway , my father gave me half a sovereign and anne gave me a shilling .
I don 't know . What is gonna happen ?| Good news ! The boys stole my credit card ! We just have to call the credit card company and ...
George the third coins . Got them to this day .|Ann had memories .
He is not too nasty , huh ? Watch .|Take it , Klouk .
Beat it , Vicky . We 'll finish the cuffs later .|OK , boys , get your things , we 're going home . No ! We 're not going back there ! You can 't stay here for ever . What you gonna do , live under a bridge and steal food out of dumpsters ? We 're not going home ! We 've had it with the way you treat us and all the yelling ! You are a terrible influence on us ! All you ever do is scream ! And order us around ! Something 's wrong with this family ! Families should have some way of communicating besides yelling ! OK , everybody , calm down . I understand what you 're saying , I am not gonna yell , I am not gonna scream . We are capable of talking about this without raising our voices . Now , boys , I want you to understand I 'm sorry about what happened . But you have to understand I get a little emotional when I learn that my oldest son was acting like an idiot and throwing his life away . Now , that doesn 't mean ...
Take , this is for my son . And about Camille , she will have to work . I stopped working with her father .|You will understand I couldn 't keep this money . Yeah .
She loved the family and of all the children , Jo , she loved you best .|She gave me a pair of silver buckles that belonged to my grandfather , Superior Dosset Forsyte , that old rogue . Yes , I 've seen them . He may have been a rogue but he was honest . Don 't you forget it . Now as I said , ann was fond of you . That is why I want you to come to her funeral .
She gave me a pair of silver buckles that belonged to my grandfather , Superior Dosset Forsyte , that old rogue . Yes , I 've seen them . He may have been a rogue but he was honest . Don 't you forget it . Now as I said , ann was fond of you . That is why I want you to come to her funeral .|No . No .
How you doing ? I 'm hot and I 'm bored . What is this stuff ? It smells awful . What are you doing ? There 's bare patches all over the place . Are you paying attention to what you 're doing ? I get grounded plenty , Ed , I know grunt work . Why don 't you go fix Mrs Collins 's garage door and get off my back ? ! What did you say ? You heard me . Oh , my God , what do you know ? Formulate your megabytes next time you get rid of your computer . Oh , and by the way , ... Mrs Swanback ? ! You are sick ! Keep your voice down . Look , it 's not my fault . I try to be faithful but the women on this block are just so desperate and lonely . It 's like I cast some kind of spell . I try to tell ' em no , but it always leads to a back rub . I know , Ed , I read all about it . Is that you , Ed ? Ah , I 'm a little busy right now , Martha .|Look , you can 't tell my wife . You can 't tell anyone , please . I 'll do anything . I 'll do anything you ask .
But how do you fight something that 's invisible ?|Simple . Orbit Complete with xylitol helps protect teeth from plaque .
We evaluated the damages .|Around 200 francs for the bed , 200 francs for the magnetic tapes . You know ...
I still think they could be happier . Let 's send Reese to China . What are you ... changing ... .. about Malcolm ? Nothing , he 's fine . He 's burning ... .. himself ... with a cigarette . Just a phase . "  "|Where were you ? I 've been waiting for that lotion . Look , a freckle . My wife gets back soon . It 'll be hard explaining why I 'm catering to a 15 year old . I 'll explain if you want me to . It 's OK , forget it . Fly . Where ? Just a drill .
"  "|Well , the oak seems to burn a few degrees hotter than the maple .
Are we going ? Yes .|Daddy , I want Mum in the car !
He 's really hurting me !|Your kid is crazy !
Nothing I do has any effect . If I give them money , take it away , make them ugly or Canadian , everything works out beautifully for them and horrible for me . Dewey ... .. just became ... Pope . And I weigh 500 pounds . That 's it , I 'm just going to have to kill them . Go to counter . Get knife . Kill them .|No , don 't make yourself a sandwich . Kill ! Kill ! No , not yourself . Don 't kill , don 't kill .
Uuurrgh !|This means nothing !
Lavernia , I 'm sorry . I just talked to my wife . This was all a big misunderstanding . She 's sorry , too , and we just want you to have ...|I guess I should have put a blanket on this on the way over . I just want you to know that I ... 
Just pretend to !|He left such a mark !
OK , boys , we have come a long way and today is the day we show what we 're made of . Now , who are we ?  The forces of good ! And who 's evil ?  The Gophers !  We 've got a schedule change , coach . The Gophers didn 't show up . You 're playing the Black Hawks .  Don 't worry , I 'll call it before it gets ugly . We 're playing the Black Hawks again ? ! You 're forgetting your mission . You 're here to fight evil and they are the most evil of all . When the teacher remembers to give you homework right before you leave school , the Black Hawks are behind it . When your mother says , " You can 't watch TV , " the Black Hawks told her to say that . All those Christmas presents you wanted . Do you know who got them ? The Black Hawks . If it were up to them , we wouldn 't have Christmas !  I , for one , am glad we have the chance to fight for what is right and good ! Now , I ask you boys , who are we going to beat ? ! The Black Hawks ! And what are they ? Evil ! Yeah ! Teams , take the field . I love you , boys .|I 've done all the coaching I can do . The rest is up to them .
You can bite the nougat ! Do you want another one ?|Give , I will suck your finger .
Yes , I do .|After all , you and my father pushed me into the first steps .
But how do you fight something that 's invisible ?|Simple . Orbit Complete with xylitol helps protect teeth from plaque . Now available in tasty strawberry and lemon lime flavour .
Yes , I suppose so .|Now that she 's getting married , she 's going to leave your father anyway .
Congratulations !|It is 5 o 'clock !
Our only problem is our parents think we 're lying and we 're not . Hey ! A breakthrough ! You 're obviously a very bright young man . Would you like to spend the hour telling me how bright you are ?|OK , let 's talk about your parents . Now , if you had to describe them in a few words , how would you do that ?
After all , I took you away from her mother . Yes , so you did .|You deprived a Forsyte of her property , and that 's unforgivable . You see ? She must hate me . My darling , I was only joking . Yes , I know you were . But I worry . Then you mustn 't . It was all a long time ago . June 's grown up now . She has her own life to lead . Yes , of course .
OK , let 's talk about your parents . Now , if you had to describe them in a few words , how would you do that ?|I don 't know . Mom is ... .. Mom .
Your boss will explain it to you .|If you can joke easily , certainly , you will also find work that easily .
If I remember , that 's when I began to like you too .|Off you go . Do your shopping . And I 'll meet you at my father 's at 4 : 00 .
Go ! Hit the road !|Unemployment ...
Dettol protects . Fact .|Dettol Handwash also kills harmful bacteria on your hands . Fact .
Do you think she 's beautiful ?|Yes . Yes , I do .
Very well !|Fine .
No , no , the expression . How you used to look sometimes , before we became free .|She 's waiting .
For whom , do you think ? Her husband or ... or her lover ?|My god .
My god .|Jo , do you recognize her ?
Oh , my ...|Alright , son . Son , I think you 've learned your lesson . OK . Thanks , Dad . Gotta stop doing this .
Alright , son . Son , I think you 've learned your lesson . OK . Thanks , Dad . Gotta stop doing this .|Hup ! Aaaarrrrggghhhh !  Agh !
But it can 't be .|Why , that 's the man that June 's going to marry . Yes , my darling . It is .
Agh ! Aargh !|Oh ! Argh ! Aarrgh !
In a big bed with a man . We have the choice , we are 4 ! Ah , we are 3 !|It 's true . One of us counts for nothing ! No , but seriously , Joseph , are you kidding or not ?
I am looking . They are in love .|I must go , before he recognizes me . No , wait .
Stevie , back me up on this . That 's what she looked like , right ? Can we go now ? I get to lead ! No , rear . No , wait . Front ! I 'll scout ahead !|What ? You are talking about his mom . Change the subject . Show some class . OK , I get it . Whoo , Stevie ! Is that you or the sewer ? !
Cook 's rather proud of them . Oh , no .|Oh , yes , yes , yes .
What a jerk ! I find it kind of hard to think of making another child ... when there are 200.000 ones on welfare who are likely miserable ! But if you can 't have a child ! But there are some available ! Already done ! The girl won 't even have to deliver . Isn 't it good ?|Well , there are women who have the need to deliver ! Right , Klouk ?
For grandpapa .|No cream , but I expect you remember that .
Anyway , if one of you changes his mind , you can come talk to me .|It 's true , you have never seen Agathe !
You know who 's a joke ? Girls ! Yeah ! They make our lives miserable . You can never understand what they want . They always say , " Stop staring . " They don 't laugh at farts ! They only wanna talk about clothes . They cry ... all ... the time . Man , this is helping us get out | Whoo ! Time ? Time ? ! 11 minutes .  In yer face ! See ? The wife did have time to run down here from home ! That leaves her ... two minutes to stab him , remove the head , and still make it to the party in time . It makes sense ! And the blood magically jumped to his clothes  Do you really need this spelled out ? After killing her husband , she took off the bloody suit and rubbed it all over Moynihan ! Impossible ! You just don 't wanna be proven wrong ! I am not wrong ! The knife entered at a downward angle . She was 5 ' 2 " . He was 6 ' 4 " . She 'd have had to ask him to pick her up so she could stab him ! She could 've stood on something ! Oh , she brought a stepladder  Look ! A milk crate ! She could 've hidden behind the dumpster , stood on the crate , pulled out the knife and stabbed him several times with a downward motion , like this !  Agh !
Your skin will get wrinkled your hair will thin , and your teeth will fall out . Yes ... you too .|No matter who you are , or how rich , you can 't buy a longer life . You see , we have a biological clock . If we look after ourselves , it 'll tick for 70 or 80 years or so , before it stops .
Now I 'm as interested in art as the next man , but it is a luxury , not a necessity like ... like tea , for instance .|Touche .
Touche .|I still think it 's disgraceful . An artist works and slaves to create something beautiful , and nobody cares whether he lives or dies .
The witness saw Marty gassing up the motorcycle an hour after the theft . That gas station closes at 5 : 00 . Not on Fridays . That 's in the transcript . Er , I think we 're ready for another vote ! Lois ?|Go ahead . By show of hands , who thinks the defendant is guilty ?
I think I have to excuse myself from this jury . All in favour ?|I 'm trying to be the best me I can be , but I don 't know what to say to girls , so I say something mean . I 'm afraid of getting hurt . My problem is , I get so frustrated over things I can 't control . I forget people have their own will . I play ... .. mind games . It 's all ... I have . Why isn 't there ever a flash flood when you need one ? I really want a girlfriend . I want somebody to hang out with ! Yeah . Someone you can talk to . Someone ... to hug . Someone to show my poetry to . You write ... poetry ?
When that happens , old age can be pretty miserable .|Those of us engaged in age research are trying to find a way to get all the bits to last as long as each other .
Then speak up .|This is my family .
Look at them . All they 're thinking about is how many places they 'll dispose of my body . Hey , Ian , Eddie ! How are you doing ?|What are you doing ? There 's no more seats . There 's a seat over there .
And you may be .|Well ?
Scoot over . Go sit down . You 're gonna get in trouble .|Hey ! Hey ! Wassup ? Wassup ?
Hey ! Hey ! Wassup ? Wassup ?|God , it 's so great to have a normal conversation .
The construction of my house is finished , there now remains the decorations .|The cost so far is much higher than I intended to pay , much higher than his estimates .
The medication dilates the blood vessels to increase flow of blood to the brain . But we can not turn the clock back , unfortunately .|It 's that Retke on the phone again .
Now , as you know it was agreed that he should do the decorations .|So .. I ventured to write to him asking for a detailed estimate and urging the strictest economy .
So .. I ventured to write to him asking for a detailed estimate and urging the strictest economy .|Perhaps you might be interested to hear the gist of his reply . What 's all this got to do with us ?
Excuse me .|Hey , Stevie . It looks like everyone found a place . Parasites adapting to a new host body . Except Herkabe , I guess .
She 's only been on it for 6 weeks .|They 're going to cut our project funding next year .
Well , that seems clear enough .|Yes . I 'm to give a free hand to spend my money like water .
It 's his house . Phil 's ! I beg your pardon ?|I know it 's your money , but that 's all .
Let me make this easy . I 'm not leaving until I know you 're at work and I can wait all day . All I 've got is school .|Hey , Malcolm ! I 'm sorry . I can 't listen to you talk about who 's hot . This stuff used to sound fine to me , but now it 's stupid ! You are stupid ! I don 't mean that in an insulting way . I mean that in a factual way . You wanna say hot in a different language ? There are 700 languages ! Vary it a little ! We came to tell you a fight 's going down at the school . Between who ? Everybody . Oh , man !
They are 200 years old .|Some reach 250 .
Wha ... ? Wha ... ? !|What happened ? I cleaned them up . You knocked them over ? ! Without me ? ! Why would I knock them over ? I spent four days setting them up .
Appears to have you in a cleft stick .|No .
These seem like some pretty big issues . Yeah . You know , we got married so fast ... So what are we gonna do ?|We both like wrestling movies . Yeah , and we both like pizza . I love pizza ! Sausage and mushroom ? Yeah , ... on half .
Deploy special shield .  We 're just right , we 're OK , we 're smarter now than yesterday ! School is fun , cos learning is for everyone .|They 've got Derek . He bites . No ! Stop ! This has gone too far . Look what you 've been reduced to ! I 'm helping ! We all used to hate this school equally ! We hated the teachers ! We hated the administration ! We hated the building ! But now you 've taken that hate and turned it against each other ! And why ? Because people dress differently or talk differently ? ! You 're just making school even worse ! Dabney was a Krelboyne two weeks ago . Now he 's a jock ! That proves that these differences are meaningless . We need to focus on what makes us the same , because if we hate each other , who 's gonna hate school ? You were a Krelboyne ? Ha ! You 've got a Krelboyne ! You guys got one right behind you ! He 's the one who wanted to fight in the first place ! Hey , we got one , too ! I found one !
It surprises me that no one else has thought of it .|Where in the brain is it produced ? The pineal gland .
When did you start taking it .|Four years ago .
No , you can manage your own affairs . I 'll have nothing to do with it . You can leave me out of it . And me , I 'm afraid . He 's unlikely to listen to anything I might say .|I should like to ask a question if I may , because no one has mentioned it . Now this house is finished , the construction , of course .
Then I had violent convulsions when the muscles began to tighten .|You need to find something , Peter !
No ?|Then I think you should be content .
Sorry . Go back to sleep .| Come and go .  It turns out it was all a simple misunderstanding !
How seldom can one find the perfect thing ?|When you do , you should be content , whatever you have to pay .
Stay in school .|Hey ! Where are your helmets ? That 's not safe ! Who the hell are you ? !
That was taken just a week before .|I was feeling great .
I 'm exceedingly obliged to you all .|Good day .
I was feeling great .|My cell samples showed that I 'd barely aged in three years .
My cell samples showed that I 'd barely aged in three years .|Nor had Marianne .
All the same , my dear , he 's an ugly customer , especially where property 's concerned .|Perhaps you had better have a word with young Bosinney .
Nobody sees me like this , except Marianne and my doctor .|They take all the tests you need .
They take all the tests you need .|From Kurt 's right foot .
Oh , Jo ... ? Yes , please , please.Please do .|June .
Closer . Closer !|Ahh ! Hot ! Hot ! Hot ! Hot !
From a 10 year old ...|And now down below ...
   | It looks like someone smashed up your trash cans pretty good . If you brought them in on time it wouldn 't happen .
 It looks like someone smashed up your trash cans pretty good . If you brought them in on time it wouldn 't happen .|Oliver ! Is my milk shake ready ? It was supposed to be ready an hour ago ! If it 's warm , you can go ahead and drink it cos I won 't !
I don 't need help . Not from anyone , and especially not from you .|Jo , my dear boy .
Jo , my dear boy .|I don 't know what to make of him .
Alright , I will ! Where is it ? !|Oliver ?
They tell me he works hard , but I see no good coming of it .|He 's impractical , no method .
Oliver ?|You know , I 've changed my mind . I 'm not in the mood for milk shake now .  Oh , well ! Since you did go to all that trouble ! 
He never comes here now , but when he did , he never looked at June the way he ought to .|He 's not after her money .
45 years head and the left side of the torso .|The brain ?
I am gonna pound your head out through your butt and then I 'm gonna make you kiss it ! I am very sorry , sir ! Oh , yeah , you 're gonna be sorry ! Where ya goin ' ? You running away , little girl ? Come out here and fight like a man !|Hey , Mom , what are you doing ? Unloading the groceries . You 're a little far on the sidewalk , aren 't you ? Who cares ? Grab a bag . You have to leave the sidewalk free . Stop stalling and help unload .
But she won 't . She 'll stick to him , never let go .|Well , I 've persuaded her to come away with me for a month . Switzerland .
Well , I 've persuaded her to come away with me for a month . Switzerland .|She used to like the mountains . She 's gone to her room .
How do you know ? We saw them together . Today in the gardens , when I was painting .|So it is true .
So it is true .|And I 'm afraid it 's the real thing , father .
Behind you !  Urgh ! Huh ? Oh ! What the hell is wrong with that monkey ? ! He 's crazy ! Well , he picked the wrong guy to mess with !| OH ! Oh , no ! God , please , no !  Pick up Craig !
How can you tell ?|By their attitude towards each other , by their faces , hers especially .
Can you try and put me through quickly ...|It 's very important .
 Not my Romulus !  |Hah !
Hah !| Oh ! Oh ! Ohh ! Ooomph !
 I wouldn 't have pictured it ending like this !|Huh ? '  ' Take that , you damn dirty helper monkey !
No reason ... you walked up and clocked a guy for no reason . That 's not good enough .|I guess I was just having a bad day . And this is how you deal with it ?
Jo , darling , it 's a very small thing to be laughed at .|June 's your daughter , and she needs help .
I guess I was just having a bad day . And this is how you deal with it ?|How do you think this reflects on me , on our family ?
Johansen was dead as a scientist .|He didn 't understand his results . Like Kurt now ?
Very well . I 'll think about it . But if I do decide to go see him , don 't expect anything to come of it .|From what I 've heard today , this young mr . Bosinney is not the easiest man to deal with .
Suddenly , I 'm Kurt 's only chance .|Ironic , eh ?
You get full credit for the discovery of " Genesis " .|That 's not what worries me . I 'm starting to realise this isn 't a nightmare but it is happening now .
" Dear Forsyte : If you think that in such a delicate matter as decoration|I can bind myself to the exact pound , I 'm afraid you 're mistaken . I can see that you are tired of the arrangement and of me , and therefore I had better resign . "
And suddenly you 've loaded all the responsibility onto me .|You can go to hell !
You have a free hand in the terms of this correspondence . "|Pompous ass .
There 's his latest one .|" Dear Forsyte , very well .
" Dear Forsyte , very well .|Philip Bosinney . "
Hey , I know you .|I know you ... I ... I know you from somewhere . It 's not that big a school , so ... No , it 's not from school . It 's from someplace specific . Man , it is right on the tip of my brain . No , I 've got one of those faces , you know , so ...
Do you ever play in any tennis tournaments ? No .|Annie ! How about another picture ?
And begin to go backwards .|But how ?
When do you think we can come ?|Any time you like .
But how ?|And why ?
And why ?|There 's not a thing in Dr Retke 's research results , on that subject .
This is your fault . Me ?|I didn 't write that .
I daresay she 'll have plenty to say about the decoration .|You can ask her , but I doubt if she 'll go .
The fact is that Kurt got going with all this without knowing anything at all .|Some vague modeling outlines and a few worthless viral experiments .
We 're at your disposal .|The first step must be to chart GDF 's ... route to " Genesis " .
I never used to have any trouble with them .|But now , " won 't do this , won 't do that . "
Who 's best with the PET camera ?|Do we really have time to start from the beginning ?
Are you going to look at this or not ? Kurt could very well be dead before get started .|It 's essential I see him .
Girls , come on .|Silver ...
Now you take my advice . Don 't you listen to anything they say at Timothy 's , or anywhere else for that matter . I don 't .|She 's a good little thing at heart . Your mother 's quite sure of that .
Got your text .|What , you got a new rule about who I can and can 't talk to in the lunchroom ? No , I just need yournput .
It 's essential I see him .|You have all the cell tests .
Because she 's , like , so far out of my league that I feel like I 'm dreaming .|She 's with me ?
Like inject him with saline solution or cortisone or something . It doesn 't matter what we do ...|Just so long as we appear to be doing something !
I can 't show what i haven 't got .|I don 't know what you 're about .
It 's true .|Come here .
Need any help ?|I come bearing paper towels .
There are some real jerks in this place . I 'll say .|Look , I know Naomi is acting nuts around you , but it 's only because she 's still crazy about Liam . So get over it .
I left after the climax of the evening .|Shall we dance ?
Tonight , it 's the same for everyone , right ?|Doctor Wall ...
No , y ... you can 't have it both ways . She didn 't send the sext . Of course she sent it . She said she 'd never seen that picture before today . Yeah , because she 's lying , Silver . Don 't you get it ? She wants to screw me over .|I 'm innocent here and she 's a bitch , and I ... I 'm going to prove it . I am going to expose her for who she really is .
So I 'm gonna take that as a little sign that you and I probably shouldn 't be hanging out . Yeah , well , you 're the one who did this . You took the picture . Okay ? You have to help me . Please ?|All right , but it 's going to cost you .
If I may intrude , Mrs Lind .|I 've been looking for you .
I can 't get a plain answer to a plain question , but there it is .|Well , don 't say i haven 't warned you . Soames doesn 't talk much , but he won 't put up with a great deal more of this sort of thing . What sort of thing ?
Let me tell you , you 'll have nobody but yourself to blame .|What 's more , you 'll get no sympathy from anyone . Thank you.I 'll bear that in mind .
Whatever happens , I 'm to get no sympathy .|It 's a long time since I expected any .
I was so whipped .|So whipped .
So whipped .|But you know what ? The past is the past .
You 've been spending money pretty freely here , I should say .|Now what did that cost ?
I 'm going to find me a female Dixon . Okay , I 'm picturing the start of a very bad Tyler Perry flick .|Hey , guys .
What up , t ? Teddy . So there 's going to be this party on my dad 's yacht this Saturday . The weather should be nice , so ... I know , late notice and all , but , uh ... What do you say ?|Well , actually , Navid and I ... we have plans . Well , we 'll reschedule .
Well , I don 't see what you want with a tree .|It shall come down tomorrow . Don 't say I thought it should come down . I know nothing about it . No ? Nothing to do with me . You do it on your own responsibility .
Better leave the tree alone . It 's not your tree .|You must have spent a deuce of a lot on these columns . Now what did they cost ?
You must have spent a deuce of a lot on these columns . Now what did they cost ?|Can 't tell you offhand , but I know it was a deuce of a lot .
Can 't tell you offhand , but I know it was a deuce of a lot .|I should think so . I should ... the picture gallery lies behind these curtains , worked by these ropes .
Operation overcompensate .|Watch and learn .
One hour awake , one hour unconscious .|Is that better or worse ?
Is that better or worse ?|You were the one who said ...
You were the one who said ...|This doesn 't happen in reality !
You should have been better informed .|We have a proposal .
I 'm Dixon , by the way .|Hi , Dixon , I 'm Sasha . Nice to meet you . Nice to meet you .
Where 's Marianne ? Back in the lab .|We can talk more freely without her .
I was lectured all the way down , but it was worth it . When shall I see you again ? Soon .|Bosinney !
Chemical engineers .|But Retke built us up . It feels like we 've got to be part of building a cathedral .
I want a word with you .|Have you seen these latest accounts ? Yes , I believe so . And you realize what you 've done ? Yes I 've finished your house for you .
To be perfectly blunt ...|If we don 't set about stopping the process and instead studied the course plotted by Retke , all the way through so we 'd get experience and material , enough to complete the cathedral .
Listen , listen , I 'm telling you , I just met my dream girl , okay ? She 's like the female Dixon . That is never going to sound sexy . She go to West Bev ? No , no , no , um , Archer ? Crossroads , maybe . Uh , I don 't know but look , I gotta go . I gotta go , I gotta go , bye , bye .|Ugh , one second .
So much of the worse for him .|Tomorrow ?
Okay , all right , I heard you the third time . Extra cheese . Bye .|Nice ringtone . Thank you , thank you . You the , you the best likewise .
Alone .|Do you remember when we got them ?
Do you still have yours ?|I can 't manage it .
You haven 't spoken a word all evening .|You rarely do nowadays , to me .
And I 'm the only dj ?|Okay , yeah , yeah , cool . I 'll be there .
What do you think about ?|No , don 't go .
Okay , yeah , yeah , cool . I 'll be there .|All right , bye . Wow !
So you dj ?|I do .
You know , I 've always wanted to try it myself . So how long you been at it ?|Uh , let 's see . I started spinning in college , then I had my first paying gig the summer after I graduated . And full time since then .
Uh , let 's see . I started spinning in college , then I had my first paying gig the summer after I graduated . And full time since then .|Wow .
As a longstanding colleague , I publish a posthumous appreciation in all the major journals after your passing .|You yourself can dictate it ..
Are you saying you 're going to make him pay that towards this hateful house ?|I am .
I 'm sorry , Kurt .|I truly am ...
One second , let me just , uh ...|Thanks .
But you made a promise too .|You said that if our marriage weren 't a success you 'd let me go . Is it a success ? It would be , if you behaved yourself . You promised . I did no such thing ! You swore it , Soames , on your honor .
I counted on getting a reaction like this from you .|The food and drink that you 've had here is full of concentrated GDF equivalent to 2 years dosage .
So , Sunday . Sunday .|Don 't forget ! Sunday .
Whew . Sasha blows her away . Golshifteh Farahani ?|Oh , come on , dude ... Santori , Divar ? Bab 'aziz , remember ?
Oh , come on , dude ... Santori , Divar ? Bab 'aziz , remember ?|Dudes , you just need to see some more Iranian movies .
With Retke 's employees , he searches in vain through old test reports .|A strangely feverish Spring Festival , and a collapse of one of the clients reveals that management is still giving GDF , to not create unrest .
A strangely feverish Spring Festival , and a collapse of one of the clients reveals that management is still giving GDF , to not create unrest .|When Peter angrily protests , he gets a surprising suggestion : If Retke is used as an object of study the chances of success are increased .
The grove 's nice .|No !
Let me in at once !|I insist that you let me in !
Okay .|Okay . You ever just consider telling her the truth ?
I 've seen you at the club .|Yes , and we were introduced after the funeral . Come in .
Yes , and we were introduced after the funeral . Come in .|Thank you .
My name is Jo , short for Jolyon .|Ah , yes , the senior branch .
Francois Monet , Max Hoffman , Barbara Henynes , Jim Williams och Fred Hill .|" Genesis " is OUR discovery .
You could say that .|I say , look here , forgive the mess .
Turns out that 's a bad thing . I ... I don 't know .|Well , I 'm sure that that you and Debbie will figure it out . Yeah , yeah .
If you knew where you were going , I would never have been called here .|Do you have any complaints , refer them to your project leader .
I assure you .|Well ... but then you escaped from them , didn 't you ?
You think that I can 't detect nonverbal disapproval ? I have two teens at home .|Was it Annie 's fault that some jerk snapped her picture ?
Was it Annie 's fault that some jerk snapped her picture ?|Well , I think it was her bad judgment that put her in that situation , so shouldn 't there be consequences ? I mean , I know punishment 's a dirty word these days , but ... every kid in the school has seen that text . Maybe she 's been punished enough .
Have you talked with Retke about this ?|It 's a joint decision .
Yes , of course . Let me help you .|No , you don 't know my methods . No , you just follow me around and talk .
You can begin by telling me why you came here . Let me .|Thank you .
What would you estimate your age to be at the moment ?|Cell analysis has shown my age to be unknown .
Your father asked you to come . In a way .|Yes .
He 's a stuffy old philistine , but he 's honest . I like him .|He 'd be gratified to hear it .
So , let 's get down to brass tacks here ... If the rest of you don 't mind , OK ?|We 've got a shark in the pool .
Nobody knows how I used to be but I remember ...|Welcome aboard .
Welcome aboard .|Guys . How 's it going , homeboy ? Ah . So glad you could make it .
Certain processes have been shut down ... Others are veering out of control . And the reason is , this substance , GDF has directly or indirectly managed to open the locked cabinet at the heart of the power system ... and has turned on the switch the repressor that controls " Genesis " .|Ma 'am , you said your husband was 51 years old .
I didn 't know you painted . Only watercolors , I 'm afraid .|It 's a very difficult medium . Any fool of an amateur can paint in oils .
So , uh , you know , uh , while you 're on the job , is there any rules against you mixing with the guests ? None that I can remember .|Okay .
Ah , I love the feeling of being on the ocean . It totally turns me on . Ew , Naomi .|Suddenly I feel seasick . Hi , Silver . Tell her . Naomi texted herself the photo from my phone . She practically grabbed it out of my hand .
Suddenly I feel seasick . Hi , Silver . Tell her . Naomi texted herself the photo from my phone . She practically grabbed it out of my hand .|Shut up , you goon . Later .
Then how can you do it ?|Work 's no good unless you believe in it .
" Genesis " certainly wakes up again . On awakening , " Genesis " starts producing earlier model cells .|To do this , Genesis must steal raw materials and manpower from other sections of the factory .
You think you won this little battle ? Guess what , honey ? You just started a war .|She 's on Spence Montgomery 's yacht ? Well , she was all , " wow , big movie star party . Please . " I ... I get it . What happened to the whole " kids need a parent " argument ? What happened to consequences ? Well , I was talking with Kelly at school , and I came around .
Is it just fear making you stay ?|Stay ? I 'm on my way from here all the time . Aren 't you ?
Ugh , what do you two want ?|We need to tell you the truth about that night , Naomi . Prom night .
You 're imagining things .|I had breakfast with the clients . They were cheerful as usual .
So , what 's he really like as a boss ? You know , off the record .|He 's , a , uh , the nicest guy you could ever work for .
Well ? What 's the message ?|It 's dangerous to go against the majority .
I had breakfast with the clients . They were cheerful as usual .|All activities in full swing .
Can any of the staff have leaked ?|They 're not so unique .
I 'm Sasha . Silver .|Are you in the music business like Dixon ?
Thanks .|It 's very kind of you . But you 're not the only people who can hold on .
It 's very kind of you . But you 're not the only people who can hold on .|That 's my message , in case anyone 's interested .
Problems to solve , property to dispose of .|My regards to your father .
They 're quiet at the moment .|How would it work ?
I thought you 'd come today .|No , I knew it . Did you ?
Let him go ... Or force him to stay ?|If we do nothing then we 'll be dismantling our defense industries to a great extent .
If we do nothing then we 'll be dismantling our defense industries to a great extent .|A decision must be made . It can 't be allowed to happen .
Oh , him . Nobody that need concern us .|Is this the day ?
Is it ? At last ?|Yes , Philip .
Something unexpected .|Temporary aurical fibrillation . Nothing to worry about .
Temporary aurical fibrillation . Nothing to worry about .|Regarding the cramps ...
Night , hon .|You free for lunch ?
All my doubts and indecisions and fears are gone , like a child 's bad dream .|I never thought it could happen , but it has .
I seldom know what 's going on but I can feel when something unexpected happens .|Isn 't that why you came here ?
Nothing else in the whole world is of any importance .|And that 's their defense .
Unfortunately , I don 't think that 'll work . The earth is full of secrets . Be prepared to unlock them as we travel deep within our glorious planet . Join us on Journey Earth .|Uh , we could do Chinese . Again . Or Thai . I think three times a week is my Thai limit .
Yes , waterbuck , Q.C.|He says it 's a nice point .
Okay ? Yeah . Okay .|What do you mean , you don 't have the prescription ? My mom 's out of pills and she 's in a lot of pain . Look , I don 't care how you get them , you just have to get them ! I 'm sorry . I 'm ... I 'm just really frustrated . I called this in yesterday and you guys ... Yeah . Yeah , fine . I ... I 'll try back later .
An able fellow , Waterbuck . Are you briefing him ?|Yes . Well , I shouldn 't have thought the case was open and shut , but I can 't tell .
What do you mean , you don 't have the prescription ? My mom 's out of pills and she 's in a lot of pain . Look , I don 't care how you get them , you just have to get them ! I 'm sorry . I 'm ... I 'm just really frustrated . I called this in yesterday and you guys ... Yeah . Yeah , fine . I ... I 'll try back later .|Hey . Hi . How are you holding up ? I 'm fine . You don 't look fine . You look tired . Well , that 's because there 's a lot to do . In case you forgot , our mom has cancer .
I didn 't forget . And by the way , you don 't have to live with her to prove to me that you can .|Look , that might be why I went there . But it 's not why I 'm staying . You can 't be happy . It 's not about me being happy . It 's about the fact that she 's dying . Okay , but you 're not her nurse . Yeah . You 're right . I 'm her daughter . At least one of us is acting like it .
It is a hasty decision . Why risk everything ?|There 's something in what he says .
Mr. Justice Bentham , I heard this morning .|He 's a strong judge . Stands no nonsense .
So ... your place or mine ? How about I just do the assignment and put your name on it ? Gosh . If I didn 't know better , I 'd think you didn 't like me . I don 't . You 're pompous and arrogant and you totally screwed with Adrianna .|No , I didn 't . We just wanted different things . Whatever .
No , I didn 't . We just wanted different things . Whatever .|You know , after we got off the phone last night , I could not stop thinking about you . Me , neither . Well , it was 4 : 00 a.m. , so I fell asleep pretty quickly , but until then ... See , I couldn 't even sleep .
What 's this I hear about Soames and young Bosinney ?|Well , Bosinney 's got himself into a mess . I knew how it 'd be .
Sleeping , reading ...|Smoking ... drinking ...
Crying ... hoping ... praying ... how would I know ?|Shouldn 't we lock the outer doors ...
To be safe ?|We 're their only hope .
I hope you know what you 're at .|You must manage your own affairs , but if you take my advice , you 'll settle out of court .
Hey , hon . Hey . What 's up ? Um , bad news . I 'm swamped here . Could we reschedule our lunch ? Sure . No problem .|Maybe we can go as the Rat Pack . Right . Like you 're even gonna show . You 've been ditching everything lately . I 'll be there , all right ? I was thinking maybe I could be Sinatra . And Liam could be Sammy Davis Jr .
And let me add this , James .|I have no use for a lawyer that brings legal actions for the sake of petty revenge .
Um ...|You see , there ... there 's this Halloween party that ... I kind of wanted to hit . You 'd rather go to a high school Halloween party than be with me ? No . No . Uh ... you know , it 's just that I haven 't really been able to hang out with my friends lately , and I don 't want to ditch them . Come on , baby , you hang out with your friends every day , while I hardly ever get to see you .
Then you 're more stupid than I thought .|We 've made progress .
We 've made progress .|You know nothing . Not a goddamned thing .
Excuse me .|Hey . Deb , wait . No . I will not have this conversation here .
Anyway , give up what ?|Fighting battles you can 't win .
Fighting battles you can 't win .|I don 't know what you mean . I think you do .
I don 't know what you mean . I think you do .|However , no matter . It 's not for me to advise you . With that , I agree .
Let 's have a gnarly meet , okay ?|And the first team is heading into the water .
Good morning !|Welcome back !
Welcome back !|I thought I 'd got into a nightmare . You 're usually never locked , are you ?
Anybody there ?|When did I become part of this ?
Say it . Um ... okay , we just , uh , we think maybe you 've bitten off more than you can chew . You know , with your mom . I 've got everything under control . We know , but ... See , there are no buts . I have no choice here . She 's my mom . Why can 't anybody understand that ? I 'm sorry . I can 't sit here and talk about this . I have too much work to do . Have fun at the party . Bye .|All right , we 're in the final round , and clearly West Bev has the competitive edge today . Our last two surfers are both Wildcats . Liam Court and Ivy Sullivan . Ow ! Dude , ow , ow , ow , ow . Ow ! Ow ! You okay ? No , I 'm cramping up . Here , let me give you a hand .
All right , we 're in the final round , and clearly West Bev has the competitive edge today . Our last two surfers are both Wildcats . Liam Court and Ivy Sullivan . Ow ! Dude , ow , ow , ow , ow . Ow ! Ow ! You okay ? No , I 'm cramping up . Here , let me give you a hand .|Sucker .
Yes . Well , see you for dinner ?|Yes , gran , of course .
Sucker .|And time 's up , as Ivy Sullivan catches the final break .
Baby , I thought you weren 't going to show . Come on in . Sasha , um ... wait . I 'm actually not staying . Why not ? Because this relationship just isn 't working . What do you mean ? I mean , we can 't go anywhere or do anything . Wh ... what do you expect ? You 're in high school . But that doesn 't change the fact that I want to be able to go out with the girl that I 'm dating . I want to be able to introduce her to my friends . Let her be a part of my life . You 're just thinking about this now , after you 've roped me back in and made me care ? Look , I 'm sorry . You 're sorry ? Sasha , I thought we would find a way to make this work .|We haven 't .
No , the worst possible . Disastrous , I 'd say .|Besides , he 's out of love with her .
Besides , he 's out of love with her .|Did he say so ? No , never mentioned her name .
Did he say so ? No , never mentioned her name .|I had an odd feeling about that .
I don 't know , I mean , it 's cool , I guess . Let 's just forget it . Jasper ... I just thought ... Whatever , let 's just go . Come on . Jasper .|Those aren 't going to help . I didn 't think they would , but I had to at least try . Look , I 'm sorry I cancelled on you today . Kelly 's mom has cancer . She came into my office , she started crying , she wanted to have lunch ... Stop . Just stop . You lied . I omitted . Okay , I lied , but only because you 're so sensitive about Kelly . Because she has a crush on you . You 're wrong . I 'm not . And you know what 's even worse , is you 're playing into it . Her mother is dying . I know . I am sorry for that , I am , but she should not be going to her married boss with her problems . Deb ... No , listen to me . She likes you . That 's why she 's confiding in you . And you need to stop beingo obtuse and face what 's going on . I 'm going to yoga . I need to calm down .
But not THE shark .|Rather ...
I keep trying to build some sort of a relationship ... Trust me , I get it .|Doesn 't mean it 's not hard as hell .
How can we protect june ?|It 'll all come out , you know .
We 're going about it the wrong way !|Why didn 't you say anything to them , then ?
Soames is vindictive . And there 's legal action coming up . Does june know about that ?|The whole family it 's the talk of Timothy 's , confound the lot of them .
The whole family it 's the talk of Timothy 's , confound the lot of them .|But the odd thing , when I spoke to June about it , it seemed to brighten her up as though it might do her some good .
But the odd thing , when I spoke to June about it , it seemed to brighten her up as though it might do her some good .|She 'll have some mad scheme in her head , no doubt .
Sometimes , I just ... I just want to scream .|Come on . Come on . Um ... I 'm gonna show you how I used to blow off steam .
Keys .|Go .
Shall I say to 5 of the world 's foremost researchers that I have a strong feeling that they 're complicating everything ?|That there must be another way .
Kill me if you like , but don 't .|I 'd rather you killed me . Kill you ? Why should I ?
THE HUMAN BEAST|Inspired by the Novel by EMILE ZOLA
Overheated . It 's ruined .|You 're just causing trouble . What 's the problem with my dog ? The regulations don 't allow dogs in the compartments . I don 't like your tone of voice . Do you know who I am ? I don 't need to know . I make no distinctions among passengers .
Go on .|Even harder . Really smack it .
The greatest gift of all ...|If you suddenly got the chance ... would you say " no " ?
Feeling better ? Jacques , It 's you . It 's so nice to see you . Is something the matter ? No , things have never been better . Other than Lison breaking down on me . Good . Now you can get yourself some rest , and I can get a good look at you . You know I see you often , but you fly by so fast on the train that I can hardly recognize you .|What about your attacks ?
Even harder .|Watch out .
Ooh .|Oh .
I can 't believe how you 've changed .|You 're a big girl now .
Even after you became pregnant ?|What month are you in ?
What month are you in ?|The 14th .
Um ... there 's just one thing .|I just ... I feel really guilty about leaving the band . Is there any reason why I can 't just play with them in my spare time ? Spare time ? I don 't think you fully grasp where your life is headed . Cutting an album , touring , promoting ... Your plate is about to get very full . Especially if you insist on sticking with high school .
I never drink , mind you . Even a drop and I go crazy . I feel like I 'm paying for all those fathers and grandfathers who drank . All those generations of drunkards who poisoned my blood and saddled me with this madness .|It 's a terrible thing .
But GDF has sent the ageing process out of control in Retke and his clients .|The computers summarize cell tests as ' " age unknown " .
I love you too . I 'd like to be your wife .|I 'd take that chance if you 'd let me . Don 't be silly .
Where were we ?|Aw . Chillax , my friend . Ivy 's a big girl .
All right . Keep your eyes open , Silver . I 'm looking for a car that represents a whole new chapter in my life . Something that says freedom . Something that says Thelma and Louise minus the driving off the cliff part . Something ...|Like that . Oh ...
Let 's eat . I 'm starving .|How did things go with Grandmorin ? Everything 's fine . He called one of his friends at the railroad . I forget who . Then he got in touch with Turlot . So everything 's taken care of . That man has some pull . It 's a good thing he 's so fond of you . Yes , he is fond of me .
Surely you don 't want me doing things I dislike .|You 're hiding something . You act funny whenever Grandmorin 's name comes up . Maybe you 're scared people will think you 're his daughter .
His daughter .|Could it be ?
No .|We have not .
Nor have the PMA group .|That is why I want to talk to you .
I have a colleague in Heidelberg .|There 's contact outside the official channels .
Who ?|Grandmorin .
Hey .|You okay ? Not really . I don 't want to talk about it . Oh , Ade , come on . It 's me here . What 's going on ?
There 's contact outside the official channels .|It 's possible to have a PMA brain sent over within 18 hours .
Did you plan to drive to Joinville ?|Were you going to take the train ?
There 's only one condition .|If you choose this alternative remember the suggestion did not come from me .
I forgot to wake her . I 'll tell her . I 'll wake her myself .|Or I can ...
Our train .|Come here .
Why didn 't you tell me ? I couldn 't . Ade asked me not to say anything .|Well , I guess I know where your loyalty lies . Lila ... Whatever .
Well , I guess I know where your loyalty lies . Lila ... Whatever .|I 'm out of here .
Why don 't you do anything ? Why are you just standing there ?|You promised she 'd live 10 more years ! What are you people doing down there ? ! What are we waiting for ?
Nothing happened .|I lied . What ?
I don 't even know what to say to you . You almost ruined that man 's life . I 'm gonna have to talk to the school board to determine your punishment , but trust me , there will be severe consequences .|I don 't get it . How could you do that ? I just ... Never thought it 'd go this far .
Stabbed to death .|Sure , it was awful to take his money and watch . It 's humiliating . But that 's what will save us . They know people like us don 't kill for money . What worries me is your letter .
Now I 'd give a king 's ransom for a wrinkle or a Grey hair ...|To age quietly day by day .
To age quietly day by day .|PMA ... 3 letters . Just like GDF .
Our lives will go on like before .|Grandmorin was just an accident .
What 's going on ? You seem to be a little elsewhere right now . I 'm fine . Come on .|I had a fight with my girlfriend . It was pretty bad , and ... I think it was my fault . I don 't know ... I wasn 't being very sensitive , and I just ... I really need to apologize . So , what the hell are you doing here ? I thought I had to come . I thought this was important for my career . Okay , let me give you some advice .
PMA ... 3 letters . Just like GDF .|Maybe that 's a good omen .
Maybe that 's a good omen .|All my life I 've done the things that scared me the least .
It 's so nice out . Yes , It 's lovely .|Mr. Lantier , I 'd like to bring up a delicate matter .
Look , this isn 't a good time . Gia , come on . I totally respect why you didn 't want to go , and you don 't ever have to go if you don 't want to . As long as you 're there for me when I get back .|You cheated on me .
I 've seen him .|At night .
He saw me and tried to hide , but he couldn 't .|He looked straight at me .
He looked straight at me .|Then I realised he was crying ...
Mrs. Roubaud , I was the only one who saw you .|Rest easy . I won 't tell a soul .
Rest easy . I won 't tell a soul .|I 'm your friend . You can trust me completely .
You alright Mr Hoffman ?|Is there a toilet here ?
Now , can I just say , though , that ... I 'm really proud of you , Ade . Just seeing you here alone , I mean , drinking your coffee , writing your songs ... seems like such an undramatic way to handle all this . Which does prove my earlier point . You are different .|Nah , you can handle all this . Easy .
Do you want to sit and have some coffee with me ? Or on you on your way to see the president or something ?|Uh , no . Obama can wait .
What is she saying ?|She doesn 't believe in it ... 100 percent .
In the summer we 'd pick strawberries together . In the fall we 'd go looking for chestnuts . Sometimes we 'd walk through the forest hand in hand .|It was wonderful , Your Honor .
Now you 're injecting a new preparation without knowing how it works .|Do whatever you want ...
Look ... I 'm sorry I didn 't tell you in advance about Dixon and Adrianna coming to the party . To be honest , I didn 't ... I didn 't even think about it . You need to understand I 'm not exactly a consequences oriented kind of woman . Hmm . Never have been . And if you don 't want to hang out with me because of that , I get it . Yeah . Well ... I 'm a big boy . And I don 't need a babysitter . Good . ' Cause I 've never been any good at that either .|Can I have some of that ?
Do whatever you want ...|But not with my husband .
Take him away .|It wasn 't me ! Let me go ! Your Honor ! It wasn 't me !
Do you think I ... How do you differ from Kurt ?|Mrs Retke ...
I 'd be surprised if he did it .|If he went to jail , I 'd have to do something , ' cause he 's not guilty .
If he went to jail , I 'd have to do something , ' cause he 's not guilty .|Mrs. Roubaud , is that you in this picture ?
Mrs. Roubaud , is that you in this picture ?|Yes , when I was a little girl , with my godfather . Mr. Grandmorin was your godfather ? Yes . What a sorry affair . My wife still hasn 't gotten over it .
Dad ? I 'm gonna have to talk to the school board to determine your punishment . But trust me , there will be severe consequences . ugh ! How 's it going ? Sticky . Grab this . I have some graffiti I 'd like you to paint over .|Oh , my God .
Oh , my God .|Yep . Kids can be cruel .
There 's enough PMA left .|Should one overworked woman get to decide 30 people 's lives ?
Should one overworked woman get to decide 30 people 's lives ?|Can we justify that to them and to ourselves ?
Can we justify that to them and to ourselves ?|We 're on your side , Peter .
We 're on your side , Peter .|We 'll talk later .
What was the matter with Roubaud ?|Oh , he 's just been a little jumpy lately .
Oh , he 's just been a little jumpy lately .|He 's not hurting you , is he ?
He 's not hurting you , is he ?|I don 't think you should stay here .
And you didn 't say anything ?|And that 's the third queen . Looks like it 's just you two .
We 'll talk later .|Jerry , I 'm coming .
Jacques , I love you as much as I 'm able to love anyone . Don 't be angry . My life hasn 't been a happy one . My childhood was so horrible . I 'm still afraid sometimes .|It 's not a lover I need but a good friend who I could talk to about my troubles , my disappointments , my hopes .
Can you try it now for me please .|Goddamned jalopy !
Yeah , I 'm sure , trust me .|So , will you give me the marker ? That is not a problem . I would be glad to take your money in whatever form you 'd like to give it to me . Whoa ! All right . Show your cards , boys .
So , will you give me the marker ? That is not a problem . I would be glad to take your money in whatever form you 'd like to give it to me . Whoa ! All right . Show your cards , boys .|Full house .
I don 't know , I 'm asking you guys . does that ... ? Does it ... ?|Dixon , don 't worry about getting the money to me right away . Really , as long as you have it to me by the end of the day tomorrow , I won 't have to have the guys on the baseball team break your legs .
And so , I clobbered the tortoise , and then I ate it . Man . Hey . What was that for ? Dixon , you 're , like , a million miles away right now . I don 't know ... I just thought you 'd be a little bit more excited to go out , since ... You were the one who asked me . You 're right . Um , I 'm sorry . I am excited . Really . There 's nowhere I 'd rather be than right here with you , right now . Honest .|I ... I got to take this . Um , I 'm so sorry .
I 'll show you something .|Good .
Well , can I have it ? I 'm not just going to give it to you . I 'm going in with you .|Whatever . Suit yourself , man .
A cell is like a factory .|And a motor , too , is a factory of sorts .
The petrol triggers a different number of processes .|Now ...
Now ...|Control by your foot , the accelerator .
Control by your foot , the accelerator .|You see , it 's flowing evenly .
Grandmorin ? If you only knew how Roubaud treated me .|He knocked me down and dragged me around by my hair , and then he beat me .
Good .|More petrol ...
So would Kurt if he could speak for himself .|I 've played many roles , but this is the first time I 've played a car .
This is a normal dose .|Use this .
I stopped that kiss because it was the right thing to do . Not because I wanted to .|Hey , hey , come on , let 's get out of here . okay .
It happened in a tunnel . The noise was just awful .|My blood still runs cold at the thought . But tell me ... how did he kill him ? With a knife I gave him . A knife ?
I love you , Liam . You , too .|Ladies and gentlemen , welcome to the Westside Sports Arena . Surprise ! What are you doing here ? I thought you weren 't coming . I wasn 't , and then I changed my mind . I really want to support you . And I brought some sat study cards , in case I get bored .
Come on , tell me the truth .|It was awful .
Good luck . Thanks .|Silver , Silver , wait !
I need your love too .|Is something wrong ?
If my husband were out of the way , we could put our troubles behind us .|But we can 't just kill him .
142|140
138|137
He came upstairs .|I saw him take his gun .
What 's up , little Dix ? You got my money ? What ? ! " What ? ! " Come on , man . I got the shaft in this deal . No money , no SATs , nothing . Dude , I got you into the school . I held up my part of the bargain . You should be thanking me ... you could 've been expelled . My dad has tapes of us in the hallway that night . He knows it was you . He could 've gone to the superintendent , but he didn 't . So I think we 're kind of even . Interesting .|Why are you smiling ? Well ... now I know the principal covered up to save his son . That is ... that 's gonna come in handy someday . See ya , bud .
Hey ... You haven 't returned any of my calls . Take your seats , everyone .|So , are we okay ? Seriously ? No , we 're definitely not okay . Go sit down . The test is gonna start .
Some thieves broke in last night .|They stole some lead piping .
They stole some lead piping .|Over there .
He 's coming toward us .|I see his shadow on the wall .
Regarding the matter at hand , your position is terminated immediately .|You 're to surrender all classified materials ... to the Security Directorate before leaving . I remind you that your loyalty oath is still in effect .
How 's the tingling in your fingers ?|I 've been missing my sparring partner . You have a visitor . I have a meeting in 2 minutes . I 'm sure it can wait ... He wants to talk about a large donation .
I 've been missing my sparring partner . You have a visitor . I have a meeting in 2 minutes . I 'm sure it can wait ... He wants to talk about a large donation .|Dr Wall ! Sandberg . My parents had one of those .
I guess I owe it to her . Her brother caught us in bed the other night . I barely had time to jump out the window in my shirt . Then he slapped her around . Does that make sense to you ? Not to me . She 's his sister , not his wife . What 's it to him anyway ? The poor kid .|Look at Roubaud 's wife . She looks just like a princess . Not bad for the wife of a stationmaster .
I even wondered what it would be like to love him back . To start anew . A better life .|Maybe not happier , but at least more peaceful .
Maybe not happier , but at least more peaceful .|I 'm being honest with you , and I know you believe me .
I 'm being honest with you , and I know you believe me .|Why lie to each other now ?
My clients are impressed with the work at Retke 's centre .|The discrete arrangements for aftercare are very much appreciated .
I represent the consortium which has financed Kurt Retke .|Kurt Retke is an old uni friend .
Captain of the Earth vessel .|And you must be T 'Pol .
One can 't be too careful in this matter . That 's for sure .|We have a proposal I 'd like you to hear .
And she looks a hell of a lot like you . I am T 'Pau . You murdered my friend , along with 40 other people .|I had nothing to do with the destruction of your embassy . The evidence says you did .
Only death can break the ties that bind me to him .|Shall we dance ?
As project leader with total responsibility and total control of developments we would like to engage you , Dr Wall .|And if , say after 3 years , I were tell you that the idea proved impossible ... ?
As you probably know , Dr Retke 's daughter gave birth to a child in her 15th month .|Based on the effect on that child ...
He put his hand on my forehead . I felt something inside ... my head .|Do you think he was trying to meld with you ?
And I wished to terminate research ...|What would happen regarding my total control ?
We can at least wait five minutes .|This is a little story About Ninette 's little heart She offers it to everyone But never gives it away That 's a pity for anyone Who tries to win her heart Whoever tries to love Ninette Will end up with a broken heart
There 's something more important we need to discuss . Have you made contact with T 'Pol or your Captain ? We can 't reach them and they can 't reach us .|V 'Las is determined to wipe out the Syrrannites .
Ninon 's little heart|Is tiny and frail and adorable
He 's particularly intent on destroying their encampment in the Forge . Where the Captain and T 'Pol are headed .|They may be in grave danger .
I shall do anything I can to stop you .|You have colleagues who will be more appreciative of this offer .
I can 't understand how you could join these people .|I 'd been growing disillusioned with Vulcan society for some time .
We are not a consortium to be deterred .|Interesting research can always be conducted elsewhere .
Let me see your waybill .|520 tons .
So you 're still seeing each other ?|Pecqueux , I have to tell you something .
That 's right . I killed her .|It 's all over . I 'll never see her again .
Leave it for the sheriff . I mean , what 're you gonna do , put him in the back of your truck ? Your daughter 's there , for Christ 's sakes . Exactly . I don 't want her thinking mcculloughs are the kind of people who drive by a dead man and leave him hangin in the sun .|C 'mon , darlin ' . Come on , now . Leave that . Let 's go . You can keep your granddad company .
Should we cancel this party ?|We can 't . We got to show the world south Texas is a great place to do business .
I couldn 't bear to hold her anymore .|I loved her , you know .
I loved her , you know .|I loved her little hands most of all .
You 're seeing the past through my eyes .|Syrran did something to me before he died .
I 'm sorry , baby .|I understand .
You 're gonna be drunk . Oh , honey if you had to lay down as much bullshit as I 'm about to lay down tonight , you 'd get drunk , too . Here you go . Come here . Hey .|You see that rig out there ? Yeah . After I get done tonight , we 'll have enough money to buy six more just like it . Why do we need so many ? We 're running out of time . Another year like the one we just endured will finish us .
You see that rig out there ? Yeah . After I get done tonight , we 'll have enough money to buy six more just like it . Why do we need so many ? We 're running out of time . Another year like the one we just endured will finish us .|The era of the cattle baron is over , honey . It 's over . What if there isn 't any oil in the ground ? Oh , I 'm betting there is . But what if you 're wrong ? If there 's no oil , do we lose the ranch ? Well , that 's always a risk . Any time you find a decent piece of land , sure as sunup , someone out there 's gonna try and take it from you .
The era of the cattle baron is over , honey . It 's over . What if there isn 't any oil in the ground ? Oh , I 'm betting there is . But what if you 're wrong ? If there 's no oil , do we lose the ranch ? Well , that 's always a risk . Any time you find a decent piece of land , sure as sunup , someone out there 's gonna try and take it from you .|Does that scare you ?
How he must have suffered to come to this .|I haven 't seen him look so peaceful in a long time .
In the end . Jesus , niles .|You and your daddy ain 't exactly strangers to backcountry adjudication . You enlightened plenty of rustlers at the end of a rope . That ain 't how we do things anymore . Oh . If I catch someone stealing my property , I 'll see that he 's dealt with . I don 't want your help . You hear me ? Oh , I hear you all right . But you might want to make sure your daddy is of a similar mind .
Hirata residence . It 's me , it 's me . You know , me .|Er , I don 't know who you are .
You think I 'd fall for an old trick like that ? Think again , pal ...|Oh .
Oh .|Hey !
You can 't tell my voice after 15 years ?|I 'm sorry !
I 'm sorry !|That really cheeses me off .
That really cheeses me off .|What ? The police warned you about scammers ? So I sound like a crook ?
Why , niles Gilbert . Don 't you clean up nice . Mind my bag .|Torrent downloaded from RARBG Why , Sally McCullough . I had no idea it was possible for a wildflower to bloom indoors . Phineas . What kept you ? The guests already started to arrive . One last investor to round up . Should be a good group tonight . We have done everything we can to make the place lovely for them . Well , may I offer a little something for your troubles ?
Syrran possessed the katra of Surak . Katras are nothing more than a myth .|I used to think that ... until I learnt to open up my mind to other possibilities . If Syrran knew he was close to death ... he would have tried to transfer the katra to someone else . I was near him when he died .
Tonight ? I 'm drinking with Hattori , so no dinner . That 's all !|Dammit . What 's up ?
I figure at least one man in this family ought to buy you nice things now and again .|I love it .
Lourdes , Pedro . Thanks for coming . Oh , have you met Ana ? Pedro : Well , it 's a rare pleasure celebrating someone being older than me , Peter . How is the colonel ? Still kicking .|For your future , compadre , a piece of my past . It belonged to my uncle Arturo . May it continue to bring your family the luck it 's brought mine .
Why ?|You always say " It 's me ! " It sounds creepy . I always thought so .
My thoughts to your thoughts .|Our minds are merging .
What an insult . Can you believe it ?|Hilarious !
So ?|You got angry ? Of course I did . So I sound like a crook ?
Your two grandkids are boys ? One 's a high schooler soon .|You 're lucky .
My son 's been in Hakata since his transfer , and my wife is out caring for her mother .|I 'm practically alone all year . You 've got it good . It beats having a nagging wife around .
It was obvious they were gonna kill momma , but I don 't think they meant to kill Lizzie . After you shot that Indian , the others began shooting the house , and Lizzie was hit .|When they saw she was shot , they looked over her wounds . I thought maybe they were gonna doctor her , but ... They must have decided she wasn 't gonna make it .
You got Lizzie killed , Eli .|I hope it was worth it .
Launch Bay to Commander Tucker .|Go ahead , Travis .
What 's your name ? Toshaway .|I 'm Eli . They 're gonna separate us . Why would they do that ? These guys are from two different bands .
Do you really believe ... you possess the living spirit of Surak inside you ?|A man who died 1,800 years ago .
Martin ! No ! Martin !|Martin ! No ! Martin !
No . No !|Have you eaten ? I told Fumie I didn 't need dinner .
And I want it taken out .|It may not be possible .
When you got mistaken for a scammer ?|Smokes .
It may not be possible .|What can we do for you ? Where is your captain ? He 's indisposed at the moment . Can I help you ? The investigation of the embassy bombing is nearly complete .
Son of a bitch hung up on us . Should I try to get him back ?|No one here has ever performed this ritual . I 've studied it for some time .
Writing class , huh ?|You should act your age .
I believe I can conduct it successfully . You 'd not only be placing Surak 's katra in jeopardy , you could kill Archer . The risks are acceptable .|I doubt Surak would agree . What alternative would you suggest ? That we follow this human ?
And people get hung .|Yeah .
What are you writing ?|Something really hot and erotic ?
Who wants to hear a few words from the man of the hour ? Anyone ? I guess , uh ... Pete .|Thanks for taking care of Armando . Yeah , sure . No problem . Eli : I enjoy delivering speeches just about as much as I do hearing them .
But we do have a choice . Now , for the sake of everyone involved ... I ask you to reconsider .|I 've made my decision . I 'll perform the procedure in one hour .
So there 's a good reason I chose to raise my family here , and I 'm honored you all could come down and share it with me . So here 's to coming ' together . Hear , hear . Here 's to the good guys finally winning . Yeah ! Yeah ! Here 's to family and home and the most bountiful place on god 's green earth . God bless Texas ! All : God bless Texas !|Ah , I need to wet my whistle here , niles . Don 't be shy . Hell of a speech , colonel . A real inspiration . Oh , thanks , John . That means a lot coming from you . Now , listen , can I bend your ear and we talk a little business outside ? Sure . You 're buying the drinks . Ah , you 're drinking .
A dry well shouldn 't have caught fire like this .|They used dynamite .
Hyah ! Hah !|One of them split off . Hyah !
A divorce form .|" Divorce Notification "
I don 't think these people had anything to do with the embassy . You sound convinced .|Let 's just say it 's more than a gut feeling .
The other looks like his horse threw him .|This bastard 's close .
Is this a joke ?|I 'm serious . Please think it over .
I 'm serious . Please think it over .|I 'll put your clothes by the bath .
I 'll put your clothes by the bath .|WHAT A WONDERFUL family Kazuko Yoshiyuki Isao Hashizume
You kill him , and we start a war . The war 's already here .|I thought your kind did your killing with a rope .
Masahiko Nishimura Yui Natsukawa|Tomoko Nakajima Shozo Hayashiya
Tomoko Nakajima Shozo Hayashiya|Yu Aoi Satoshi Tsumabuki
What about that other thing ? It 's being handled . By you or him ? I got it covered . Don 't you worry . Worrying is my job , little brother|Morning , Mr. Sullivan . Hey , there , honey . You been out here a while . Yep . Making sure those bandits don 't come back ? Well , if they do , they sure gonna be sorry .
Screenplay : Yoji Yamada Emiko Hiramatsu Music : Joe Hisaishi|Directed by Yoji Yamada
I intend to find out what it is .|Passed down through the ages , the katra of Surak ... father of all we hold true ... lives on in this man .
Shota ! Hurry up and eat your breakfast !|You 've got work !
Toto !|Toto ! Toto ! Toto !
How far you planning on taking this ? There are consequences for a man 's decisions ... No matter what his last name . Aw , shit .|Don 't look at me .
Chopin 's piano pieces use a lot of heavy dissonance . Therefore , dissonance is necessary to make beautiful music .|What are you trying to say ?
The satellite 's been disabled . You 've got six minutes to get through . Travis , it 's all yours .|Probably should have skipped breakfast this morning .
So , what 'd you do with the Mexican ? Which Mexican are we talking about ?|Eli .
Look , a man has a right to protect his property . But I cannot have another incident . Am I right , Pete ? Oh , I 've been saying that for a while . Things need to simmer down . They sure as hell do .|Pete , you heard anything about this missing Cesar fella ? Only that he travels with a dangerous crowd .
Don 't tell me you 've got somebody in mind ?|I do . She 's nice .
See you later .|Mr. Shimada went to the toilet at night without calling us . Check him regularly . Ms. Hashimoto 's back on meals . Check consumption . Ms. Shirakawa 's feverish , so no more feeding tube . She 's on an iv . Watch her . That 's all for now . Thank you .
I shouldn 't have come here looking for you .|And I don 't want anything more to do with you .
I 'll be at Hino Public Hall for work . Could you drop by around lunch ? I need to ask you something .|Sure . How about I make us lunch ?
Sure . How about I make us lunch ?|Great . I 'll be waiting . Hino Public Hall , okay ?
And I don 't want anything more to do with you .|If that 's your wish .
We got a guest ? Shigeko 's here .|She wants a divorce .
Well , that depends . On what ?|Are you gonna replace my rig ? Are you gonna replace Armando ? How about Cesar ? My daughter is now a widow . And my grandson has no father .
You 'd get a divorce over a broken plate ?|If that 's your reason , it won 't be your last . It 's not about that !
If that 's your reason , it won 't be your last . It 's not about that !|It was a plate , but not just any plate ! He bought it at an antique fair , and displayed it proudly !
Hyah ! Hyah ! Huh ! Hyah ! Hyah ! Hyah !|We already ate . A man that toils outdoors works up a big appetite . You 'd best remember that when you 've got a husband of your own . I ain 't never getting married . You aren 't getting married , not " ain 't . " And a young lady pretty as you will soon be fighting off handsome young suitors with a stick . Any suitors come around me , I 'll shoot ' em .
Then they rode off like nothing happened .|A Mexican is a Mexican , right ? They had to get someone .
A Mexican is a Mexican , right ? They had to get someone .|I 'm real sorry .
Your whole life you have come and gone as you pleased . You 're only here because you have nowhere else to go . I know . I know that when you 're feeling better , you 're gonna leave . Ana . But my husband will still be dead , and my child will still have no father . Don 't say that . You don 't know that .|I know what Cesar has been doing . He didn 't want me to know , but I did .
Vulcan and Earth have been allies for a hundred years . Syrrannites must have seen our ships by now . If they evacuate into the Forge , they 'll be extremely hard to track . We can 't wait any longer .|Drive Enterprise from orbit . Use all necessary force . Yes , Excellency .
Get the form , put your seals on it , and it 's over .|You 'd ... You 'd say that to your daughter ? I would .
Dad ! Listen to me . You never try to understand how I feel .|Fine . I won 't talk to you anymore .
Fine . I won 't talk to you anymore .|I hate you , Dad !
Our deaths won 't help Captain Archer or T 'Pol .|Get us the hell out of here .
I 'd rather die than be a slave .|From the dust of the four directions , the great spirit nanisuwukai created the first man on earth . He was alone in this great new world he did not understand . Soon he was starving . He would stare all day at this tall plum tree whose branches were heavy with ripe fruit . But coyote was there , watching . Every time the man reached for the plum , coyote said , " do not touch that , or I will bite you . " So , what did the man do ?
Is Shigeko here ?|Er ... did she say anything ?
We start killin ' folks like the old days , it 's gonna become a habit that spreads faster than a brush fire . You know that better than anybody . Hmm . It 's up to people like us to set the example , 'cause if we don 't , this whole civilization slides backwards . You say slides backward . I say reverts to its natural state .|I know you 've seen the worst mankind has to offer . But so have I. The only thing stopping my kids living through the same shit you and I did is deciding to make the hard choices instead of the easy ones . It 's deciding not to kill folks when there 's no good reason . The world is what it is . You think that man in there forgives and forgets ? Hell , he 's already dynamited our property once . Maybe the next time it 's a bit of dynamite under Sally 's car and Jeannie 's school .
Are you all right ?|I 'm fine .
I would have helped him , too .|Sweet dreams , honey . Night , daddy .
Seven . Or five for us ?|On should tell you . Okay . Bye .
I knew how angry she 'd get if I did . She 's scary when she 's angry !|How did such a scary daughter come from such a gentle mother ?
How did such a scary daughter come from such a gentle mother ?|When Shigeko gets mad she 's possessed !
When Shigeko gets mad she 's possessed !|I understand .
She 's your daughter . How can you talk about her like that ?|Not to mention , she 's my wife .
So they 're pacifists .|V 'Las considers that a dangerous mindset . Particularly now . What do you mean ?
You don 't even know what I just did .|Look , stop . Where are you goin ' ? Look ... Don 't run , don 't run , don 't run , please don 't run . I just need a number or something , I just need ... I don 't know , an address or something , like ...
You got a quarter ?|I got a phone card . You gonna call him ? You 're calling him ?
Were you really gonna say " a tough nut to crack " ? Yeah . Why , what 's wrong with that ?|I live in Pittsburgh .
We can 't reach them and they can 't reach us . They may be in grave danger . Find what my people have lost . Find the Kir 'Shara .|Blanket the area . Use all necessary force . Make sure there are no survivors . You 're presiding over a massacre . The High Command is planning to attack Andoria . He 's going to start an interstellar war . Set a course for Andoria . Maximum warp . And now the conclusion .
Blanket the area . Use all necessary force . Make sure there are no survivors . You 're presiding over a massacre . The High Command is planning to attack Andoria . He 's going to start an interstellar war . Set a course for Andoria . Maximum warp . And now the conclusion .|The Andorians have deployed most of their fleet ... in defensive positions around Paan Mokar .
I live with a Ricky .|What 's a Ricky ?
My mom and dad ?|No they aren 't .
I 'm certain of one thing . Sooner or later , the Andorians will make use of this technology .|Is it logical for us to wait for that day ?
Is it logical for us to wait for that day ?|It 's been a long road
I 'm more of a cook , I guess . Okay , sure , whatever , but you don 't have to leave New York .|Yeah , I know , but ... my living situation 's not great . Fine , but there 's restaurants everywhere . That 's true . So what about you ? What do you do ?
It 's just a bluff . Of course ! Did you have a little tiff ? You two get on too well . That must be it . We fight all the time , so we 're used to threatening each other .|They 're not used to it . It was their first tiff . That 's it ! Don 't scare us like that . So you were joking ?
I don 't know . Maybe you were here when you were a kid .|You know , if that was the right left , then this is Maryasis . If they put up a fuckin ' street sign we 'd be able to tell .
Kenichi and Shinsuke are impressionable ! If their beloved grandparents divorce , they 'll stop studying and be traumatized for life !|Shinsuke will apply to junior high next year . What do we say in the interview ? His grandparents are divorced ? They 'll never let him in ! Then forget ' em !
'Cause I 've got faith of the heart|I 'm going where my heart will take me I 've got faith to believe
I 'm going where my heart will take me I 've got faith to believe|I can do anything I 've got strength of the soul
I can do anything I 've got strength of the soul|And no one 's gonna bend or break me I can reach any star
Hello ?|Hey , look , it 's a Ricky . Oh , my God , check it out .
Are you okay ?|It 's gone from bad to worse . Where 's Tomiko ? At her culture center writing class .
Hey , look , it 's a Ricky . Oh , my God , check it out .|That 's a big lizard .
This is no time to write lousy novels . What a pain .|Shigeko Kanai here ! Yes , I went to the tax office , and spoke with the people in charge .
It would have an enormous impact on the High Command ... and all of Vulcan .|I 've got two teams working on it . Both launchers should be online in a few hours . Anything else ?
I don 't know why they give kids pets that die so young .|Maybe let ' em be sad about something small before the really sad things happen .
You 've set the scene superbly .|Superbly indeed .
I may be able to help . I may be able to help .|Good .
Good .|Lieutenant Reed appeared unsettled .
Yes , okay ?|I 'm using the money to leave Pittsburgh .
All right , who else ?| I don 't wanna talk about this with you .  Come on , give me something .
A thrilling opening . We call this a " flashback , " and it 's used often in novels . Mrs. Hirata , what was your model ?|Natsume Soseki 's " Kokoro . " I thought as much .
Very bad for Darren ?|Ma , it could be very bad for me .
You think I 've lost my mind ? I 'm not certain your mind is the one making these decisions .|We should return to the ship . T 'Pau can take the artefact to the capital . I was chosen for this .
The ending leaves a little to be desired .|It does . Readers will want to know what happens to Machiko and Masahiko . But your story ends with Masahiko bidding farewell and leaving .
We should return to the ship . T 'Pau can take the artefact to the capital . I was chosen for this .|Chosen ? Interesting choice of words .
Chosen ? Interesting choice of words .|If I were in your shoes , I 'd be just as sceptical .
So she tapped it with her pinky and ... that 's how I won the Special Prize .| Daniel , just come home now . You 'll make supper , and the bettors are coming early tomorrow .
Mr. Hirata ? He 's here . I 'd like to see him .|Please do .
The Syrrannites claim that they are following the true path of Surak . If the Kir 'Shara is real , it could prove them right . It doesn 't exist !|You 've been listening to Syrrannite propaganda .
You 've been listening to Syrrannite propaganda .|That will be all , Minister .
Wow . Did you go with your family or something ?|No .
This is Ambassador Soval . I 've come on an urgent mission . I must speak with Commander Shran .|The High Command has decrypted your security protocols . We 're well aware that your task force has been hiding in this nebula .
So , what 's up ?|Take a look at this .
I 'm just cold .|You know , if ... if you are cold , we could ... we could hold each other . Excuse me ?
You know , we could hold each other for warmth .|You wanna cuddle me ?
You wanna cuddle me ?|Look , it 's a meteorical fact . I 'm not , you know . Meteorological .
Look , it 's a meteorical fact . I 'm not , you know . Meteorological .|That 's what I meant .
It will be a disaster for both our worlds ! Which is why you must convince them to intercept our fleet .|You 're betraying your own people by telling me this . I 'm aware of that . Why are you doing it ?
He and my dad don 't get on . Without me , the place falls apart . His wife ; s headstrong too .|So , you 're your family 's buffer . Or its glue .
I 'll need to consult with my superiors . I suggest you do it fast .|That 's the fourth patrol today . That 's the fourth patrol today . There 's an extensive security grid around the capital . It 's unlikely we 'll get past it . We 'll find a way . Surak will help us .
So , yeah . We 'll be at the motel in the morning .|So that was Ellie . And it 's fine , you know .
I could allow you to experience what she shared with me .|You melded with her ?
That 's not what I mean .|I was forced ... to participate in a meld several years ago .
I was waiting for you to say that .|I 'm glad .
What about the money ? She 'll get what we agreed to . I want you to go to them , then meet Scott outside the motel .|Oh , and Darren , what me and Ellie agreed to ... she 's taking your share .
There 's no cure . Another lie perpetrated by the High Command .|Pa 'nar has been known since Surak 's time .
Enjoy yourselves .|Are you okay ?
I 'm fine ! Fine !|Who left this here ?
This is Commander Tucker . We know Ambassador Soval 's aboard your ship . I want to speak with him now .|Sir , the Andorians are moving toward the nebula . Target Shran 's ship . Disable the engines .
Captain , you need to rest . Thanks , but I 'll be fine . The atmosphere is thinner than you 're used to . If you don 't stop soon , you 'll collapse . If you need a break , T 'Pol , you should say so . I 'm going to scout ahead .|Have you had any more conversations with Surak ? Not in a couple of hours .
She bore it this long , so why not a little longer ? She 's not young .|Maybe something changed all that . Like what ?
I doubt you were Syrran 's first choice . Ever since the meld ...|I 've felt more centred .
All right ?| Yeah .
My whole life , I 've never really understood Vulcans .|Why they work so hard to suppress their emotions .
 You speak Russian ?|Polish .
You never seemed too happy with the status quo around here . I may have had disagreements with the High Command ... but that doesn 't mean I 'm going to join a radical faction .|You signed up with Starfleet .
Where is your fleet ?|Do you know the story of Nirak ?
Hey . Hey . That girl ...|She isn 't gonna leave anybody .
That 's an agreement between us that your purpose is not illegal . So , how much will that come to ?|With regard to that , the head manager will explain .
Tough luck , huh ?|Your wife 's cheating ? We get that a lot .
Your wife 's cheating ? We get that a lot .|No she isn 't !
I 'll pay for the cab .|No ?
No ?|Oh , really ... Some friend you are .
I need to rest . If you 're attempting to delay us , it won 't work . We 'll find your friends .|You 've changed .
You 've changed .|I served under you during the Tomed Mission .
You can ... You can leave .|And I 'll let Jimmy know it 's done so everyone else can get paid . Okay .
Or perhaps you enjoy hiding bombs in embassies . We weren 't responsible . Two of my men were killed in the embassy explosion . You have been misled .|Syrrannites are peaceful . I have spared your life because you were once my superior . Your companions won 't be so fortunate .
You find this amusing ?|Ordinarily I wouldn 't , but , because of this device .
It 's just me then .|I 'll drink with you .
Ordinarily I wouldn 't , but , because of this device .|There are three higher settings on that panel .
There are three higher settings on that panel .|If I use them ... .
You 're afraid to injure me .|If I were you , I 'd leave that detail out in your report to the General .
Right .|Just wait .
How is he ? You 've got a lot of nerve pretending you give a damn . I did what was necessary .|Soval would understand .
Hey ! Hey !|I ... I didn 't think you ...  Look . Look . I was gonna go and I ... and I just ... I just ran all the way here . What 's going on ?
He should be fine in another day or so . He risked his life coming here . And you paid him back by scrambling his neurons . He is not the only one taking a risk .|I just spoke with the lmperial Guard . They 're redeploying our forces .
Well , where you going ?|Providence .
Providence .|Yeah ?
Yeah .|Yeah , I still wanna come .
What have you done with her ?|She 's been taken to the High Command .
Yeah , I still wanna come .|Okay , good .
Your technique has improved .|Welcome home , Subcommander .
Yeah . I 'll take a start .|Yeah , me too .
If I love her ?|How could I love that old bag ? Don 't be nasty . She 's your wife . I gave up on her already . The only one I love now is you , Kayo .
Breakfast will be ready in the dining room in ten minutes .|Thank you . I was hoping to find you risen .
What the heck ? Is that you , Hirata ?|What a coincidence ! How long 's it been ? Since that class reunion ? That 's right ! 20 years ! Or is it 30 ?
V 'Las can 't govern without approval from the Council . The existence of the Kir 'Shara will persuade them ... to reconsider their support .|I don 't suppose they 'll let us just walk into the High Command .
Thank you . I was hoping to find you risen .|I 'm sorry .
I first met Claude Dumoulin 30 years ago when we were cadets together , alongside a number of you here . And after 28 years serving the people of Paris , Claude deserved a long retirement . But it was not to be . The good heart with which he served the people proved to be an exhausted one .|We thank you , Claude ... .. for your service and for your friendship .
We even played doubles in tennis !|Is that so ?
I know someone who might have them .|The Vulcans are powering weapons . The Andorians are doing the same . Travis , put us between both fleets .
We thank you , Claude ... .. for your service and for your friendship .|I 'm surprised his wife and family aren 't here . He hadn 't spoken to Juliet for years .
Administrator ... we have to call off this attack .|Our forces are committed .
Our forces are committed .|We can 't turn back .
She ran off ? 20 years ago .|That 's priceless !
Dernier appel . Tous les passegers pour Orleans .|Are they policemen ?
If you attempt to interfere again ...|I 'll have you arrested .
What 's she doing now ?|Living happily . She married some rich guy . Dammit !
Shran 's hailing .|Tell Archer that 's two he owes me .
Hello , this is Inspector LaPointe of the Police Judiciaire .|I 'd like to do a background check on a Danish national we have in custody .
Then a couple of subsidiaries . Now I 'm comfortably retired . At least , I 'd like to be , but it 's complicated .|You retired too ? I envy you .
The Vulcan ships , they 're withdrawing .|We 're being hailed . It 's the High Command .
From it all .|From temptation , humanity . From finding dead men in her home ! I protect her from it all .
He wouldn 't have succeeded without your transporter codes . The Captain told me you were in danger .|I wouldn 't have been a very good husband if I didn 't help . I 'm not certain when I 'll be able to return .
What are you doing ? If his clothes are from all over the place he might travel for a living . And the item of clothing you 're most likely to buy near where you live are your shoes .|Come on .
Kayo , he says he 's a detective .|Isn 't that ridiculous ? A big conspicuous lunk like him ? And he 's clumsy . He was always a bungler . I was .
Isn 't that ridiculous ? A big conspicuous lunk like him ? And he 's clumsy . He was always a bungler . I was .|It 's the worst job you could do . I 'm with you on that .
Okay !|Let 's do this , Mr. Detective !
Peace and long life .|You may be witnessing the start of a new era ... not only for Vulcan , but for Earth as well .
You may be witnessing the start of a new era ... not only for Vulcan , but for Earth as well .|The Minister intends to pursue a less aggressive policy toward your people . The High Command will be dissolved . You 'll no longer have us looking over your shoulder . It 's time for Earth to stand on its own .
I believe you wish to talk to me .|Does your brother always leave his guns out or does he lock them away ?
Does your brother always leave his guns out or does he lock them away ?|Aren 't you going to ask me about the events of this morning ? Answer the question , please .
Go ! Go ! Hirata ! Go ! Go ! Hirata !|You shouldn 't stay out drinking so late .
You shouldn 't stay out drinking so late .|Didn 't you see my text ? I did !
Yeah . I suggested we stayed .|I was sure that people would understand that if he had killed someone , there would be a reason . So why did you go with him ? We only have each other , Chief Inspector .
I was sure that people would understand that if he had killed someone , there would be a reason . So why did you go with him ? We only have each other , Chief Inspector .|We are all that remains of our family in Denmark .
We are all that remains of our family in Denmark .|And my brother ...
My brother has lost our family 's money .|It cripples him more than the loss of his eye .
That 's nice .|Hey honey . Yes ?
And I will see my dream Come alive at last|I will touch the sky
It is .|Don 't be frightened of your brother .
You probably shouldn 't . You 're drunk .|Hello dear .
I am frightened of him .|There is madness in our family . Our grandfather killed himself .
Hi .|I 'm exhausted .
Extremely .|Look , I know what you 're going through .
Why did you try and kill yourself ?|If I 'm in here , I cannot protect her .
If I 'm in here , I cannot protect her .|And I 'm in here for good now , aren 't I ?
It sounded like a joke at first , but your mom seems serious . What do we do now ?|What did Mom say ?
You 're fine ?|Well ... if you ever do want to talk , let me know .
I am being honest with you , Chief Inspector .|And it is not helping . What is your name ?
He said the first time his father was visited by a policeman , he had him kicked off the estate .|What is the name of your family estate ?
They 've gone senile .|Ignore them !
I found myself praying to God .|Calling to him for the first time in my life , that if I lived , I would do good .
Do you know a jeweller from Antwerp called Isaac Goldberg ?|No .
Hey !|Hey ! No !
Er , can I help you ?|You okay ?
So , we 've got Goldberg 's car passing into France through border control at ten o 'clock last night . Which means that if he was shot in the early hours of the morning , he must have driven straight to Arpajon . It 's a blue Renault , registration P3016 , and we need to find it .|The Belgian police say that the diamonds aren 't at Goldberg 's place , which means he must have come to Arpajon to sell them on . And as they weren 't on Anderson when we picked him up , either Anderson hasn 't got them or he has yet to shift them . So I want him watched every second of the day and night . Why have you let Anderson go ?
You could actually feel yourself being taken apart and put back together .|When I materialized , first thing I did was lose my lunch .
Second thing I did was get stone drunk . Trick I learned from Zefram Cochrane .|Now there was a man who knew the benefits of a little " liquid courage . "
The truth .|The truth ? Well , not all of it , of course .
The truth ? Well , not all of it , of course .|They will be keeping us under observation , I 'm sure . So we must be above suspicion . I was afraid I 'd never see you again . I thought , if they let you go , you might have continued running .
I would never run without you .|Hello ? ... Is it all right to come in ?
Dad poops so slowly .|I 'll be late . I 'm on my way !
He lost a son . If you leave , he 'll lose a daughter .|If this test goes well , it 'll be a new start for him . Give him something to look forward to . He won 't spend all of his time thinking about the past .
I 've just apologised to your detectives for my outburst and ... .. I owe you an apology , too .|I guess , out at Arpajon , I 'm used to getting my own way . I should first have informed you of my decision .
Cheer Ken for me .|Here . Lunch money . Thanks . See you !
I can always tell when you 're upset .|You do this like you 're in a hurry .
Madame .|Oh , thanks .
Sickbay ! Crewman down in the Armoury !|He suffered massive cellular disruption . As if he 'd been subjected to intense ... delta radiation . Did other crewmen see anything ? The lights were malfunctioning . This anomaly you detected ... you think it was somehow responsible ? It showed up at the same time . In the same location .
Same thing .|Okay , time for a break . These are from Shigeko .
I was going to go there yesterday , but I ...|I couldn 't face it . I stayed in the hotel all day . I didn 't want to see her .
Got to be careful , mate .|It 's Jojo , right ? Inspector Janvier . We met this morning . Yeah .
It 's Jojo , right ? Inspector Janvier . We met this morning . Yeah .|A dozen men have gone in this garage in the past ten minutes . What 's going on ?
What do you mean , " couple " ?|Shota 's bringing his girlfriend today .
His girlfriend ?|He told me not to go to the culture center today .
He told me not to go to the culture center today .|Then he left home early . To pick her up .
We can 't do this to him , to his crew .|We 're almost ready for our first test .
He found a girl ! She shouldn 't come . Why not ?|We took time out of our busy schedules today to talk about your divorce , as your children . Shut up , Taizo !
Claire thinks Louis is going to divorce her . She thinks or she knows ? Has he said anything to you about a woman ? She 's asked me to check an address where she thinks he 's keeping her . I don 't think you should get involved .|She has asked me . There have been women before in their marriage and she 's managed to come to terms with it .
We owe him that much , Dani .|I wonder what he would have to say about all this .
I wonder what he would have to say about all this .|About what we 're doing .
So Mom , you 're serious ?|This way .
Er , this is ... I 've heard . Welcome .|Hello . Come in . Thank you .
Hello . Come in . Thank you .|They 're here . The couple .
They 're here . The couple .|Wow . The gang 's all here .
The probe materialized at the target coordinates .|Looks like it arrived in good condition . Captain , we 're receiving telemetry .
My daughter 's name is Else .|And when is the last time you were in contact with them , Ambassador ? They are the youngest of my family , close from an early age .
It 's been a long day . You must be starving . You go ahead . I 'll join you later .|Sure you don 't want a second pair of eyes ? One pair will do . And no offence , Commander ... but I work much better when I 'm not being distracted .
Um ... She 's your fiancee ?|Nice to meet you .
Sure you don 't want a second pair of eyes ? One pair will do . And no offence , Commander ... but I work much better when I 'm not being distracted .|You know where to find me .
And there was always something wild about them . Illicit relationships . Playboy lifestyles .|My son grew up with no sense of duty .
Not true ? Something very similar appeared on Emory 's research ship . Five years ago .|T 'Pol dug up the report from Starfleet 's data banks .
So ... five years ago , I decided to cut them adrift . Both of them . I stopped their access to the family trusts and forbade them to use our name . Did you contact him since his accident ?|I read about the accident .
Um , I brought this .|Thank you .
Crew member saw it . Said it seemed to be alive .|Bridge to Captain Archer .
I 've lost it .|T ake Section Three . Take Section Four . Don 't let it touch you .
This way .|It should be here .
They must be worried , with their daughter in Tokyo .|Actually , my dad 's in Fukuoka , but my mom 's in Tokyo .
Can you slow it down ?|Hold it .
Hold it .|Enhance .
Hear that ?|Noriko .
You may go back to your search now , Chief Inspector Maigret .|Carl believes that if he reads the Bible to me I will sleep the peace of the righteous , but I often need a little help . Don 't you ?
Carl believes that if he reads the Bible to me I will sleep the peace of the righteous , but I often need a little help . Don 't you ?|You seem a sad man .
But he died alone .|Unloved ?
I 'm here to bring back my son .|What are you talking about ?
We were conducting first trials .|My greatest achievement .
Dad , remember that person I told you about ? I brought her . Hello . Sorry to come so suddenly .|What could you possibly like about this weirdo ? Just ignore him .
No . Don 't be ashamed . All men seek comfort . All men want to be significant , I know that . It 's what unites you all .|Hey ! Hey !
We haven 't met like this since the New Year 's before last . That 's right . Last year , Konosuke had his hemorrhoids removed .|Have they come right ?
I suppose I knew that at the time . You let him go through with the test ?|I was a relatively young man who had ... created something to change Starfleet . After an achievement of that magnitude , there was nowhere to go but down .
My life became just one long struggle to recapture past glory . I 'm not talking about you . I 'm talking about Quinn .|I wasn 't thinking of the consequences .
I wasn 't thinking of the consequences .|You said you came here to get him back ?
What 's going on , Dad ?|With what ? With what ? You know what . You know why we all came . I didn 't ask you to .
Do you know who your husband travelled to Arpajon to meet ? Yes . And I want them to suffer for it . Them ? Was there more than one ?|I want to say a prayer for my husband where he died .
We 're not happy to be here either .|A family meeting on such a fine day ? Work meetings are bad enough . Why do I have to go to one at home as well ?
And then I 'll tell you who he was there to meet .|What are you doing ? I realised you hadn 't eaten all day and your brother said you liked omelettes .
But Carl would sometimes tell me who he met . And Goldberg was someone who could sell things on , like my rings .|Who else did your brother know ?
We can 't just turn the ship around and leave a man to die .|You have your orders . I suggest you get started .
You have your orders . I suggest you get started .|We 're still getting a spike in the array .
I 'll get on it .|I know you don 't approve of what I 've done . You need my approval ? I 'm disappointed that you think less of me .
Are you still thinking of Claude Dumoulin ? How did you know that ? Because I know you . Are you smiling ?|'So is Louis going to leave Claire for his mistress ? ' How do you know I checked that ? Because I know YOU .
What happened ? Why didn 't you talk to me about it before all this ?|Up till now , I thought you were happy with your life .
Yes .|It 's an honest answer .
No . But I think you 'd be very good at it . I will see you later .|'Bye . '
And I 'd do almost anything to get her back .|Except put other people in danger .
Quinn and I used to argue all the time .|Wasn 't until I lost him that I realized that those arguments ... were some of the happiest moments of my life .
Wasn 't until I lost him that I realized that those arguments ... were some of the happiest moments of my life .|I 'll be in Engineering .
I 'll be in Engineering .|Can I come in ?
His gun has not been fired .|Why were you out in the orchard with a gun ?
Please .|What is it , Chief ?
Shota , what do you think ?|Mom , you 've put up with so much for so long , without complaining .
Once , when you released Anderson and once when Michonnet was about to talk .|So what 's he so frightened of ?
You think he 's involved ?|Ten years ago , when he left the 8th , there were rumours about why Claude Dumoulin got him moved out of Paris . That he was on the take ? They were just rumours , I never really knew .
Now you 're all grown up , and he 's still healthy .|Now I want to be free of him , and live the way I want to .
That 's all , as your father likes to say .|Tomiko , you have to be pragmatic about this . Pragmatic .
He 's here .|Jonathan . There .
If you divorce , how will you make a living ? Where will you live ? He 's right .|I 'll be fine .
Have you seen that man before ?|I 'll pay for good information .
I 've waited so long for this moment . Planned for it .|What if something goes wrong ? What if I fail ?
It 's a lovely place , with a big lawn and a red roof .|Mom , don 't be fooled ! It must be a scam . They 're after her assets .
Henry never was a poet .|He didn 't need to be .
Is that it ? No . One more .|No .
No .|His name 's Anderson .
He hasn 't been around for about a year . He turned up for a bit and was a religious pain in the arse , if you know what I mean .|He tried to save fallen women . He would stand on a soap box in the street and preach to thieves about how they should hand back what they 'd stolen . He 's an idiot . What about his sister ?
The novels he wrote are popular now , and the royalties get deposited in my account . I can live off that .|A mansion in Denenchofu , with a large garden and red roof .
A mansion in Denenchofu , with a large garden and red roof .|Two elegant elderly people living together . It sounds dreamy . Don 't talk rubbish !
Just one thing puzzles me , Jojo .|Why so many trucks need new spare tyres .
I 'm doing what I can to keep this family together . You left , so you 've got it easy . Huh ? The way you talk , you sound like you want them to divorce . I don 't want that ! You do ! I know you do ! Calm down . Young lady , you must be shocked . I bet you don 't want to marry into this crazy family now .|No , I don 't think that way .
A member of your crew is dead .|There 's no way I 'm going to avoid the consequences .
I have a brother , but we 're not close .|I never had a chance to get together like this and talk as one big family .
There 's no way I 'm going to avoid the consequences .|There 's one good thing to come out of this .
Is he a company man ?|He is .
We 're the same !|We worked all our lives for our families . Packed trains . Mean bosses . Tough targets . Lonely transfers .
Get off your high horse .|You big bloodsucker .
Now .|Hey , you , stop ! Stop or I 'll shoot !
Hey , you , stop ! Stop or I 'll shoot !|Thierry Bertinet ... .. I 'm arresting you for murder and conspiracy to murder . Don 't be silly , don 't be silly .
Kayo ? Kayo ! The bar ! Yeah , I know it . I like to drink . So what if I 've got a favorite bar or two ? You and the sexy bar owner are suspiciously close . You say " Kayo , you 're the only one I love . " You have outrageously lewd conversations .|I have incontrovertible proof !
.. decades . Free of the job and free of Claire .|Where were you going ?
Dad ! What 's wrong ? Get him to bed ! Wait , please ! Stay out of this ! Go over there ! Listen everybody ! Okay ? She 's a nurse ! She works at a hospital !|She 's used to this , so trust her ! That 's best ! Don 't move him .
It 's not like I didn 't know this was coming .|At least my warp engines still need me .
We 're moving you . One , two , three !|What should I do ? Get off your back and help ! Send an ambulance ! Mr. Hirata ? Mr. Hirata ? My father collapsed . He 's seventy ... How old is he ? He 's old . And unconscious .
What should I do ? Get off your back and help ! Send an ambulance ! Mr. Hirata ? Mr. Hirata ? My father collapsed . He 's seventy ... How old is he ? He 's old . And unconscious .|Address ? Whose ? Oh , this place ?
No . Don 't . Don 't get up .|Is it her ?
No . Can you get a message to her ? Tell her ... Tell her to continue with the Bible while she 's in prison . 'There will be more joy in heaven over one sinner that repents . ' I 'll tell her .|And tell her I 'll wait for her .
Coming in .|Thank you .
Couldn 't resist .|I 'll check it out .
You , in the blue van ! Exit the vehicle ! Keep your hands where we can see them ! Palms up !|What 's your problem ?
Mask 's okay .|One , two , three !
Got anything for me ? A car chase involving a stolen van .|There was a victim inside ? Can you hold on a minute ? Christopher Ryan .
Thank you .|Coming through . Clear the way .
You don 't think his foster parents took him ...|Christopher ?
His lD and insurance cards . Shoes on .|His head 's clear . Shuzo , I 'm so sorry ! Don 't cry . Suck it up !
And , in his strange way , he felt by saving you from the streets he was also saving himself .|He 's a damaged man . But he 's a good man . And he 's your husband .
My father 's 73 .|May I see ?
May I see ?|" Name : Konosuke Hirata . " My brother wrote his own name . How dumb is that ? Thank you . Making a left turn . Please stop .
I think we need to formally adopt him . We have to give him back . I can 't take it anymore . Gwen , motherhood 's not for everybody . There ought to be a test .|I always wanted to have children . Noah was the one who said that it was selfish , well , you know , with all the unwanted children in the world . Christopher was his idea , not yours .
Thank you .|Fumie .
I can hear you I can hear you OK Report from Group Three Enemies attacked the Group Three Group Six and Group Seven with eight group soldiers at the same time The focus is the main mountain So far the position belongs to us|Group Seven are in an advantage position on the battle
Group Seven are in an advantage position on the battle|Chief staff officer Announce camp three and the Group Seven Make sure to hold the position untill tomorrow morning The Camp Three must
It 's called the Greenline . While we were working together , there was always lots of wining and dining the buyers .|And Noah 's still out there living it large while you 're wrangling the Tasmanian Devil .
Bodyguard A bottle of water for Header Zhang|Did Leader Li tell you the mission Yes , he did It was commanded that we go to take the position From Grade Seven Come here
He breaks things . He throws tantrums .|He doesn 't listen to a word I say . And the constant chattering .
Leader A telephone call from the Korean People 's Army speakinq Comrade Leader You must worried about the situation for days take care of your health Thank you I am very healthy I 'm healthy Do you know Our Division Two are fighting against the enemies on the west hill You can attack them planted so that we don 't have to worried the American Division Seven on the east line|Yes Alright Alright Leader The noodles gets cold again Alright I 'll go there right now Header Zhang How are you Fine thank you
He doesn 't just make up wild stories .|He tells outright lies .
Yes Alright Alright Leader The noodles gets cold again Alright I 'll go there right now Header Zhang How are you Fine thank you|You know it 's an important mission Report to leader We know the mission is of great importance the comrade in our group always said that What did he they They said that all the mission that comes to Grade Eight are of great importance Who say it like this
He 's a nightmare . No ! You promised me you wouldn 't make me go with them ! No , we didn 't . All parents make their kids eat their vegetables . It 's not abuse . I know ! So why did you pretend that it was ? Because I 'm not allowed to talk about the other thing ! Okay , what other thing ?|It has to be a secret from Noah .
Praise be to Buddha . Ding ! Then what ?|We arrange a funeral venue , and have the wake the next day . The following day , the funeral . Cremation . Gather the ashes . That 'll take three or four days .
You 'll know about it when you get on the front line|Did your mother go out to study ? Yes Heave a seat
Leader|What 's your name Yang Decai A reporter of Group Eight Camp Three
What are you writing Diary Can I read it ?|As long as we Group came to the position We must What will you do ? We must defeat the enemies You are right Just like your header You are a brave reporter
This was all so unexpected . It 's not over yet . It 's not . Don 't give up hope .|See you later .
Seriously , tell me about it .|This is a drug testing facility , nothing illegal . They do clinical trials here . Yeah ? What ? For lead poisoning ? This one 's for multiple sclerosis . You got MS ?
See you .|Hello ? Unashige here !
This is a drug testing facility , nothing illegal . They do clinical trials here . Yeah ? What ? For lead poisoning ? This one 's for multiple sclerosis . You got MS ?|No . Dude , this is a Phase I trial . They test it on healthy people first to make sure it 's safe .
Good But there are something you don 't know Your leader is an machine gun shooter When hearing the sound of the machine gun he must can 't help to fighting with it Commander ls there something that you want me to do ?|When will you embark ? It is announced that we must arrived at the position before tomorrow dawn Alright The Group Seven is waiting for you there
Hello ?|Hello ? Grandma ?
Why don 't you attack them What 's wrong It 's at this time that they stopped Collect them Li Zhuang Li Zhuang Li Zhuang|Li Zhuang Li Zhuang
That 's great . Congratulations .|They 're lifting him ! He 's laughing !
Political commissar The enemies increased their troop strength artilleries can 't be delivered there According to the commands of the chief in order to keep the strength all the under grand troops must withdraw into the galleries Chief officer Please Alright|In this situation the enemies will attack the Wusheng Hill Yes It 's very severe here
Any news ? Not yet . You 're late . Where were you ?|A funeral home .
Can I push the button ? Just the one marked " G. "|Christopher . Please .
Header Zhang Where is header Zhang Where is Header Zhang Munter Meng I 'm here Header Zhang You ls there someone else here We can talk here , Munter Meng No Let 's talk alone|Header Zhang You You
Something tells me the Siberts won 't be Christopher 's last foster parents . What about the other kids in this study ? Report the clinic to the group who 's supposed to be monitoring them . Well , I 'm going to make sure that this one goes to the top of their pile . Well , do it tomorrow .|Go home . You look like you could use a little sleep . Yeah . Okay . Night .
Oh , my God . There a problem ?|Christopher 's birth mother .
Header I thought about it After much deliberation I don 't think that we are wrong Many comrades died in the position|Yes , it tu re but did you see the bodies of the enemies that left on the position Why should we withdraw
I bet they made him do the night shift . It 's a Sunday too . We 're lucky Dad was admitted right away . Lots of people die in ambulances because hospitals won 't take them .|We were just talking about that . It 's lucky he collapsed when the whole family was there .
Alright|We Group Eight have never experience such an confused battle before Header of the Group Two The position will never lost when we guard it We must recapture it How many commands are there left in all the galleries Including Group Seven , there are 32 combatants 25 patients and a girl medic What What 's she doing here How can we take care of her Who is the header of Group Eight
I 'm not dressed . The place is a mess . That 's okay . My place is a disaster area , trust me .|Please .
Let 's go .|Be strong !
Please .|I must look awful . No , you look fine .
I 'll get it Give it to me Give it to me|What are you doing
Want to sit up ? Slowly now .|I just saw a preview of the afterlife .
Yeah .|I met Christopher through the Siberts . I was surprised to find out that he was your son . I never got to meet him before . Well , he was only five . I just didn 't want him to know anything about it . You know , I mean , my only salvation is that he was at a sleepover the night that , you know , that thing broke in .
Comrades The enemies are attacking the Wusheng Hill We will give them a good attack Take all the machine gun to the entrance of the galleries Reporter Get in touch with the galleries on both sides Yes|Start
Caitlyn , why did you give Christopher up ?|Look at me .
Look at me .|I mean , at first , I could function .
Start|Zhao Zhuang Zhao Zhuang
Then I just started reliving it all the time , you know ? I couldn 't concentrate at work , so I lost my job , and I lost my apartment .|And then I just wanted to sleep .
We 'll watch him for a few days .|" Aoba Funeral Home " It 's too early for that yet .
Hello ls that header of Grade Three That 's enough , you don 't have to say it Inventory results right now and give me an report later Chief staff officer Report it to the commander Political commissar|No Political commissar As a commanding officer We have to use the math on the fight field But our soldiers The privates under the leading of the PPC Every one of them may fight against several tens of , or hundreds of enemies It hard to calculate it Yes Leader A telephone call from the Li Shi the commander of Korea people army
Entirely .|That 's easy to say . Harder to do !
That 's easy to say . Harder to do !|I hate you !
I 'm not a fit mother .|Caitlyn .
Yes I agree with you|We 'll make up mind to drop the position on the surface No Xiaoyang will lead the troops to come here Before the drawn tomorrow We must recaptrue the position
And when you get better , you 're going to get Christopher back . No .|That 's never going to happen . Will you talk to a rape crisis counselor ? I did . I joined a group . I 've done it all .
Huh ? Who , me ?|I 'm not the marrying type .
Nothing stay , header Health worker , now I must go|The small fairy header Please permit Yang leaving behind one pot Why He brought back this three pots of water because he placed his life in danger from the battalion headquarter to here ls this the reason ? The reason is enough Header This is for guarantee our director can be very good in the war
Gwen met Caitlyn in therapy , but she told Detective Tutuola that it was your idea to take Christopher in .|It was . Gwen told me that Caitlyn was having a rough time raising him and she should have known better . I like to fix things .
You 're all packed up .|A wedding gift .
Header The enemy threw an explosive wrap frying that direction entrance to cave to fall The entrance over there was collapsed Collapsing ? That 'a not too bad We do not need to defend the two entrance Take soldier here|Header , explosive wrap Header Hurry , hurry up
You don 't have to do this .|It 'll be tough without you around . Kenichi can do heavy chores . I taught him . I meant your mom and dad .
It 'll be tough without you around . Kenichi can do heavy chores . I taught him . I meant your mom and dad .|It 'd be nice if things stayed as they were , but it wouldn ; t be fair on Tomiko .
Header , explosive wrap Header Hurry , hurry up|Header , please don 't do it You are our director ! Yes , yes But you see , First platoon leader The present situation
Header , please don 't do it You are our director ! Yes , yes But you see , First platoon leader The present situation|How strange it is , this gun shot so nearly
No , she doesn 't . She hates me .|That 's not true . Is so .
And the other is ? The other The other made a mistake I am criticizing him|What 's the mistake He gives up the main mission placing by superior , go out to fight this battle personally Right That should be educated At this kind of ruthlessness conflict We should need even more high degree of organization and discipline We can 't depending only on fierce or strength Yes , sir Now he understand Zhang Zhongfa , please tell all our comrades Thanked you being the excellent model for everyone lam ordering now all underground tunnel troops in whole battlefield to act like you to develop the small unite activities
I really envy you .|Please call me anytime .
She used to love me , till that man made her sad .|Then she gave me away . What man ? Was he real or pretend ?
But more and more difficulties occurred in the underground|The command headquarters decided to give us vigorously supports you to the fourth gallery Lao Wang you must deliver the things to the galleries , lam waiting for you until you come back , Yes sir Lao Wang , give them to Zhang Zhongfa for me Yes Now , go Turn right , Walks in step
Christopher wasn 't at a sleepover the night that Caitlyn Ryan was raped . He was in the bedroom right next to hers . Victims always hold something back . I hate that . Usually a detail they 're embarrassed about . Why did she keep that from us ? Maternal instinct . You talked to Christopher ? Yes . And if we 'd talked to him two years ago , we would have known that Caitlyn belonged to our pattern rape .|Annabelle Ashton . Four years cold .
Comrade , which unit are you in Me ? I 'm the cooker Wang in the headquarter . And where your header ? We 're old friends When he was a correspondent in the division headquarter|Header , header Lao Wang , how do you come As you have already so old Header Zhang , ah You have been working hard
Dad , do you really think so ?|I have to .
Caitlyn , please . This is really important . I need you to answer me .|Have you ? Once . A free trial session . Okay . Well , you said that you hadn 't . I was embarrassed . This girl at work , she made me go on this site on her computer . It was for single mothers . Did you meet anybody on it ? No .
Persisting struggles must depends on them We lie down in here Nothing to do we let down the party|Right Political instructor there are also many radishes , Xiao Wang , you should send to header He is also our director And more hardship than everybody Yes , personally directing in all daylights and dark nights Commander always work hard
Have you discussed it ? You haven 't , have you ? Shut up .|My mind 's made .
Octor 30th the entrance is controlled by enemies so the soldiers in the galleries are separated from the outside The water in the galleries less and less every day|The soldiers are living in hungry and thirsty
The soldiers are living in hungry and thirsty|Today Zhang Zhongfa organize the soldiers to robber water for the seven time
If that 's how you feel , shouldn 't you put it into words ?|If you do that , but she still says she wants a divorce ...
I can 't tell her .|She should know already . Words don 't matter . Feelings do .
Maybe you can tell us a story|Me Come on Come on
" Thanks to him , she is able to end her European holiday . "|" Six months later . "
Do a voice lineup .|Number one , please step forward and loudly whisper the line you were given .
" ln Ginza , she runs through the rain toward the subway . " " Someone holds an umbrella over her . "|" ' Hey there . I thought I recognized you . ' "
Number one , please step forward and loudly whisper the line you were given .|You 're a bad mother .
Number three .|You 're a bad mother .
I don 't mean to that Monitor It 's her life Every chooses the things he likes|Your moustache shall be clean now Good
I 'm not abandoning you . I 'm going to fight to get you back , okay ? You know I love you , right ?|It 's all slobbery . Yeah . I know it is . Don 't touch your cheek . Don 't touch your cheek . All right , come with me .
Munter Munter|Wang You You
I just need to stamp my seal .|Your control sucks . Your catching ! Enough ! Shut up and clean up !
I just ...|Mommy 's been very sick , okay ?
Munter Header Comes to see you|Munter Meng
Yeah .|I do .
I stamped my seal .|Forget this . Hearing those words was enough .
You 'll get him back .|I 'm afraid I 've got some bad news . What now ? I heard back from the Chief of D 's office . You know a Greg Burkle ? Oh , no . Who 's that ? Guy I used to work with back in Narcotics . After his wife divorced him , she started calling me . Damn . Well , Greg 's at One PP now . He 's in charge of processing transfers . Guess I 'm not going anywhere soon . Well , you know you could never leave me . Captain , Fin and I are thinking of going in on a bar . You want to buy in ? Well , gee , John , I don 't know . Let me run it by the guys at my next AA meeting . Yeah ! I reached out to a friend of mine . He does security at Hudson U. Got my guy . He 's running him over now . If anything breaks , just come get me .
Couldn 't grab a taxi .|Mom and Dad ? Upstairs .
Water Munter Meng We have water now We have lots of water Don 't deceive me any more|I 'm so week
You said that so coldly .|They 're your parents . Why don 't you ask them ?
What have you got , Liv ? I found our fourth victim , Annabelle Ashton . She moved back to Iowa after her rape .|She killed herself last year .
Hey . Is everything okay ?|Why ?
Look , you can 't do this to yourself .|You can 't go there .
You can 't go there .|Hey , guys . We got a hit off Noah 's DNA .
Why are you doing this to us ? This is crazy . Gwen . He couldn 't have done it . Gwen , it was him . It was the only time he left DNA . After that , he started covering his tracks . It 's not possible . Listen to me . The DNA from your rape kit was entered into CODIS five years ago . The match was confirmed . Noah raped you . Noah ? Noah , tell them that they 're wrong .|Tell them that they 're wrong . Baby , why aren 't you telling them that they 're wrong ? Gwen , listen to me . You need to tell them what really happened .
Header I can 't run any more|It doesn 't matter You 'll be OK This is the Zhang Zhuang This is Zhang zhuang Can we help you No Call the Class One It 's required that the header of Group One return to the helicopter and the header of Group Three The header of Group Four
" Poor devil " , a Forsyte might say to himself , " looks as if he 's having a bad time . "|But then follows the consoling thought , " it serves him right , " after all .
But then follows the consoling thought , " it serves him right , " after all .|He should manage his affairs better . "
You 're telling me I married ...|I married my own rapist ?
You never had the time of day for me before that . It all turned out all right . I made you feel safe . You fell in love with me .|Do you know how I feel right now ?
Well Your kettle is not full , is it ?|The boy just laughs .
Zhang Zhongfa Please come here|Look It 's only a few day that our strength has grown so much There are many artilleries team with enough artilleries It 's different from before With your help , We 've got enough time to prepare it
Noah Sibert accepted the plea deal . Surprised you offered him one . I thought you were dying to strut your stuff in the courtroom . It 's not about me . There were a lot of traumatized victims in this case . Now they won 't be dragged though a trial . So what 's he get ? The max . You are good . How did you do that ? Threatened him with a penalty enhancement of 25 years . How ? The New York Hate Crimes Statute covers race , color , sexual orientation , religion and gender .|Noah targeted a specific subset of women . Most rapists do . He actually believed you could charge him with rape as a hate crime ? No one 's been able to pull that one off . He knows I intend to be the first .
Look It 's only a few day that our strength has grown so much There are many artilleries team with enough artilleries It 's different from before With your help , We 've got enough time to prepare it|I came here to ask you to thank the transport team instead of us and thank the supporting team in Korea The worked more than the transport mission
Bilson , is your mistress up yet ?|I don 't know , sir . I took her up some breakfast , but when I knocked , she said to take it away .
It happened four months ago . I was working undercover in a prison and a male guard tried to rape me .|And I was ... I was okay at first .
I see . Thank you .|Irene .
The position is 500 feet long and 300 feet wide Now I 'll hand it to you It doesn 't lack of an ench|Comrades in the Main mountain galleries get together here
But I do not age .|Time has lost its effect on me .
We were slaves .|Down , down , you miserable beast !
I feel like I don 't deserve to be here .|But I feel like ...
Work ? What work ?|You forget . I 'm a qualified music teacher .
Here . Why don 't you have a seat ?|Okay .
Okay . What 's your name ?|Eric Byers .
But we now stand against Aku . If he is ever in need , we will be there . Thank you . I have to go .|Oh , man . Oh . All this walking is hard on my neck .
I love him .|But I know it 's wrong .
Dippity doo dang , babe .|Hey , man , close the damn door ! You 're letting all the heat out !
It 's Cory .|He 's my stepbrother .
Turkey Carve !|But Samurai Jack enlightened me to the true meaning of being a Samurai .
And when he realized I meant it , it seemed as if he accepted the situation .|But last night , when I came in , he followed me upstairs .
Shortly after , I gave up my blade and top knot and became the bartender here at the place where we first met . Uh ... That doesn 't sound bad at all . That 's because you ain 't got no soul , you robot fool ! I have returned !|I , Demongo , have come to collect the souls of the greatest warriors .
At least ... At least , I don 't think . Think ? I 've been drinking a lot .|Blacking out .
Blacking out .|I just want ... I just want the pictures in my head to stop . Okay . Why don 't you have a seat ?
Oh , I fought him .|Oh , god , philip , I fought him , but he was too strong for me .
Yes . Follow the path north .|Who ?
Everybody will .|Is there a rehab I can go to ? Rehab is for people with addictions .
It 's all over . It 's all over .|Oh , I shouldn 't have told you , I didn 't mean to .
Hope lives . It is everywhere . I 've seen it , everyone you have touched , the people you have helped . You saved them ! Enough !|Hope is just a fleeting sentiment . Your failure is real . You must face the consequences or continue to bear the guilt of your dishonor for all eternity .
Oh , Philip , my love , my love .|Well , anyway .
Well , anyway .|Whatever happens now , you 're to stay here , you 're not to move out of here . Do you understand ? You are to wait for me . Do not move one step . I 'll get some money somehow .
You made me way more than what I was .|The hope you gave me saved my life !
I 'll be back as soon as I can , two or three house at the most .|And we 'll leave at once . Now , wait for me . I 'll wait .
The hope you gave me saved my life !|Death follows in your wake ... Men , woman , children .
Yes . All those children dead because of you .|No ! The children ... they 're alive ! You saved them !
What ?|Oh , I beg your pardon . Yes .
No ! The children ... they 're alive ! You saved them !|No more words !
Well , that 's ridiculous . Where 's your husband now ?|My husband is downtown plugging potholes . Okay . He 's going to need to meet us at the hospital . I don 't believe this . Who would make these accusations ? Who is telling you these lies ? Because they are lies . Your son . Eric .
Bosinney . Who are you ?|Come on now , you know me , George Forsyte .
Why would he say that ? We believe that he 's been abusing Cory .|Well , that ... That is not true . That is not true . I need to search his room . No . Well , you can forget it because I will not cooperate with you until you can prove to me that my son has done this . We 're not going to know that until after the medical exam .
Look at this !|Hey ... Hey ... Get here ... Look at this !
He 's taken a knock .|I 'm going after him . In this ?
Detective ? There are no outward signs of penetration . No anal abrasions and no evidence of mucosal tears . I didn 't find any sap in his throat either . Sap ? Seminal acid phosphatase . Oh , God . I had to give Cory a sedative , so he 'll want to sleep when you get him home .|I told you Eric didn 't do this . We still don 't know that , Mrs. Kelley . Wait , what do you mean ? When there is an oral or digital assault , it doesn 't leave any physical marks .
Why won 't you believe me ? It starts with the fantasies .|Which scared you , at first . But then you started drinking , and what you wanted didn 't seem so bad after all . That 's not true .
Which scared you , at first . But then you started drinking , and what you wanted didn 't seem so bad after all . That 's not true .|I know it 's wrong . So , you started surfing the Net to find people who understand .
Rape . Rape his own wife .|Oh , God .
You must be Tujunga , Winnetou 's adopted son . Tujunga is proud that Old Shatterhand has not forgotten him .|Tujunga owes his life to you .
One guy told me that it wasn 't my fault .|That I was born this way . And you needed to believe that . It gave you permission to abuse your brother . I didn 't .
Bosinney !|Philip ?
Look , but never touch . Who 's Jake ? He runs a website called Pediaphax .|He said that he could help me with my urges .
Killed by Whites ! Why ? Tujunga doesn 't know . Whites wanted to hang me . Your words do hurt me . I don 't know if the white man really wants to live in peace with us .|I 've waited for you , Tujunga . Let 's go hunting !
The child psychologist isn 't getting anywhere with Cory , so I 'm cutting Eric loose .|Well , can 't we get him into a program ? I mean , he clearly wants to get help . The only programs out there are for registered sex offenders .
I am glad to finally have found the White Dove ! This is Old Shatterhand , the friend of the Indians . Don 't you know him ?|I have heard a lot about the great white hunter . I know the fate of the White Dove and know how she lives here . I came to change that .
Yes , well , we shan 't know that until tomorrow , shall we ?|You will give your evidence .
So , he came to us for help and we can 't do anything until he rapes a kid . The way Eric is stressed , that 's where he 's headed .|Photographic stalking in parks , playgrounds , arcades and schools . I doubt if parents know that their kids ' pictures are on the Internet , let alone a pedophile 's website . This is Jake Berlin , 57 , white male . Lives in Alphabet City .
And then in his infinite wisdom , mr . Justice Bentham will deliver judgment .|But the nice point .
I spend every waking moment controlling my appetites . I can 't change who I am . I was born this way . No one 's born a deviant . Homosexuals were called deviants . And now , it 's widely accepted that their orientation was hardwired at birth .|Just like mine . I wasn 't abused as a child . I mean , I don 't choose to love little girls any more than they choose to love the same gender or you choose to love women . Gay people don 't have sex with children .
Then you 're an important witness . Do you know what that means ? Yes , a witness must always speak the truth .|You go with us , my boy !
Who is that ? I wanna be damned !|Great gosh almighty !
Do you want to show me your family photos ?|I promise not to drool .
I promise not to drool .|Elliot .
Tomorrow , then . When you give your evidence , don 't be too careful .|Be open , be direct .
Be open , be direct .|A little bluffness , Forsyte , a little bluffness , what ?
A little bluffness , Forsyte , a little bluffness , what ?|Fellow 's mountebank .
Detectives . We 've got something .|I sprayed the bathroom with Luminol . Let me guess . You found semen .
Any signs of Eric Byers ? Citywide alert went out last night . The kid 's gone .|He 's a minor with no money . How did he disappear without help ? Well , we questioned his mother . Her world is falling apart . Enough to throw her kid to the wolves ? I 'm afraid you 're not going to make it to trial . Don 't get ahead of yourself , Dr. Engels . All I want to know is if the boy can take the stand . For one thing , he 's too young to testify in a courtroom . We can videotape his testimony . And he was coached .
He 's a minor with no money . How did he disappear without help ? Well , we questioned his mother . Her world is falling apart . Enough to throw her kid to the wolves ? I 'm afraid you 're not going to make it to trial . Don 't get ahead of yourself , Dr. Engels . All I want to know is if the boy can take the stand . For one thing , he 's too young to testify in a courtroom . We can videotape his testimony . And he was coached .|He just shoved a crayon into a doll 's ass . But there 's no evidence of sexual assault to his rectum . Somebody told him what to do to raise the alarm . How much time did you spend with Cory ? Meaning ? Meaning you seem pretty anxious to get into that courtroom . I don 't like what you 're implying , Detective . I haven 't talked to the boy yet . You talked with his father . That 's my job . Wait a minute . I believe the victim . Why don 't you ? Because Eric Byers walked into our precinct asking for help . He says that he didn 't touch him . Which is what all pedophiles say .
In your opinion , was Cory Kelley sexually assaulted ? I can 't answer that with any certainty . Well , I can . Are you even interested in justice , or just showboating ? Just do your damn job and I 'll do mine . Well , is there something you think we ought to be doing that we 're not ? Yeah . Squeeze the pedophile 's mother till she pops .|No hits on Dana Kelley 's LUDS for her cell or home phone . No large withdrawals from her bank . Maybe she 's renting him the apartment because somebody 's running her credit . Well , her marriage just took a nosedive . She 's looking for a place to stay . You think Jake Berlin helped Eric give us the slip ? No , but I ran him anyway . I 'm sorry to say , he came up clean . You check out Eric 's laptop ? Friends , instant messages , address book ? He 's a textbook loner . Search history turned up another website with kids in various stages of undress . Child pornography . That 's federal time . Greylek already notified the FBI and added that charge to the indictment . She 's making sure he 's going to prison . Sounds like that 's where he belongs . Berlin just uploaded a fresh batch of kids to the site .
The Apache try to displace the Whites from that territory . There is only one solution . We annihilate them all , the whole tribe ! Calm down , Dixon .|Hello !
You know , I can 't help feeling sorry for that poor devil .|What , the buccaneer ? Why ?
What , the buccaneer ? Why ?|The chap was demented . Wandering about in the fog like that , with all that on his mind .
That 's very good . My pianist was shot yesterday . Why ? He hit the wrong notes ...|Jack : draw a poster right now . " Tonight at Rosemary : music and dance "
She 's 15 now . Elliot see this ? Yeah . He suddenly had an errand to run . Move your ass , Munch . Call Olivia and Fin .|Elliot , what are you doing ? What does it look like I 'm doing ?
They left behind the corpses of your warriors after the ambush .|And why do they do that ? They don 't want peace between the Apaches and the white father in Washington .
But not for long , Smither , you mark my words .|Oh , but Cook says ... now hurry downstairs .
I figured you 'd be doing most of the talking . Berlin provoked you .|He used your family to piss you off enough to go after him .
Lawks , ma 'am , and there 's me with me brooms all over the lobby .|I did not tell you to run , Smither . You know mr . Timothy does not like it . Oh , no , ma 'am . I forgot .
I think somebody 's let them in .|Miss Hester , probably .
For how long ? Until all his bruises are gone .|And yours , too .
And yours , too .|Thank you , Captain . I 'm not done , Detective .
Have you located Eric Byers ? No . Are you even trying ? You can look for him yourself . It 's not my job . So you keep saying .|There something you want to get off your chest ? I 've been dismissed , overlooked and ignored . I deserve to be taken seriously . I wouldn 't have called you if I didn 't .
Say you 're right . Why would Sean Kelley go to the trouble ? To get a pedophile out of his home . If Eric hasn 't molested a kid yet , he will .|The bastards can 't help themselves . So , what do you want from me ? Drop the abuse charge .
Very well , dear , considering . But poor skippy 's little arrangements are not quite right .|The fog , you know .
The chieftain of the Commanches has to decide that . He wants to destroy me .|He may challenge a duel . That will prevent bloodshed among our tribes . Let me fight with Big Bear for the honor of our tribe . Dajo ! Ride to the camp of the Commanches .
Well ... I can not believe this . The case has to be examined . General , maybe you should talk personally to Chieftain Winnetou .|Bradley , bring a message to Winnetou : I propose to meet at the usual place ... Sir , may I add that our good will will not lead to good will by the Apaches ... Obey my order , Captain !
Apache Chief Winnetou has come to Comanche Chief Big Bear to ask for the name of the man , who wants this fight between us and the palefaces . Winnetou has come to offend Big Bear !|Winnetou is here to prevent war .
Do sit down , everyone .|You 'll stay to luncheon , won 't you ?
Sean used to be compassionate and forgiving .|I guess that was my fault , too . No , it isn 't .
I guess that was my fault , too . No , it isn 't .|My son is ...
Winnetou is here to prevent war .|Drunken Commanches were assaulting the trail . Winnetou got the courage of a woman . He is speaking with a twisted tongue , wanting a dubious peace with the palefaces . The Commanches don 't fear the white man . Winnetou is a liar .
Well , nobody went first . And as a result of this ... no one ate the other one .|I understand . A question of trust . No , General . It is like Chief Winnetou said : A matter of survival .
I can 't understand that . Can you ?|No .
Neither will the Apache .|Well , at least we agreed on this .
I stumbled and Geronimo got my scalp . Many dudes told a story about loosing their scalps , but I 'm really proud that mine is owned by Geronimo now . Last time you told me that Cochise took your scalp . Really ? " Hey people ! In a few minutes the big shooting contest will start ... "|" I 'm calling the participants to gather here "
It will appear as if I did shoot it from your hands . NO !|No need to be frightened . I 'm using fake bullets . That 's too silly . Leave me alone !
Oh , no doubt at all . Sir Mervyn assured me so himself . Oh , sir Mervyn , oh , then that 's all right . But if he does , what will happen to mr . Bosinney ?|They tell me he has nothing .
Bon voyage , General . We hope you 'll come back soon with the signed treaty Thank you , Colonel Hunter . You 'll be in command until I return .|Division , forward march !
Why do you look at me this way ? Someone had to do it , or we 'd be lost .|At least nobody knows that you did it , Burger . We 'll keep quiet until the folks will have forgotten about the boy .
Hardly enough if a young man has to make his own way .|Oh , I don 't know .
Anyway , I think he has chic . Winifred . Really , well , all I can say is you wouldn 't have thought so if you 'd seen the fellow yesterday , tearing through the fog as if the devil were after him . Anything less " chic " it 'd be hard to imagine .|Well , I 'm afraid I must be off .
No , my baby ! No . My baby .|No ! No , no , no . No , please ! Please . Let him go , Dana .
Just leave me alone . Please . He 's dead . I can 't let you touch him .|As soon as you calm down .
You can 't just go and leave us all bursting with curiosity .|I 'm sorry , mama . Freddie will tell you all the shocking details . Won 't you , Freddie ? Goodbye , everyone .
As I did !|This knife belonged to my father . Now you will take it .
So if there 's anything , go to Jack Herring . I shall remember . I wish I could find the words , father , I ...|I 'd be grateful if you said nothing more about it .
He will confess it . He shall come closer . I want to see his eyes .|Follow me !
Wasted ? Oh , I don 't know .|Not for you , perhaps .
Dana .|Did you rent it for him ? No , I told you . I didn 't .
Hello , darling . Good morning . Good morning . I 'm just leaving . How are you ? Very well , thank you . Jo , your father was about to ask you to do something . Yes , father . What is it ? What can I do ? Oh , it 's this tomfool case , Soames and Bosinney . I 'm told it 's coming up this afternoon . So ?|Yes , well , what do you want me to do ?
They took him away ... .|Dixon ! DIXON !
I 'd go there myself , but it wouldn 't be the thing .|No . No , hardly the thing .
From the blood volume on the walls and floor , COD is probably going to be exsanguination . You find a murder weapon ? These cheap knives were in the kitchen . It took seven blades to finish him off ' cause they kept snapping . I count at least a dozen stab wounds .|That 's a lot of rage . The killer had to cut himself . That 's why I 'm hoping all this blood isn 't Eric 's . They said he was screaming . Someone from this neighborhood came forward as a witness ? The victim dialed 911 . Disposable cell .
I came with peace in my heart . I want to the Colonel , the great white warrior . The chief of the Apaches is presenting himself with all his weapons ? Take them off !|You want to challenge Winnetou !
Because you don 't know yourself whose side you 're on .|So now you ask Jo to do this for you .
I 'm enjoying having an Indian before me in this way , without any weapons !|Defenseless . As defenseless as my wife and children had been when they were murdered by by Scavenger Indians ! During their sleep !
It is . After nine years , nine years , when you don 't care if Jo is dead or starving , now you come and say , " please , Jo , do this for me , do that for me .|Because for me , Jolyon Forsyte , it is hardly the thing . "
The chief came here under safe conduct !|Yes , he CAME ... Therefore he can go when he likes to . That 's depending on how we will agree . Just the 2 of us !
Captain ! Take me to Colonel Hunter !|As you like .
I removed these splinters CSU identified as Northern White Ash . White Ash . I 'm thinking baseball bat , but they 're usually milled and coated .|Not if they 're homemade .
Helene , do you know why he came to see me ? To ask you to go to the trial . No , no . That was an afterthought . A good afterthought . He takes , but he gives nothing . He asks for everything .|Would you really like me to tell you why he came ?
I wouldn 't .|You don 't know where that 's been .
A snake bite .|Bradley !
Shatterhand , what do you mean ?|This makes no sense . You kill me and my men will shoot both of you .
So he 's changed his will .|Without any conditions at all , he 's settled on me 1000 pounds a year , now , at once .
But I didn 't kill him . I left him crying , but alive .|What are you selling ? After that performance ? Nothing . Well , you might want to reconsider . The jury pool is full of parents . A boy is dead . Not my client 's problem . He just said he didn 't kill him . Although he clearly had reason to . Nothing justifies premeditated murder . Well , I wouldn 't use righteous indignation in your closing arguments for a pedophile , Counselor . You 'll lose .
OK then ...|I 'll give you that paper as soon as we are out of here . As an officer and being amongst gentlemen , I trust your word . Corporal ...
You 're under arrest for murder , Mr. Berlin . Okay , my website , my rules . I said there 'd be consequences . Yeah , let me explain something to you . No matter what you may think , you are not a hero . Of course I am . I 'm a shining example of how people like me have to live . I did what the Supreme Court refused to do . I made raping a child a capital offense . A life for a life . Did he murder the boy ? By molesting him , Eric killed his spirit , which pretty much did the same thing . Is that why you butchered his body ?|I didn 't intend that . You repeatedly stabbed him after he was dead . Which is what he deserved . He crossed a line that I would never breach . I know who and what I am . You know , he ... I can 't fall off the wagon just once . I can 't have one . Just one . Why , if I can do it , why can 't he ? He was a pedophile . So am I. If you 've never touched a child , then that makes you a first .
I 'm so ashamed , I could kill myself .|Good luck , sir .
Is that what set you off ?|Yeah , I was livid . He begged me to understand , and he said that he couldn 't stop . He asked ... He told me that I should just let go and that I should do it . That I 'd ...
That I would know the bliss . That I 'd be unburdened .|And now there 's a kid out there , somewhere , hurting , and there 's nothing we can do .
Thank you . What do you mean , you 'll come ?|Oh , I 'll tell you later .
Did he touch you ?|Did he hurt you at all ?
The case is just coming on . Ah , Chankery .|Well , I shall be very interested to hear what your client has to say . Well , you may be surprised too .
Well , I shall be very interested to hear what your client has to say . Well , you may be surprised too .|I doubt it . With respect , but I doubt it .
Did he hurt you at all ?|No .
No .|You sure ?
Dismount !|Mr. Shatterhand ! As an officer and amongst Gentlemen I regret to tell you that you and your little red brother will be shot .
In pounds ? You 're on , George .|Forsyte against Bosinney .
But I don 't want to die .|That 's good to hear . Have a seat .
Open it !|Shatterhand ! Get out !
Oh , for the life of the rolling sea Get out of my house !|Get out ! What are you doing here ? Hey , Ronda ! Ronda , call 911 . Tell them we have an intruder . Hey ! Hey , that 's my shower curtain ! Get back here ! This crazy bitch terrified my family . I want her arrested , now . Sir , we have to locate the suspect first . How hard can that be ? She left her clothes behind , and her wallet . You go back in . Liv . Patrol dumped this one on us why ? Because the whack job was found naked in the shower ? Elliot . Last week , it was because the guy had his Johnson out taking a piss in the alley . What 's next ? Felony puppy humping in the dog run ? Elliot , I called you in .
Come on ...|Come on . Tie him up . It 's an order of the Captain .
Come on . Tie him up . It 's an order of the Captain .|The heavy artillery on position !
" Dear Bosinney , I did not mean to say that if you should " exceed the sum named in my letter by 10 , 20 , or 50 pounds " there would be any difficulty between us .|" That being so , I should like you to reconsider your answer .
" That being so , I should like you to reconsider your answer .|" You have a free hand in the terms " of this correspondence , " and I hope you will see your way " to completing the decorations , " in the matter of which I know it is difficult to be absolutely exact . Yours truly , Soames Forsyte . "
And now my lord , the final letter , dated may the 20th .|" Dear Forsyte , very well . Philip Bosinney . "
Come on , boys . Get out the gunpowder boxes . Hurry up ! Bring them to Captain Bradley . Shooting levels one , two and three .|Hurry up !
Daddy ! It 's so cool you 're here .|Come on ! You 've got to come try it ! If you tilt your head back , it looks like you 're floating in outer space , like an astronaut above some freaky planet . Come on ! I don 't think so , honey . Hey , Olivia . You want to come play ? That 's probably not the best idea , sweetie . Come on . But ... Let 's go .
But I don 't want to go . I 'm having so much fun . I don 't want to go . I don 't ... I don 't want to ...|I don 't want to talk about it , Dad . That 's not an option . Fine . Yell at me . I don 't care . Kathleen , I don 't want to fight with you . But ...
Attack !|Division ! Stop !
Attack , I said ! Attack ...|Division , forward !
In the course of the correspondence with this defendant , you wish to make it plain that you would not countenance any expenditure beyond a certain limit and you stated this limit in exact terms ? What are you doing here ? I might ask you the same question . And yet , when you received the bill for the decoration of the house , you found that the defendant had exceeded this limit by 350 pounds ? 400 pounds . But I was prepared to accept 50 pounds of that as extras . Quite so . Quite so . Very generous . And it is to recover that 350 pounds that you have brought this action ? Precisely . Thank you , mr . Forsyte .|Mr. Forsyte , when you agreed that mr . Bosinney should do the decorations , did you not use the expression " a free hand " ?
I 'm sorry , officer .|The situation has worsened . Your partner has slipped into a coma .
But what does it say ?|A free hand in the terms of this correspondence .
How long have you been using ? It was the first time I tried anything harder than vodka . I swear , Dad .|I 'm sorry .
Formation , formation !|Go , Lauren !
I really screwed up , again .|It 's going to be okay , honey . I 'm going to fix this .
Jules ?|Babe !
In a shocking development , controversial celebrity defense attorney Jules Caffrey has been arrested for the murder of his fiancee , Lauren Wilson . Of course , Caffrey first garnered national attention 15 years ago , when he won the landmark Abel Alcindor case . In the years since , Caffrey has defended a number of infamous criminal clients , including a long list of celebrities . Jules Caffrey is a successful black man in America . Of course they 're going after him . There 's only one JC I 'd pray to if I got in trouble : Jules Caffrey . The guy 's a legend . He 's scum . He deserves to go to prison just like any other killer . I think it 's pretty clear we have a rock solid case against Jules Caffrey . Fingerprints , DNA evidence , and a key eyewitness that all link Mr. Caffrey to the murder of his fiancee . JC cannot talk his way out of this one . He is going to prison .|Whoa , Bull . Bull , look . Ooh , purple tank , 4 : 00 . She 's checking you out , my friend . You gotta see this , Bull . Look closer . Purple tank has a wedding ring .
My lord , I fear that some disaster must have befallen my client .|I know he is most anxious to be here today to give his evidence , and yet he is nowhere to be found .
Whoa , Bull . Bull , look . Ooh , purple tank , 4 : 00 . She 's checking you out , my friend . You gotta see this , Bull . Look closer . Purple tank has a wedding ring .|Although , that was a valiant attempt at trying to distract me .
With your permission , I will call him again .|I call Philip Baynes Bosinney . And your change . Thank you . May I get you a cab ?
Vindictive bastards . So tell me , Jules . What 's your theory ? I 'm sure you have one . It 's possible that Lauren had a fling with someone . A fling ? Wow . That 's not the ideal fiancee . It was recent . A week before all of this , she was hiding something . I ... Phone calls she didn 't want me to hear .|I came to surprise her at the rehearsal , she wasn 't there . Never showed up .
And then she stopped going to class , or even coming home .|When I asked her to study with me , she called me a geek .
When I asked her to study with me , she called me a geek .|Julia ...
She gets a lot of attention . And I wasn 't always around , so I ...|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|Looking at your wall here , one of these plaques kind of stands out . The New York Foundation for Mankind Humanitarian Award , Jules Caffrey , 1999 .
There 's this girl named Mikki Braithwaite .|Mikki Braithwaite ? It 's the big bad wolf .
What can I do for you , Officer ? I 'm Kathleen Stabler 's father . And you 're here to tell me I 'm a terrible influence on Daddy 's little girl ? Get lost . Get lost .|Get out of here .
Get out of here .|Kathleen is screwed up on drugs . So ? You 're her friend . Try giving a damn . Get a life , Pops .
Let go of me , you pervert ! You 're hurting me ! Hey , you can 't touch my stuff . Yeah ? Watch me .|What 's this ? My tampons . You want one ?
All right , good practice , guys . Hit the showers . Kelvin Li ?|We 're full up , sweetheart . You 're gonna have to audition next summer like everybody else . Right . Well , I 'm an investigator with the Trial Analysis Corporation .
Nobody 's here .|Except you ... and I.
Except you ... and I.|Yes .
You 're in a world of hurt , girl .|No , you are , Detective Stabler . I 'm undercover . Well , why don 't you prove that one to me , Officer Mikki ? It 's Nikki . Detective Nikki Brisling , Manhattan South Narcotics , Shield 9598 .
I came to tell him Soames won the case .|Of course .
No , you are , Detective Stabler . I 'm undercover . Well , why don 't you prove that one to me , Officer Mikki ? It 's Nikki . Detective Nikki Brisling , Manhattan South Narcotics , Shield 9598 .|Now , let 's dance . Make it look real , or my cover 's blown and my captain will have your ass for breakfast .
I 've been undercover at Hudson since the start of the fall term . Someone 's moving some major weight through campus . I read about the two ODs . Three , actually . So Narcotics sent me in .|Lucky me . I get to suffer through Beowulf all over again . And hang with my kid .
Lucky me . I get to suffer through Beowulf all over again . And hang with my kid .|She tell you I was on the job ? Yeah . And you worked her anyway . Not as a target . She 's not dealing , Detective . Just using . What 's she on ? Coke and downers . She gets real high , and uses Valium to smooth out the crash .
Don 't stand there like that , as if you were made of stone .|I wish to God I were .
Give ' em a crumb , let ' em want more .|All right , all right . All right , all right , all right . This trial is about showing that the American judicial system works .
So ... it 's all true , everything I 've tried not to think about , everything they 've said about you , it 's all true .|I don 't know what they 've said . I haven 't been listening .
You really think juror number one is gonna be a problem ?|Boy . Kendall , the fangirl ? Yeah , she 's gonna be a problem . She 's going to enjoy every minute of this trial and every look you give her , but she 's gonna find you guilty because Shelley 's gonna convince her that you 're abusive . That is the prosecution 's game plan . Now wake up . Start listening to me .
Whatever you 're going to say , don 't . Something 's come up . Can it wait ? No .|All right . What is it ? The owners of the house that Kathleen broke into filed a complaint . Well , I saw that coming . Not against you . On Kathleen . They claim some jewelry is missing . A diamond pendant . Kathleen was wearing a diamond pendant when we found her on the playground .
I thought you were my friend .|Yes .
Yes .|And you were a child .
But you 're no longer a child .|You 're a woman .
The doctor says she 's mentally ill .|Hypothetically speaking , if a defendant has a diagnosed psychiatric condition , she can 't be arrested if she 's admitted to a mental health facility .
Hopefully cathartic .|My exes have never been that open with me .
Felt like we came to an understanding .|It 's funny how honesty can do that .
Yeah . Let 's not do that again .|Stop the abuse !
Whatever you could do or say , nothing would have been different .|Tell me .
Stop the abuse !|Justice for Lauren ! Not okay ! Justice for Lauren ! What the hell is going on ? Not okay ! That 's your jury . Right on time . For what ? She wanted to make sure the last thing these jurors saw before going home was people protesting your behavior towards women . She stole your thunder , Jules . You 're not the only one who 's got game .
No .|Have you ?
I just have to make one phone call .|Sit down . Just toss the magazines .
Yes , she has , sir . Ah , there you are .|I want to talk to you . Come and sit down .
Prosecution 's trying to paint you as some kind of player .|How does it feel to know that you were the one who got played ?
Answer the question , Mr. Caffrey . I suppose ... it 's possible . I just know it wasn 't me . No further questions .|Do you need a moment , Mr. Caffrey ? A tissue ? An Oscar ?
Do you need a moment , Mr. Caffrey ? A tissue ? An Oscar ?|No , thank you . I have one line of questioning . Are you sure you didn 't know Lauren was conning you before she was murdered ?
Kathleen got arrested .|But you 're taking care of it ? Well , I 'm trying . I mean ... You know a lot of people . You can pull strings . I mean , people who can help .
I need your help . Mine ?|You haven 't asked me for my help since I taught you how to ride a bicycle .
You haven 't asked me for my help since I taught you how to ride a bicycle .|Mama ...
Well , what do you say ?|Gran , I think ... and if by any chance you didn 't get on with them , we 'd find a little flat for you in London . I don 't see why it wouldn 't work splendidly . There 's just one thing .
Kathleen , she 's got emotional problems . Little Katie ...|I don 't believe it . The doctor says she 's bipolar . She 's manic depressive . Doctors ? Those idiots .
Will the defendant please rise for the verdict .|Madam Foreperson , do you have a verdict ? We do . We , the jury , find the defendant , Jules Caffrey , not guilty .
That 's ridiculous . Mom , you know what I 'm talking about . No .|What ... The mood swings . Your ideas . The crazy ideas . What crazy ideas ?
Things are changed .|I want to help him , and I will . You want your own way in everything . But as for the house , I 'll think about it . Well , there isn 't much time .
Mama ...|Hitchhiking to Santa Fe to meet Georgia O 'Keeffe . Well , the woman was a genius . The cops saw you on the side of the BQE , picked you up in your slip . Well , I was wearing it as a cocktail dress . When I was 10 , you wanted to go to Paris to be a painter . But I am a painter . Look , they sell my work on the boardwalk . You took me to the airport and tried to buy tickets with your Macy 's card . That was the only credit card your father would allow me to have . And when Dad picked us up at JFK ... No , it was Idlewild ... Every time he brought you back home , you got into bed and you stayed there for a month . Yeah , because I was upset . Because he was always trying to crush my dreams . They 're fantasies .
So , Shelley ... Look , I 'm not gonna pretend , Bull . It makes me sick when a killer beats the rap . Then let 's go find a killer .|Hey ! Check the bearing partition on the second floor ? ! You got it ! Chris ! Jared Preszler .
You never told me she was going to leave you .|I didn 't know . Soames , how dreadful .
Anything that doesn 't fit into your neat little boxes , you just can 't take it . Mom , this is not about me .|I need you to help your granddaughter , Kathleen .
Well , just help her yourself .|Just go tell the judge that your mother 's nuttier than a fruitcake . Mom , I need you to talk to the judge .
Just go tell the judge that your mother 's nuttier than a fruitcake . Mom , I need you to talk to the judge .|Mom . Mom , don 't walk away from me . I need some air . Mom .
What I should say you 've got to do is follow her . I don 't know where she 's gone . Didn 't she leave anywhere . where do you suppose she 's gone , after that young Bosinney , that 's where .|I know how it 'd be .
Mom . Mom , don 't walk away from me . I need some air . Mom .|Look , I didn 't come here to upset you . You didn 't ? I just want to help Kathleen .
No , you have your own show . You just put it on behind the scenes .|Maybe you should try taking the spotlight more often .
Well , church means a lot to these people , Hap . It 's their way of reclaiming ' it . Maybe that 's what they 're talkin ' about when they say " God has a plan . "|Never let a nice building go to waste .
Never let a nice building go to waste .|Religion .
Religion .|Some strong medicine .
No .|Well , then , how come I haven 't seen you for the last three years , huh ? Every time I go to the city , I see Kathy and the kids , but you 're never home . Mom , it 's the job . Things come up . I 've gotta do overtime . I heard that line for 27 years . Every time your father didn 't want to do something , he suddenly had to pull a double .
And when you do , don 't listen . Make her come back . Excuse me , sir .|What is it ? Mr. Jolyon Forsyte , sir , has called to see you .
What is it ? Mr. Jolyon Forsyte , sir , has called to see you .|Jolyon ? Now what should he want , eh ? I have a very good idea , and I don 't want to see him . But ... come along , Winifred . We 'll be in the other room , James .
And do try not to upset yourself too much . There 's a dear .|Upset ? Ha .
How could he possibly think anything about that was righteous ?|There 's a thin line between righteous and crazy .
All right , ask my brother to come in .|Very good , sir . Please come this way , sir .
Just admit you 're sick , please . Elliot ... If you could just take a deep breath , smell the ocean air .|Feel the sun on your face , the wind .
But let us not forget that goodness is real , too , and grace is real .|Even though at times like these , goodness and grace are poor substitutes for the smiling faces of our lost boys .
The sand beneath your ... Oh , I know .|Let 's build a sandcastle . Okay ? Like we used to when you were little . Remember that summer that we ... I 'd rented a cottage in Wildwood for the whole summer ? And you used to come out every morning and start digging . And then , by sunset , you 'd have this whole metropolis . And then , you 'd cry like a baby when the tide came and washed it all away .
So Soames will be out of pocket .|I dare say , but ... now , what I thought was this .
Leonard , this is Clayton .|Ivan 's dad .
Uncle James , I apologize for this interruption .|But this isn 't a social call , otherwise I should not have come .
It 's the only way to save her .|" Docket ending 0401 . " People of the State of New York v. Kathleen Louise Stabler . " How does the defendant plead ?
Elliot ? Dad ?|I hate you . I hate you ! Order ! Kiss my ass , bitch . Order ! Remove the defendant ! Don 't touch me . No , Daddy , Daddy ! Help me ! Help me ! They 're hurting me ! Daddy ! What the hell did you do ? She needs help . You think that 's what she 's going to get at Rikers ? Why didn 't you come to me ? You were trying to get her off . Isn 't that what you hired me to do ? Well , I changed my mind . If she says she 's not going to the hospital , she 'll be forcibly medicated in jail . You bastard !
Elliot ...|We 've been partners for 11 years .
We 're not just sure . Maybe it was an accident , maybe not . The fog was not so thick just there , and the omnibus driver says the gentleman had ample time to avoid him . But he walked straight under the horse 's hooves . It was an accident . You may say that , sir , But he was very hard up . We found several pawn tickets in his rooms , his account at the bank was overdrawn , and for a by , well , you 've seen the account of the case of the day 's papers . A case that went against him .|Will you step in here , gentlemen ? I 'd like a positive identification .
You take care of yourself , cowboy .|I always do .
Kathleen may be sick , but you 're the one with the problem .|I 'm through the looking glass here , Liv .
I always do .|Speaking of cowboys , what the hell happened at the end of that Randy Scott movie ?
Speaking of cowboys , what the hell happened at the end of that Randy Scott movie ?|Yeah .
Quite a young sort of chap , wasn 't he ?|I don 't know .
Can I warm that up ? Yes , thank you .|Olivia Benson ?
I never thought we 'd meet .|Mrs. Stabler , thank you for coming . Bernie . Please .
Yeah .|If it 's any consolation , a lot of people felt that way .
I was always grateful that there weren 't women in the Department in my day .|Of course , Joe made do with chasing nurses .
If it 's any consolation , a lot of people felt that way .|It isn 't .
Thank you .|And does he ever talk about me ?
Why didn 't it work ?|'Tween us ?
We have to put it out .|I 'm gonna need your fountain .
 I wanna go home . Isabel !|Sometimes , no matter how hard you try , you can 't make everyone happy . It would 've been fine if they didn 't all try to outdo each other . Some people are too set in their ways . Let 's go home , Mi Hija .
You have the nicest tits I 've ever seen in my life . Thank you .|Reg , you 've got to try this jam . It is unbelievable . It 's like eating Christmas .
Be careful with that one . It 's fragile .|I come back for the trunk . And for you .
It was selfish . I just needed you to know .|Know what ?
Elliot is a good man .|And I know him well enough to know that he didn 't get it from his father . Thank you for that , dear .
Most of our residents are on the floor upstairs .|This is Sir Thomas Beecham . He was one of Britain 's greatest conductors . Yes . I know who he was . He inherited a fortune . His grandfather made laxatives . Naming a nursing home after him is frighteningly apt . Um ... These flowers are here to welcome you . I 'll have them sent up to your room . We 're very lucky to have you here . Your room is as large as Anne Langley 's . Oh , God , is she here ? It 's a beautiful suite in what we call the B Wing . Well , it sounds like a prison . The service lift is currently being repaired , but we have the chairlift , which will be much easier . Chairlift ? What do I do when I get to the top , ski down ?
I knew it .|Mostly the other thing , but ...
Oh , my darling .|Steady , Reg .
Steady , Reg .|Excuse me , Dr Cogan . That 's why you 've kept it such a secret . You didn 't want me to know .
My mother used to call me a " flibbertigibbet . "|I 've been accused of being impulsive , irresponsible , flighty . And those are just the " G " rated words . But you never saw a doctor ? In my day , eccentricity was tolerated . You know , now , they 've got a pill for everything .
Once .|I ... I had a fight with Joe , and his gun went off .
Sorry I slugged you .|Just , somethin ' to remember you by .
Just , somethin ' to remember you by .|They 're beautiful , aren 't they ?
Fat chance now she 's here .|I 'll have to find somewhere else to live . Sod it .
TJ 's little black angels .|Yeah , I guess so , if you like angels .
You OK , Mr Bond ?|Mr Bond , are you OK ? I 'm ... just a bit dizzy .
When is that ?|End of September , beginning of October , depending on the year . Why ?
And 13 , you say ? 14 , including that one . 14 , not 15 ?|14 . Why ?
Anything ?|Reg ? Coffee ? Close the door behind you , please . Yeah . OK . I said , bitch , listen up ...
Reg ? Coffee ? Close the door behind you , please . Yeah . OK . I said , bitch , listen up ...|Well , come in .
Well , come in .|Jean ?
Remember ... Remember when we took your grandfather 's fedora for the snowman ? And his last Cuban cigar ? He was pretty pissed . Yeah . But you told him to get stuffed . Yeah , well , I was trying not to curse in front of you . As if the " F " bomb doesn 't get dropped at my house . Usually at me .|Grandma , do you think I 'm crazy ?
Leonard .|What if I told you that I don 't think Fitzgerald killed BB ?
Yes , of course . Reginald Paget 's here , isn 't he ? Yes .|Now I 'd like to ask if any of you have a favourite singer .
Me and Uncle Chester was just talkn ' ' bout that .|Detective .
Forward and back .|Nice , hips , move those hips .
God .|Hello .
Hello .|Jean ? Jean ?
I 'm in jail . He put me here . No . You put yourself here . So , you came here to tell me you agree with him ?|In 1969 , there was this amazing snowstorm . It was a blizzard . Everybody was snowbound for days . Everyone except me and your father . I drove us into the city .
In 1969 , there was this amazing snowstorm . It was a blizzard . Everybody was snowbound for days . Everyone except me and your father . I drove us into the city .|We were the only car on Broadway . It was just glorious .
Never fired my gun once .|Only pulled it twice .
First time I have to use it , I ... shoot a retard .|I don 't think they say " retard " anymore , do they ? Not now , Hap . That boy should 've never picked up that shotgun . That boy should 've never been black .
Ah ! Ladies ! You may want to avert your gaze . A wise man goes when he can , a fool goes when he must . Look , here 's Jean in all her glory . Oh , Jean . You haven 't changed a jot . Didn 't I tell you ? Didn 't I say she still looks like a young girl ? Reggie ? Don 't I get a kiss ?|Reg ?
Ain 't nobody gon believe us , Hap . It 's our word against his .|He the county sheriff . King Valentine .
Reg ?|Reggie ?
He killed BB , Len .|And you know it , I know it .
And you know it , I know it .|I don 't know how , but we are gonna prove it .
Reggie ?|Leave !
What happened to forgive and forget ?|This cologne takes me back .
So ... you fellas enjoy baseball practice ?|You seemed to .
He was a businessman .|Mixed pleasure with business rather too often . And Edward ...
Do you think I 'm crazy ?|I think you 're different .
Like me .|I 've lived the life I wanted to live , and I 've paid a terrible price .
Neither were we .|Can you find us somewhere ?
Well , I 'm not singing in any quartet .|I think you really are despicable .
I think you really are despicable .|Phew !
Beautiful , huh ? Everything 's beautiful to you today . The waitress . The hostess . Aw , don 't start . Your eyeballs got quite a workout . So did your mouth , guzzling all those mimosas . And in the buffet line , you ... No . No , no . I 'm not going to do this .|Not today .
I think I 'm gonna need a shower .|That man could charm the fangs out a rattlesnake .
Is this your idea of revenge ?|I 'm going to say something very rude to you .
Fuck you .|And you .
Get away from the girl ! Get away from the girl ! Down on the ground ! Get on your knees ! On your knees ! On your knees ! Come with me . Come with me . Get down ! Hands on your head ! Whoa . Whoa . Wait . This is a mistake . Police !|Don 't shoot me . Drop it ! Drop it !
Okay , all right . You , please tell me you 're not as big a clown as your friend here . Hey , everybody 's got their kink . Our audience pops wood for a little faux rape , so what ? " Faux rape . " Either one of you geniuses notice a real rape and murder going down on the street ? A murder ? We didn 't see anything . Not a car , not a person , nothing .|There was a cab . It was parked down there the last couple of days . Kind of weird , just hanging out . Jerk almost ran us over on Saturday when we were unloading . You get a cab number ? It might be on my camera . If it still works .
No !|No ! No !
I think she should get some rest .|Lovely girl .
Edward De Pablo . Drop the sponge . Step away from the bucket . What ? Washing a car 's a crime now ? Destroying evidence is .|What are you talking about , destroying evidence ? Where were you Friday night around midnight ? Same place I was the whole weekend , flat on my back inside . Damn summer flu . Eddie ? Who are you talking to ? It 's the cops , honey . Mrs. De Pablo ? Can you verify your husband 's whereabouts this weekend ? He was on his fat ass on my couch , bitching how his head hurt . Where was the cab this weekend ? Nobody drives this rig except me . I wish somebody would . Every minute he 's lying around is another minute we ain 't paying off our bills . Which we wouldn 't have if you wasn 't on that damn interweb all the time ... Elliot . Cab 2X89 . It 's the same make , it 's the same model , but the cab in the video has no damage . This one has a rusty fender . We got two cabs with the same number . String of rapes in Brooklyn , Queens and the Bronx the last 18 months by a guy driving what appears to be the same cab . No victim descriptions , no fluid or fibers left behind .
That as soon as he could get away and remember me ...|And ...
And ...|Um ... Miss Miriam .
You 've been up to your usual tricks .|Poor Cissy . I don 't know what came over me . I feel so ashamed .
And before I knew it , he grabbed my bags and I was in his car . And you can 't describe him at all ? Hair color ? Any distinguishing marks ?|No .
Jean .|Take part .
Said he kept all his treasures there .|Silly things children come up with .
On top of me .|In me .
Silly things children come up with .|Your son ever have anything at all to do with Valentine Otis ? The sheriff ?
What do you mean , did he have something to do with him ?|What are you askin ' ?
I really am very sorry . My fault entirely .|I think I know what it is .
Good news , somewhat . We 'll take whatever you got .|She may have been raped , but the genital mutilation looks like it was marine organisms feeding on soft tissue . Several species probably , including a juvenile Anguilla rostrata . You 're sure ?
Warner got a hit off the urine sample . Credit where credit is due . It was Fin and his exhaustive knowledge of the human penis . I want you to meet Orlando McTeer . Former driver for Midtown Cab . Did time upstate for aggravated rape .|Paroled a year and a half ago .
That 's the same time the cabbie rapist began striking . So , we got the creep 's DNA from his pee , but we don 't have DNA from any victim to match it to . So , in legal parlance , we 've got squat . Well , we know where he hangs out . We know that he prefers blondes carrying packages . Let 's say we catch him in the act . Turn the case from circumstantial to solid . Let 's go dangle some bait .|Need a cab , miss ? No , thank you .
You even look at me , I 'll choke the life out of you .|You even look at me , I 'll choke the life out of you . That 's him . You sure ? There are three more in there .
Dress is done .|Reggie likes this one , but I think ...
" For my Best Boy . "|Best Boy ? Yeah . Think the son of a bitch would 've signed it .
In my cab .|I picked a girl up outside the mall .
You look very handsome .|You look very beautiful .
She 'll tell you what I did to her .|Bushkill PD found the victim . She confirms it all . The mall pickup , the threat . Even says she scratched him . So he 's a rapist but not a killer . Great . So Brooklyn , Queens , the Bronx and Pennsylvania all clear their cases . And we 're back to square one . Not exactly . That retinal scan panned out . Our dead woman 's name is Marga Janssen . And the reason she had such low bone density , prolonged exposure to microgravity .
Bushkill PD found the victim . She confirms it all . The mall pickup , the threat . Even says she scratched him . So he 's a rapist but not a killer . Great . So Brooklyn , Queens , the Bronx and Pennsylvania all clear their cases . And we 're back to square one . Not exactly . That retinal scan panned out . Our dead woman 's name is Marga Janssen . And the reason she had such low bone density , prolonged exposure to microgravity .|Where did she get exposed to that ? In outer space . Ms. Janssen was an astronaut .
MARGE : Oh !|Come on . Just pick one .
Come on . Just pick one .|Oh . Fine , you can have your old one .
It is a pleasure , Olivia . The pleasure is mine . You 've been my partner for , what , 10 years , and you 've never once told me that you know an astronaut ? Like I need the competition . Well , looks like you 're doing just fine to me .|So , what brings you two out here ? Bad news . One of the crewmembers on the ISS was found dead yesterday , Marga Janssen . Oh , no . How did she ... She was murdered .
That you are a piece of shit .|You 're the kind of man who preys on children .
 How was work ? Miraculous . Mm ? Mothers are so awesome . Oh .|These are great seats . You can hear the players swear from up here . PLAYER : I 'll kick your ass , Milhouse . ANNOUNCER : And now , to take your minds off the massive concussion and subdural hematoma you just witnessed , please welcome the Springfield Atomettes . Now , for this routine , we need the help of a junior Atomette .
She said she 'd never take it off .|We heard you two argued at the hotel . No , not really . I argued . She just apologized .
And you took that away from her .|You took her away from me . You hear this bullshit ?
 : Aw , that 's sweet .|MOE : Read ' em and weep . The novels of Charlotte Bronte . CARL : Um , I thought we were playing cards .
She just left me there in the lobby .|Said she was going outside for a walk .
At midnight ?|That was Marga .
What are you sayin ' ?|Goddamn it . What the hell are you sayin ' ?
Goddamn it . What the hell are you sayin ' ?|Until two minutes ago , we thought you did it .
Ask Eddie .|He 'll tell you I was here . Yeah , he was here .
What have you done , Beau ?|I didn 't do nothin ' , Daddy .
Wow , I 've never burst through a banner before , but it really does the trick .|Homer , I know you 're here . Your car 's outside . Where is he ? I honestly don 't know . I 'm just teaching myself massage here with online videos and a store mannequin . Oh , I 'm so sorry . So , do you have any injuries I should know about ? Oh ! Hmm , if he 's not in there , where is he ? HOMER : Oh , baby . Oh , baby , shake it . Homer like .  Oh . Shake it . Now , roll over on your tummy , just like I taught you . Tell me what a cow says .
But you still got to fly in space . Olivia , you 're talking to the luckiest guy in the program . You know , I flew Skylab , ALT . I 'm tied for the most shuttle flights . But , you know , still , every time I look up at the night sky , I think what I really wanted to do back then was go to the moon . Colonel Finley is heading up NASA 's lunar return in 2018 . Yeah , and I would have been the youngest guy back in ' 74 . Now , I 'm the oldest . But , you know , as long as I get there , it 's all good .|So , how did you two meet , anyway ?
While you 're at it , how about a little boost for peanut vendors ? What do you think I 'm taking their raise out of ?|I wanted you all to be happy together , so I brought you to the zoo where all the animals live in harmony .
Colonel ... Dick went to the same high school I did out in Bayside .|I remember there was this huge picture of him , it 's still there , in the school trophy case .
What are they tellin ' you ?|What have you done ?
That 's enough !|The way you doted on him ! And you treated me like I was less . He never did nothin ' to you !
He was your brother .|And he was my only son ! Aah !
Whoa , little dude . Where did you learn that ?|This is what we 're fighting for , babe .
We done good , old man , didn 't we ?|Better take my coat . It 's cold out ...
Stay right there . We got matches and meth . Surprise of all surprises .|The kid 's a walking pharmacy . Hey , none of that belongs to me . Sure it doesn 't .
Children , you 're in for a treat . Today 's assembly is devoted To a special kind of history .|Living history .
The kid 's a walking pharmacy . Hey , none of that belongs to me . Sure it doesn 't .|Elliot ! Elliot !
End this madness ! We have two guests who have come from springfield ! We come from springfield ! Illinois ! 1858 . Please welcome , here to debate the important issues of the day , Stephen douglas and abraham lincoln ! I appear before you today for the purpose Of discussing the leading political topics Which now agitate the public mind .|Hit the dirt , squirt ! Well , it seems the , uh ... The good landowners Of springfield elementary are rejecting Mr. Douglas 's position on tariffs . Get a room ! I shared beds with men all the time .  : It was a common practice . Ooh , common practice .
Hit the dirt , squirt ! Well , it seems the , uh ... The good landowners Of springfield elementary are rejecting Mr. Douglas 's position on tariffs . Get a room ! I shared beds with men all the time .  : It was a common practice . Ooh , common practice .|Please , good people ! These are times of powerful passion .
Please , good people ! These are times of powerful passion .|Why are you concussing yourself ? Why are you concussing yourself ? Now , fellow countrymen , A house divided against itself ... Ow ! Guess what , I also play frankenstein !
I can hear you watching me .|Yoo , hoo ! Come in , Calcutta .
Douglas is getting away !|Skinner ! I have seven other principals , And I 've never yelled their names , not even once . You know what these kids lack ? Well , certainly not a caring superintendent .  : Well , I , uh ...
 no ! No , no , no , no !|Martin took my topic . What do I do ?
Full circle .|You know ... In the end , it 's always me and you .
Eu gostaria de um ... Hang on , hang on . ... Placa de ... Hang on , hang on .|Here you go , honey . How 'd you eat the meat without the vegetables ? Well , the stomach wants what it wants .
Where are you going ? To drink until there 's no pain left in my soul . But first I 'm gonna eat off someone else 's room service tray That was left in the hall .|Now that 's a broken man . Hmm .
You do know that I saw Marga the night that she was killed . You admit you were at the hotel ?|Well , of course .
Lady Caroline is barren . Is she ? Poor girl . Don 't pity her , it 's her own fault . The serpent feels no inclination to perform for her . She must not worship it as I do . It is such a fine , beautiful beast . I 'd like you to have my heir . Would you ? You could bear it and then we could send Caroline off into the country and pretend it was hers . I wonder what Lady Caroline would think to that . Who cares ?|Get out . I need to wash . This is your own doing , you know . Do you think I did this to myself ?
We talked . She signed my book . Look . I have it right here .|I have all the astronauts . I have many of the cosmonauts , too . Right here .
I have all the astronauts . I have many of the cosmonauts , too . Right here .|But Marga and I , well , we corresponded regularly . Well , I know that you wrote to her . Did she write you back ?
But Marga and I , well , we corresponded regularly . Well , I know that you wrote to her . Did she write you back ?|Well , no . No , of course not . No , no . She was very , very busy . She was always up there , doing very important work . Work that I obviously can 't talk to you about because you don 't have the proper clearances . No offense . None taken .
My agreement with your father was a verbal one . He didn 't specify a date for repayment . But your house is clearly failing , so I wish to withdraw my investment .|I ain 't got it . Your father knew it would take time . But I can offer you the oldest payments known to man : Payment in kind . I 've seen your girls . They 're not worth ten shillings . I don 't take kindly to that . If you cannot see my worth , clearly ... you have not come close enough .
No penalty . Fine .|Wow , the amazon is just like I pictured it After seeing all those pictures online . I 've never seen anything so beautiful .
Homer : Once intoxicated , we had a great idea . Hey ! Swings !| : I 'm a kid again !
How deliciously vulgar ! I swear she 'll flounder before the week is out .|The Spartans are preparing for their sacred games . They would like a sacrifice to augur their success . Spit it out . You want to spoil another virgin . Allow me my metaphors . Do they make your enterprise any less vile ? The terms will be the same . No . Your Spartans all have names . I want one , that 's my price . I have sworn an oath of secrecy . A pox on your oath , my neck is at stake ! Knowledge is security . One girl , one name .
The Spartans are preparing for their sacred games . They would like a sacrifice to augur their success . Spit it out . You want to spoil another virgin . Allow me my metaphors . Do they make your enterprise any less vile ? The terms will be the same . No . Your Spartans all have names . I want one , that 's my price . I have sworn an oath of secrecy . A pox on your oath , my neck is at stake ! Knowledge is security . One girl , one name .|This house and its vile harlots is an abomination . Have you no culls with you , Mr. North ? I 've got no standing around here . Margaret Wells ! Margaret Wells is an enemy of God ! Does that woman never rest ?
Why don 't you knock on the door ? We could do it in a bed for once .|Do you want it up an alley , in the dirt and the grease ?
Here .|Make yourself its mistress .
Take a firm hold and set the pace . Like on a horse . Start with a trot ... and build to a gallop . And the more aroused they believe you , the sooner the cannon will fire its balls .|I could bestride the world with such a serpent !
I don 't want to leave . Look , we appreciate your cooperation , Mr. Thibodaux , but we can handle it from here , so ... You don 't understand . Marga was my good friend . I can help you find the monster that did this . I 'll tell him to keep an eye on the folks at the Hall of Science for us . Okay . Hey , Anton , my friend , let me bend your ear down the hall for a sec , huh ? I know exactly how you can help us out . So , what 's next ?|Take another shot at Beckwith ? Hey , Olivia .
You killed my friend ! Gun !|Keep your head down ! Anton , what have you done ? I did it ! I got him ! Thibodaux , drop the gun ! Now ! Drop your weapon now !
Keep your head down ! Anton , what have you done ? I did it ! I got him ! Thibodaux , drop the gun ! Now ! Drop your weapon now !|Somebody call a bus . I 'm on it .
I don 't even know where to start on my report . I 'm gonna do mine tomorrow . I got to get my boy home . Go . I 'll walk you out .|You kept a bloodbath from getting a lot worse . I just saw the gun and reacted . We 'd all be lucky to react that fast . Look , I don 't know how the hell you guys do this . I got to get back to something safe , like flying rockets .
What 's this for ? Your betterment . I can 't see you anymore . I 'm sorry .|Margaret Wells ' mother let the evil one spill his seed into her womb .
Not so fast , Colonel . Autograph for a fan ?|You bet , John . Thank you .
Oh ! There 's my magazine . Why , look at this . " what every father should do for his daughter . " Oh , marge , if you want me to do something , just tell me . Don 't hide behind a magazine . Right . Right , right , right . According to judy kleinsmith , A professional freelance writer , Fathers should take their daughters out on little Dinner dates and treat them like a gentleman would . Then she 'll expect the same from the men in her future . Wait , let me get this straight : Sit and eat ? That 's my punishment ? It 's not a punishment . But you can 't just eat dinner . You have to be gentlemanly and attentive . Oh , I can fake attentive . I 've been watching a football game this whole discussion . Not fake attentive . Real attentive . Okay , okay . I 'll make it fun . I 'll take her to that crab place . All the crabs you could smash . You know lisa 's a vegetarian . She can smash a salad . No . Homer , you can 't just do the things you want to do . You have to act like someone you 'd want lisa to marry . If you just act like yourself , she might just ... Um ... Oh , you know ... Um ... She might marry someone like me ?|You think that would be bad . Homie , I love you . But you can be a challenge , Like doing the daily jumble . Marge , you are comparing me To the most infuriating thing in the newspaper ! Well , I was just trying to ... Oh ... I 'm sleeping on Flanders ' couch tonight . Ours is crap .
Very well . When Mr. Osborne arrives , you tell him so . But keep him happy , even if you have to service him yourself .|He won 't dare say a word , ha .
Uh , hello ? Oh , sure , lisa , uh , your dad 's right here .|Dad ? Did you just call ? Uh , yeah . Hey , listen , your mom thinks That maybe you and I Should have dinner together sometime . Just the two of us ? Ah , yeah , I knew you 'd think it 's dumb . I 'd love that . See you tonight .
Miss Wells , as dazzling as ever . May I present my sister , Lucy ? She 's new to society , so don 't startle her with any acts of depravity . You have my word as a gentleman . It 's not your word she must be wary of .|There 's our prize , Lord Fallon . If we get him , we get ' em all .
I would love to go .|Should I call Elliot and see if he can join us ? I think you and me can handle this .
Meet you at the hotel around 8 : 00 ?|Okay . Okay .
Be very careful .|Over here !
Do you believe in hell ?|Surely a world like this , awash in blood , deserves the name hell .
Not all of us have to pretend . I must decline your thrilling offer . You disappoint me . I 'd heard Lord Fallon was a man of discernment .|To Hades , and all who dare to travel there .
I love that sound !|You bastard ! Why do you think I knew you were coming ?
He even pulled some strings to get me into flight training , but I ... You chickened out ? No , it 's more like I saw what I already had . You know , your mom , Maureen on the way ...|I thought you guys got married after you got out of the Marines .
Hajime Saito of the Shogun 's Shinsengumi police .|A traitor ...
I thought you guys got married after you got out of the Marines .|Dude , you knocked up Mom ?
Thank you .|But be wary . There are snares all around for us harlots .
Haxby !|Where 's your master ? He has not yet come home . Perhaps he sought more congenial company . Dear . Spurned for another . How will I ease my poor heart ? I didn 't know you had such an organ in your body . I swear you 're missing an organ , too , Haxby .
What was your name in those days ?|Does your congregation know ?
Does your congregation know ?|Or your daughter ?
No ?|Very well .
I think that 's up to her to decide , don 't you ?|So , excuse me . I got to get dressed .
Kyoto is in chaos ! What do the Shogun 's police think they 're doing ? Indeed ! At least they shouldn 't be adding to the trouble ! Onward .|Who 's that ?
Tell me why you murdered her .|I never murdered anybody . No . No more lies . You owe me at least that much . I owe you something ?
Penny for a posy , my lady ?|Tell me , child , have you no family ?
My name is not one worth stating .|I walk the streets of Kyoto , dreaming of a new age when the Emperor reigns supreme . Bakkyusai the Killer .
Come on . Have a drink . Huh ?|What was it ?
I 'll be trained to be a lady 's maid ? You will . The house is owned by a most charitable Christian gentleman . We 've placed half a dozen girls in good households . I can hardly believe it . What did I do to deserve such good fortune ?|Thank you , madam .
It 's a perfect match to the one that you left on the model rocket .|The lab just confirmed it for me . It 's not the junkie 's . It 's yours .
Invigorate the Heart|Step in !
Step in !|Hit him first !
Get up .|I said get up .
We have returned . We 're back !|Hello . Sensei !
I said get up .|Come on , Elliot . Hey , it doesn 't have to go down this way .
I told you not to lie .|So , you are the ferryman who must be paid . No , Nancy . I am Hades , king of the underworld . And here 's my queen .
I was told there was a party . Take any girl you want . They 're on the house ! Take your pick . This way , you curs !|Margaret Wells openly taunts God ! Her house sits like a crusting scab over the suppurating boil of Hell . Thank you , Mrs. Scanwell . Thank you for showing those sinners where to come . Welcome ! Welcome , one and all . Welcome to my fiery hole .
And the skulls will have eyes and the eyes will have jewels . And there will be feasting in hell with roasted swans and pigs ' heads with apples dipped in virgin 's blood , and sinners will lick nectar from each other 's stomachs , and those of firm and manly impulse ... Welcome .|Welcome .
You 're Mr. Himura ?|What would you like ? I 'm Superintendent Kawaji . Someone wishes to talk with you . Would you come with me ? Hey ! We 're just getting ready for dinner here . Who sent you to come waltzing in here like this ?
Our visit won 't be long . Pandemonium !|Let the folderols begin !
If he goes , I come with him .|I don 't trust you guys in the new government .
Well done !|You 're like Persephone , aren 't you ? I don 't know , sir .
There 's a story about a feast in hell , where the forks are so long that people can 't reach their mouths , so all the diners starve to death . They don 't figure out that they can feed each other .|Sir .
They are here to see me , Ida . Detectives , you have more questions ?|Our green cards have expired . We were afraid we would be sent back to Gambia . We didn 't know what to do . Antonia just got sicker and sicker . So you lied about finding her in the cab to get rid of her . No ! We didn 't want her to die .
I 'll come straight to the point .|What is it ?
I guess a hug is out of the question . What did you get from the tip line ? Couple hundred people say that Hutton is the greatest doctor since Albert Schweitzer . Talk to anyone who 's not a member of the fan club ? One anonymous caller . Says that Hutton is treating a girl named Lisa Ross with HIV , but he 's not doing anything .|Can I help you ? Yeah , police . Lisa Ross live here ? She used to .
It 's the Emperor 's banner !|We 've won !
We 've won !|Ruthless ambition . A wish to rule for which he will trample over anyone .
There you are .|Trying to keep out of trouble .
I 've won !|Well done ! We won ! Thanks to you !
It was two months ago .|That 's just before she died .
Move aside .|I am not yours to command !
Mom ?|Tommy . Homework . Now .
We had to eliminate him .|You put down your sword , and his body was burned .
I 'll see you next week .|Namaste .
He 's taken in a bunch of bloodthirsty mercenaries and formed his own private army . He has one aim in mind , to overthrow the new government .|Wait a minute ! He hates the government for a reason . Why drag Kenshin into this ? He 's destroyed every force we 've sent against him !
Wait a minute ! He hates the government for a reason . Why drag Kenshin into this ? He 's destroyed every force we 've sent against him !|The only one we can turn to is you .
Leave me and Tommy alone .|If Hutton made a mistake , the M.E. Would have sent her case to you . Lisa 's body never made it to the M.E. Hutton signed the death certificate .
That 's crazy ! They want Kenshin to assassinate him ? It 's not my idea !|They want Kenshin to clean up the mess that they 've made ! Bastards !
For example , Megumi Takani 's acquittal on an opium charge . That 's bullshit ! If that 's how they 're pressuring him , they can hang me first ! Tell me about it !|I won 't let you go to Kyoto .
Yeah , I called your tip line . You didn 't know Lisa was dead . No .|But I 'm not surprised .
" If you 're thinking of sending Battosai Himura against me , " don 't waste your time .|" This land will be mine . "
There ! Now it 's clean . Is this the time for laundry ?|Tell them to take that job and shove it . You really hate the new government , don 't you ?
Their jeep flipped over . Ed was killed . Tommy was fine . But the blood transfusion that saved Susan 's life infected her .|And then she infected me . How are you doing ? I 'm on ARVs . My viral load is near zero , and I feel great . Did you tell the school ? Yeah , right away . And that 's why Susan got fired . And the administration decided to pay her seven figures so she wouldn 't sue . Why was she fired and not you ? Well , she thinks HIV is harmless . What if she cuts herself and one of her students gets exposed ? Hell , she doesn 't even take precautions with her own kids . What do you mean ? She breastfed Lisa for a year after she was born , because Dr. Hutton told her it was okay .
Adult movies of Blaine and you doing stuff .|I 'm going to say this once . When I met Blaine , he was this man who was brave enough to stand up to Mr. boss when no one else would .
Kenshin ?|I 'm going to Mr. Okubo 's now .
I 'm going to Mr. Okubo 's now .|Yahiko , will you hang these out ?
There are needle punctures to the chest and arms consistent with efforts to resuscitate . My client did everything he could to save Lisa . Everything but treat the time bomb he knew was ticking inside her . I have no idea what you are talking about , and neither do you . No . The only thing that we don 't know is whether Lisa was your first mistake . But you can bet your ass she 's your last . All organs are present and in their proper positions .|Both kidneys and liver appear enlarged .
An ulcerated lesion on the upper lip suggests a viral inclusion . Dr. Hutton said it was a canker sore . It would go away by itself . So you took her to see him before the day she died . Yes , when she first started coughing .|But he didn 't prescribe antibiotics until her last visit .
He 's chosen life as a wanderer who never kills .|He won 't leave you and go to Kyoto .
What did you come here for , ravi ? Did you come here to say you 're sorry ?|Or were you hoping maybe I 'd apologize to you ?
You 're arresting me ?|For murdering your daughter .
Let 's go .|Ichiro Shimada , samurai ! Tsurahide Cho , samurai ! Villains !
You 're supposed to be dead . And lo , the stone was rolled away from the tomb . Blaine , um ... This man is your father .|Well , I 'm starting to see the problem with the will . I 'm sorry . I thought you were abducted by the chaos killer . I was , but I escaped .
Well , I 'm starting to see the problem with the will . I 'm sorry . I thought you were abducted by the chaos killer . I was , but I escaped .|I 'm crafty .
And Dr. Hutton refused to treat it . Well , it 's nonsense . HIV couldn 't possibly cause AIDS , because HIV is a retrovirus .|Or , as we say , an RV . As in recreational vehicle ? Actually , they are similar . Hundreds of RVs carry passenger organisms through our bodies every day .
Harmlessly so . No RV has been proven to kill cells .|Then why did the medical examiner show us HIV doing exactly that ? Well , cartoons have always been used to spread propaganda . Propaganda ? That AIDS is this country 's biggest health threat and that we 're all at risk . Well , if that 's not true , then why scare us into thinking that we 're in danger ? Because fear motivates .
Then why did the medical examiner show us HIV doing exactly that ? Well , cartoons have always been used to spread propaganda . Propaganda ? That AIDS is this country 's biggest health threat and that we 're all at risk . Well , if that 's not true , then why scare us into thinking that we 're in danger ? Because fear motivates .|How else could government researchers get billions in funding to cure a disease that kills mostly drug addicts and gays ?
Who are they ?|Officers Shishio killed .
What is it we used to do together ? I know I 'd love to hear some stories , look at some photos . I can tell you a story right now if you 'd like .|You were 11 or so . Your mother and I were turning the house over looking for these earrings she loved . Then the phone rings . It 's a woman we don 't know . She 's very upset . She tells us that her son 's admitted that he sold my wife 's earrings in a pawn shop . You 'd stolen them and roped some teenage drug addict into selling them .
That 's what they called Jesus Christ .|Hope the jury doesn 't think he 's the Son of God . Jurors love conspiracy theories . I 'm afraid they might buy the garbage Dr. Strangelove 's selling . If we lose this case , it gives him credibility , and more people will die .
So precocious !|That was the day I admitted to myself that the sight of you made me sick .
You are our only hope .|Japan is about to lose its way .
It 's war .|See you in Kyoto .
Lilywhite , along with " right in front of you , " what 's another place that bad guys might be ? Right behind me , sir . That is correct . Now , what would be a good reminder ?|Five miles , white team . Do it ! Know what all those guys did before they were zombie mercenaries ? I don 't know , Justin . Play villains in ' 80s movies ? They were human mercenaries , and before that , they were army . The only thing that 's changed for them are the rations .
The Home Minister 's been assassinated !|Assassins Kill Home Minister Okubo !
Let me go . I am her doctor .|Somebody call an ambulance .
You 're in Mercy Hospital , Susan .|You collapsed .
Needs work .|And exhale .
What 's wrong with me ?|You have toxoplasmosis . It 's a brain disease that people with AIDS get .
Stay here .|Eat with us , practice with us , laugh with us .
Doctor ...|Dr. Hutton said I was grieving .
Dr. Hutton said I was grieving .|That it would pass . Susan , you knew you had HIV .
That it would pass . Susan , you knew you had HIV .|It was only a matter of time before you got sick . I needed to believe him .
He 's a seven and a half . Our witness said he was tall with dark hair anyway . I 'm sorry to disappoint . But my motto these days ? " You 've got to sell the past and buy the future . " Yet both are illusions . Like the fool , you stare at nothing .|So true . So the newspaper said Topher got clipped in his mindfulness studio . What angle do you suppose he was working ? Topher and Devon . Buddhists ? Please . I 'm sorry .
That I was going to be okay .|Well , Dr. Hutton was wrong .
Open wide .|So Mitch went to jail , and you and Topher struck it rich . What then ? I couldn 't understand why I wasn 't happy , so I spent my money . Hoping things , material possessions , hallucinogenics , would bring me peace . They didn 't . So after you spent all your money , Topher got you into all this ? The other way around . After I hit rock bottom , I discovered mindfulness . Topher saw how my life improved and it inspired him .
Why would he ...|Why would he lie to me ?
Why would he lie to me ?|Susan ...
Susan ...|Because if he admits the truth , then he has to take responsibility for what happened to your little girl .
And what 's happening to you .|It 's my fault Lisa 's dead .
Smarten up !|You shut up ! Damn it !
Hey ! Come back here !|This is bullshit !
Battosai Himura .|Word is there 's someone like him around here .
Where 's my mom ?|I 'm sorry , Tommy .
I 'm sorry , Tommy .|I 'm sorry , Mom .
She told me that Lisa wasn 't the only child you killed . The demented ramblings of a woman whose brain was Swiss cheese . They won 't be admissible . Yeah , but the records from the pharmacy in your building will be . We subpoenaed every one of your prescriptions filled at that drugstore . We built a list of your patients and found the grieving parents of two children with HIV you willfully misdiagnosed . Right now , we 're exhuming their bodies . Autopsies will prove they died of untreated HIV .|Three dead kids .
Three dead kids .|What do you want ? He pleads guilty to criminally negligent homicide . Surrenders his medical license and patient records . I recommend five years .
What do you want ? He pleads guilty to criminally negligent homicide . Surrenders his medical license and patient records . I recommend five years .|I 'm not going to make any deals . Take it , Gideon . It 's over .
I 'm not going to make any deals . Take it , Gideon . It 's over .|Okay , but you 're not going to silence me .
Tell me before you pass out .|Let me think ...
I will speak the truth from my prison cell , and people will listen .|Here 's another one . Janet Hooper , 45 , mother of three . Died of Burkitt 's lymphoma , which Hutton told her was caused by her exposure to toxins , not AIDS . How many are we up to ? Seven families we have to notify .
Odawara , on the Tokaido Highway|He 's got a sword ! They were banned years ago !
Tommy could have HIV .|We 've got to get a court order and have him tested . Get away from me ! Tommy , you 're just going to feel a pinch . You can 't do this to me ! The judge says we can . Tommy ? Get away from me !
" Atone " ? If you won 't take the serum , the first person to take that risk will be major , who , let 's be honest , is only a zombie because of you . That 's not who Blaine is anymore . You 're asking him to be the Guinea pig , so major doesn 't have to . She 's right . When I 'm dying , I 'm going to take the cure . Then , when my memories start fading , I 'm going to take the serum . See , ' cause I 'm going to want to remember my old life .|I understand why you may not .
Could I have my sword back ?|How ? It 's of no use to anyone but me . Yeah , sure !
Ms. Emmett said you can 't talk to me without her there . Good . I 'm not here to talk . Put your hands behind your back . Why are you arresting me ? Assaulting a police officer . You 're just doing this so you can make me have that test . Well , if you 're not going to help yourself , maybe a judge will .|Tommy , are you aware that most people believe that HIV causes AIDS ? Yeah . They taught us that in school . But your mother and Dr. Hutton taught you differently . Isn 't that true ? They said HIV doesn 't cause AIDS . And you believed them . Yes . Because your mother and doctor told you , or because you think it 's the truth ? After we discussed AIDS in health class , I talked to my mom about it . She explained why there was no proof for what they taught us , and it made sense .
Wait !|Please tell me why you want it .
Please tell me why you want it .|Excuse me .
I know .|Do it .
To pay for a journey . That is no reason to steal . Keep your advice !|Who 's there ?
The question before us today is when does the State have the right to force someone to receive medical care ?|Had this court known about your sister 's illness , I would have compelled her to be treated , because she was only four years old .
Help !|Help ! Help my brother !
Had this court known about your sister 's illness , I would have compelled her to be treated , because she was only four years old .|You , young man , are a different story .
I disagree with your choice .|But to take it away deprives you of your right to make decisions about your own health . I am , therefore , upholding the restraining order and ruling in favor of the defendant . Your Honor , we move the defendant be remanded without bail . What ? He assaulted a police officer , and he 's a known flight risk . This is vindictive . One moment , Your Honor . What are you doing ? Treating Tommy like the adult he wants to be . Look , his only crime was being born to the wrong mother . We 're not sending a kid to jail . You pressed the charges . Because I wanted to force Tommy to get tested . Look , we lost . It 's over . Just ... The case is done .
Pride . I 'm done with it . Look , it 's only been a liability . I was so excited that we were back together .|So was I.
A little .|Don 't you get it ? The one thing that 's stopping this from happening is you .
I hope you know what you 're doing .|Thanks .
Take care of him , will you ? Here 's water .|Brother !
I told you I 'd come by . Are you up for doing this ? Yeah .|Tommy , I 'd like for you to meet Kyle . Hey .
Brother !|Brother !
Skye ?|I hope not .
All I want is to get out of here . Tell me where the patriot is .|I don 't know . Did he come from your world , too ? We all did , you included . And the other subversive , Jemma Simmons ? She 's not a subversive . Where is she ? If I knew , I would tell you because if anyone could get you to wake up and realize that this nightmare isn 't real , it 's her .
Then I went blind . You couldn 't see ? No .|I asked my friend to take me to the hospital . And the doctors , they gave me chemo and radiation , and I already got my sight back .
The carrot or the stick ? When neither motivates the truth , we face unspeakable choices .|What happened to you , Fitz ?
Who are you ?|You want to die , too ?
I want to .|The test came back positive .
Why did you kill those two ?|Their son was going to tell the world about this village .
Not for long . Here . Let me get you a couple blankets .|Did you find Daisy ? No , just a bus full of dead bodies . Binary ones and zeroes can 't die , nor do they feel the cold . Maybe we keep that part between us . We 're wasting time . We should be focused on getting Daisy back and escaping this horrible place . Well , we can 't do that without mace 's help , and he 's already suspicious of you . I 'm going to tell him the truth . Not a good idea right now . Trust me . Mace is risking his life going on these pointless missions . So are you . They don 't matter in the real world . If you put it like that , " the real world , " he 'll never buy it ... The doctor , the creepy robots , the blue soap , none of it . He deserves to know . He doesn 't have fragments of memories to draw on . Neither does ward . They 're not like me . No , no one is , unfortunately , especially not ward . Okay , I got to ask ... What is it about that guy ? Every time I see him , I get this weird itch , like hives . Did we get along ?
As an example ?|Watch the boy .
Watch the boy .|Kill him !
Let 's bury them .|Wait !
In the ... in the real world , how well do we know each other ? Are we friends ?|More like coworkers . But I do think of you in a friendly way . Where am I from ? Excuse me ? In your world , where am I from ? I 'm not sure . The midwest ? Well , am I married ? Do I have kids ? Any siblings ? Hobbies ? Do I cook ? Where are you going with this ? You don 't know me at all .
You don 't think I want that ? She 'd be free by now if I 'd taken the shot on the doctor when I had the chance . There 's the Grant ward I remember .|How do you know what you believe is true ? How do you know it 's not the other way around , that you 're not the one waking up to reality ? Because it 's not possible . Where is your proof ? I don 't need proof . This can 't be real . How ? Because the man I love would never execute someone in cold blood . Fitz would never do that . He did . Ms. Simmons . I know you 've been through a lot . We all have . But what we do here matters , and you can never convince me otherwise .
Mom !|Mom ! Mom !
Mom ! Mom !|Mom !
Lies . That 's all she gave us .|Beaten to within an inch of her life . Nevertheless , she persisted .
Mom !|Dad ! Dad !
Beaten to within an inch of her life . Nevertheless , she persisted .|Let 's see if she 'll open up to me . You ? Why ?
Let 's see if she 'll open up to me . You ? Why ?|You and I have different methods . It 's why we work so well together . I 'll stay , then . Actually , I heard there was an issue with project looking glass . I 'd like you to check in with security , see what happened .
Very well done ! Taking all these men by yourself .|So the stories are true , Battosai Himura .
The subsequent world is simply a consequence of your actions , algorithms running their natural course , as Dr. Radcliffe always intended . This isn 't what I meant , you sadistic witch ! Guard !|Dr. Radcliffe is clearly still suffering the consequences of the errors he made . If I had my powers ...
Right here . See ? Sit .|Look at that .
At least say " mister , " even if you had the job first .|Why this village ?
Coulson , you got a second ?|Pulled this I.D. Off one of the bus crew . Should get you past the gate . Ward just had to swap the photo , change the name . Jamie flugelman ? Well , it 's the only one he could clear from hydra 's database , so mount up , flugelman .
I 'd like to meet the old man who gives his kid a pat on the back for doing something like that . Yeah , well , he 's not around anymore . But , you know , if he found out what Josh did ... Yeah , what did he do ? He raped my sister and got her pregnant . That 's why I cut his balls off .|Now , can I see my boy ? Not yet . First , we need to speak with your daughter . Tina ? Why ? Raped me ? No one raped me . Tina , I know how difficult this is to admit . You want to forget that it ever happened . Maybe you even blame yourself a little bit ... But I didn 't do anything . Neither did Josh . Tina , you need to go to a doctor . You need to be tested for STDs . These are diseases that may hurt you and your baby .
Flugelman ? It 's Canadian . I don 't have you on the entry logs . You coming from the triskelion ? Yeah , and I 'm new , actually . Just filling in for the other guy . how about that story on bakshi news the other day ? That inhuman they found with lion paws for hands ? So weird . Just the paws .|Finally . You 're all set .
May I ?|In that case , I don 't mind if I do .
In that case , I don 't mind if I do .|What 's that sword ?
And I saw Josh upstairs , coming out of his dad 's place .|I know Josh gets sick sometimes and wanders off . But he was better . Talking normal . He looked good .
And I always had a crush on him , from when I was little . You 're still little . And now , you 're knocked up by a nutcase ? Mrs. Bernardi , please .|Go on .
What are these ?|You know , disposal 's on the other side of the grounds . Disposal ? Ugly way of putting it .
We all did . We grew up together . Now , we 're going to have kids together . How sweet is that ? And the baby 's father ? This is about us . You 're in school . Catholic school . If they kick us out , we 'll get jobs . Our parents will totally help us . Right , Dad ?|Or I 'll go on welfare . What 's the big deal ? That Vice President lady 's daughter is going to have a baby . Yeah , why can 't we ? Josh suffered from schizophrenia . You 're not worried that your baby is going to be predisposed to it ? No way . What does " predisposed " mean ? Whose idea was this ? Fidelia 's . She got pregnant first . Said we all should . Yeah , it was my idea . It rocks , huh ? We 're totally going to be the hottest MILFs on the block . MILFs ? It means " mother I 'd like to ... " Oh , I know what it means . Want to see the stroller I picked out ? It 's so cute .
You know , disposal 's on the other side of the grounds . Disposal ? Ugly way of putting it .|Hydra really ought to have a little more respect for the dead .
It 's okay . I still love you .|It 's okay .
DNA warrant . Pull your pants up and get your ass down to the medical examiner 's office . You just got touched , my brother .|Mr. Vidal ? Thought you should know we just slapped a court order on the father of your upcoming grandchild . He 's gone for a paternity test . It 's about time . Well , your daughter will need to have an amniocentesis so we can make a match . Otherwise , you 'll have to wait until the baby is born . We have a doctor on call at Mercy Hospital . Let 's take her now . Angel , would you come out here , please ?
Most people would give their eye teeth to have a sword he made .|That 's good .
For what it 's worth , for whatever I did do , I 'm truly sorry .|Look at them .
No . No . No . Oh , my God .|Why would she do this ? Why would she do this ? It 's okay , Max . It 's okay . It 's all right .
Welcome back , sir ! Have you done what I wanted ?|We have all the weapons you asked for .
Ms. Vidal , we 're sorry about your loss .|I know why . I know why she did it .
She was crying . They wouldn 't leave her alone . Where 's the computer ? In the den , usually . We don 't let Fidelia have one in her room .|But last night me and Gordon , we were fighting and we were screaming and yelling and we were both drinking , and I told Fidelia to go to her room , and she took the laptop with her . Mrs. Vidal , we need to see it . Where is it ? Why didn 't I go help her ?
But last night me and Gordon , we were fighting and we were screaming and yelling and we were both drinking , and I told Fidelia to go to her room , and she took the laptop with her . Mrs. Vidal , we need to see it . Where is it ? Why didn 't I go help her ?|I heard her crying and I ... All I did was pour myself another drink and ... Okay . Why didn 't I help her ? I just had another drink . Why didn 't I help her ? Where 's the family computer ? Huh ? Inside .
Get out here , Bernardi . My daughter is dead because of her . Please . Everyone , calm down . This is crazy . My boy 's dead . The Vidal girl is dead . Do we really want more death ? We 're neighbors . NYPD . Clear the hall . Clear the hall now . Everybody . Get back . Open the door .|Mrs. Bernardi , this is Detective Stabler . Open up .
Figured you couldn 't beat them , so ... Join them ? Hyah !|You 're a terrorist , a thug . If I was , you 'd be dead right now .
" You 're a dumb whore . How dumb do you think that baby will be ? " And OMFG means ? " Oh , my blanking God . " So , that 's what a good person writes to a pregnant teenage girl ? I was mad about what she did to this family . She told my girl to get pregnant . Next line , please .|" Everyone hates you , so STFU . LOL . " And STFU means ? " Shut the blank up . " And LOL ? " Laughing out loud . "
You 're a terrorist , a thug . If I was , you 'd be dead right now .|This is agent may . The patriot is here , but he got away from me . I think the serum 's wearing off . My strength 's fading .
This is agent may . The patriot is here , but he got away from me . I think the serum 's wearing off . My strength 's fading .|Isn 't there a quinjet on site ?
I 'm not pretending .|It is my opinion as a doctor that while everyone might think Kenshin is invulnerable , I think he is a gifted athlete , but otherwise he 's no different from us .
Stay close , and try not to shoot me . Come on . Come on . Run for the fence just past those buildings . Don 't stop .|Trip . Antoine , what happened ? The ceiling 's caved in . They 're trapped inside . Need your help . Come on . Come on . Let 's go . We got to get you out . Let 's go . Let 's go .
Murder is a sin , Max . You know that . What ? No . Listen .|I loved Fidelia . Okay ? And she committed suicide . Did she ? Why would I kill her ?
I 'm going .|He 'll face more than just Shishio .
We don 't have time for this . We got to save that kid . Form a chain . Find something to prop up that beam . Either shoot us or help , but don 't just stand there . Snap out of it , may . You guys ... Better hurry .|Hang on , Chris . I got you . Come on .
But she gave it up to Dizzer .|She took her clothes off for Dizzer .
What ? Is it true ... That you 're an inhuman ?|Yeah . Powerful enough to bring this whole damn place down .
An elixir .|An old family recipe . Take it once a day .
But , you bring it .|It 's not my job to heal his wounds .
Just a hunch . This is Boonsboro Savings and Loan yesterday morning , just moments before the robbery kicks off . You know , legendary bank robber Ralphie " Slick " Sommers , he called this lull ... The calm before the storm . Can we just skip to the good part ? Patience , Nick . Okay ... Showtime .|He only wanted bills from the front of the drawer . He 's avoiding dye packs . He knows the system . He ever show his face ? Nope . But using the height of the counter , I was able to do a size comparison , and clocked our bank robber in at six foot , four inches tall . Well , that rules out Corporal Campbell . He 's not even six feet .
Can you zoom in on that ? You have a make and model ? I can 't zoom in , it 'll distort the pixelation even more . I 'm afraid this is as good as gets . It 's a Suzuki RM125 , 2002 , yellow , with a red racing stripe , and a custom exhaust . You got that from a blurry video ? There 's no way . How do you know so much about a bank robber 's dirt bike ? 'Cause that is not his dirt bike . It 's mine .|I didn 't know you were in a rap group , Torres . Make a dope album cover .
But God doesn 't answer me .|He says nothing .
He says nothing .|I 'm the one who kept my promise .
I 'm Misao Makimachi . I 'm not a villain . Trust me .|Come on !
Alec Bernardi , on the charge of murder in the second degree , you are sentenced to 15 years to life .|Ms. Bernardi , in light of the conviction of Max Matarazzo , this court dismisses all charges against you . You are free to go .
Ms. Bernardi , in light of the conviction of Max Matarazzo , this court dismisses all charges against you . You are free to go .|It 's all right . I told you I was innocent . There 's a big difference between charges dropped and innocent . I 'm sure your neighbors will explain it to you when you get home . They can go to hell . You , too . Just try and wash the blood off your hands before you hold Tina 's baby for the first time , okay ? You shut your freaking mouth . I 'll freaking kill you . Bailiff . Remove that woman ! I 'm a good mother . I 'm a good mother . Why are you doing this to me ? Get off of me . Tina . Come on . Let 's go . I 'm a good mother . You don 't even know me . What do you have against me ? You okay ?
And you think I 'm running it from in here . Well , that 's been done before . To be honest , by the time I got locked up , I didn 't have many friends left . A bunch of ' em got killed . Yeah , mostly by you .|Those sick rumors still floating around ? You can think what you want , but I 'm telling you the truth , straight up . I didn 't kill my homies . Sure you did , straight up . The names Colin Day , Jamel Jackson , Mickey Miller ring any bells ? They were just chess pieces you needed to sacrifice , right ? Colin and Jamel got rolled on by a couple of crosstown cowards , and Mickey got silly drunk , and drowned in a pool . Yeah , well , those are the stories . But we know the truth . You trying to bring more charges on me ? 'Cause I 'm up for parole in five years . Then I would start talking .
I 'm back ! Misao ! Come here ! I 'll take your things .|Don 't be shy .
Don 't be shy .|But ...
Thank you for seeing me , Director . Make it quick , Torres . I will . The Marine who was killed yesterday , seems like he was tied to a gang I worked on , five years ago , undercover . I should not be forced to sit on the sidelines . I took down their leader and gave a year of my life to do it . And you were paid for your time . You did your job then , do it now . Agent Gibbs made the personnel choice he felt best served our goal of solving this investigation .|And that 's me . I 'm wasted sitting on the bench .
Just kidding ! Hello .|You 're welcome here , Battosai Himura .
And now , they 're going to send me to a foster home .|I 'm not so sure about that .
Yes .|The Battosai Himura
I 'm not so sure about that .|Hi , Tina . Mr. Galli .
What about the other Kyle ?|Um ... about six months ago , he started to change . He 'd become obsessed with fantasy baseball , of all things .
You 've had a long journey . Thank you .|It 's been ten years since you were in Kyoto , Battosai .
Tell him , a baby shouldn 't be born surrounded by strangers .|A baby needs a home .
Gambling . Losing . Big time . He went into debt pretty bad . We were just ... fighting about it nonstop , and ... and then , suddenly , Kyle just started paying off his debt . Where 'd he get the money ? He wouldn 't tell me . Not at first , but I knew it had something to do with his new friends . New friends have a name ? Fools called themselves the Rosewood Boyz , that 's the only name that I ever knew . I confronted Kyle . He said he just needed to make a little bit more money and then he 'd make a clean break . I just ... I didn 't believe him . Why not ? He was still gambling . Then one day his friends gave him a second cell phone , to use only with them . Kyle said that they were paranoid about keeping their identities secret . So , when they called Kyle to meet , do you know where he 'd go ? He wouldn 't tell me . So , I ... um ... " Um , " what ? I put a GPS tracker on his car .|I thought that he was cheating on me . Hey , nobody 's judging you . I am . Well done . So , did you find out where he was going ? Miller 's Motocross . It 's a pretty popular track .
You know , I wasn 't sure what I was expecting , but it definitely wasn 't this . Wow . Welcome to motocross , McGee ! This is fun stuff . This is not fun , this is every mother 's worst nightmare .|Them . Over there . You sure ?
Them . Over there . You sure ?|He 's sure .
Nice run . Looking a little choppy before you hit the triple . Yeah , I spun out on a dime . I thought for sure we were gonna end up stacking bodies . Yeah , me too . You really need a guardrail , something padded . And there 's only one thing that I dislike more than catching a bad batch and losing my wheels ... Being hassled by cops .|Ask you a few questions about the death of Corporal Kyle Campbell ?
The victim is a white female , late teens . Took one to the head , and that 's just for starters . Deep lacerations to the neck and genital area . Could be sexual sadism , or some kind of ritual . So , the guy gets his jollies slicing her up , then when he gets bored , he caps her ? You think that 's perverse , I found saliva near the slash wounds . The perp licked her ? Yeah . Sent the sicko 's spit to the lab . Okay . We got a name ? Uh , there 's no ID . Got this cell phone . Nothing but blocked and private calls . It 's a proof sheet .|So , we 've got a model or an actress here ? Oh , God . Look at this .
When all of you brought down the Shogun , this became my living .|But there were those among the Shogun 's servants for whom the transition was not so easy .
That 's good . Okay .|7 : 00 a. m . Don 't these ladies ever sleep ? Probably more than you . Probably get more , too . Somebody cooking bacon ? I smell a pig . Maybe you need your nose adjusted . All right . You know her ? I hope you 're not trying to set me up with her . I 'm in a committed relationship with two strippers . She was found murdered down the street . Execution style , half a block away . We figured a mob scumbag like yourself would know something about it . You figured wrong . Think harder . Your VIP stamp was on her hand . Gentlemen , as hard as I try to know every pretty girl that comes in here , I haven 't seen her . But Oscar probably has . He 's my wrangler . He keeps your club packed with hotties . Where 's Casanova now ? Probably waking up and getting ready to hit Boutique Row . That 's his happy hunting ground . Thanks .
Where does she live ? Nasty Flats . Crash pad for models in Midtown .|Each key opens the door to an apartment filled with beautiful girls . How you like me now ? Even less than before . Oscar , baby . Did you bring me any ? Cierre su boca , Regina . I meant liquor . That is why we love Oscar . Because he gets us into all the best clubs and he gets us free drinks . Yeah , we love Oscar , too . Who decorated this place , a tornado ? Okay . It 's hard to keep it clean with so many girls coming and going . All right . When 's the last time Natalie came and went ? I don 't know . A couple of days ago . Hey , if you see her , tell her I want that 50 bucks she owes me . You 'll be waiting on that a while . She 's dead .
Smile .|Thanks . Onward and upward , boys . Let 's go .
Thanks . Onward and upward , boys . Let 's go .|Boss , how 'd you even know that was the Rosewood Boyz ? The bike tipped me off . How 'd you know which bike ? The one with the big rose painted on the side .
Hello ?|Guess they didn 't want to talk . You know , as long as your cell phone stays on , we can track them .
Even though the new government had offered him a post , Aoshi still tried to save his men from death at the Shogun 's hands .|Captain !
First time I saw her was like a second ago . Oh , really ? Where ?|There she is .
So the victors write the history ?|And we 're flung into the dark ? Ryujo ! Shoot them !
There she is .|Dead girl walking ?
What you spinning out here , man ? Potter 's wheel . Artista top . Helps me forget what I 've become . And what 's that ? A rat . The kind of rat can 't make peace with what I did , what I did ... for you . Well , I guess it 's a bad time to ask you for a favor .|So you got jokes ? Not jokes , man . The Rosewoods are running again . I have a dead Marine . We have a suspect , but it 's thin . I was hoping you could help us with some Intel .
Are you gonna help me out or what ? Lucky I 'm a better friend to you than you ever were to me .|Alonzo , he 's been ... he 's been keeping a secret for a long time . Come on . Come on .
One million dollars , payable to " Me . " Natalie had one just like it . We were going to cash them when we made it big .|Do you mind me asking how you got that ?
They 're dead . They ? Yeah , it looks like Alonzo had a secret .|Double tap . Rosewood Boyz . Question is , which one ? Why ?
And Miss Misao ?|She doesn 't know the demon he 's become .
She still pines for him .|I understand .
However , I have come to Kyoto to put an end to Shishio .|I see .
I knew there had to be a reason .|The Hidden Watchers network of informants remains in place .
Everybody know , what do Gots got ? Gots Money !|Yo , yo . Now , how about Natalie Bleers ? You gots her ?
Yo , yo . Now , how about Natalie Bleers ? You gots her ?|I got a girl for every day of the week , and that seems to be my freaky Friday bitch . Last night was Friday . So , that sucks for you . What happened ? A nut from your nine cap her in the head ? I ain 't killed nobody , and I ain 't got no nine . And besides that , that girl done seen more nuts than a can of Planters , so ... That 's right ! I had to kick that crazy bitch to the curb . It was too much drama for a " hit it and quit it " brother such as myself . Too much drama for you ? Stabler . And you 're living out a movie right here , with all your Pacino posters and this bling .
And here I was worried you were gonna try something stupid .|Hey , Royce .
You 're out of moves , Royce .|Turn around .
Turn around .|Royce ... please turn around .
Son of a bitch . You 're under arrest .|Rocco 's my pet . He never hurt anybody . A turtle 's a pet . A damn cat , maybe . Okay . Here 's how it went down . Your tiger killed Natalie .
Why would he even think that I would give him 200 K without even listening to the audio file first ?|So , Abby said she was sure , right ? I mean , she scanned through the whole entire file and said I was good to go ? No . Not Abby . Me .
Hold on a second . Let me get something out of my desk .|Who was Natalie working with ? I don 't know . Look , pal . We got you with a tiger and your girlfriend dead from a tiger attack . Jury calls that guilty . Money , you know how to play Getting the Dice ? No . Here 's how it goes . Your cellie rolls the dice . Nine . That 's how many days you get to play his girlfriend . But I tell you what . You introduce me to Natalie 's friends in the smuggling world , and I 'll give you a break . You don 't get it . These guys are psycho . The guy in charge most of all .
Hey , Bushido , this is Mike Kanicki , U.S. Customs Agent that I told you about from JFK . I don 't return your messages , so you just bring him to my warehouse ? No , no . I pushed him . I pushed him . I 'm Mike .|Look , the deal is , I 've been smuggling ecstasy for the past couple of years , and I 'm just , you know , looking to make my next move .
I don 't get it .|I mean , I saw her two days before , and she told me she never felt better . Yeah , well , I guess , " never better " means something different to everybody , doesn 't it ?
So ?|Where 's Battosai now ?
Parmelee was a mistake . That building was supposed to be empty . See ? That wasn 't so hard . First step in coming to Jesus is to admit that you done wrong .|It 's clean .
Hi .|Beautiful day , isn 't it ?
Beautiful day , isn 't it ?|Well , well , well , well . Lookie here .
So you 're going ?|Without killing anymore , I will try to preserve those who seek to bring about a new age .
So long , Gots . It 's Bushido .|He wants me to meet him in an hour .
I just can 't figure it . I mean , going on a run for flour and for water . We do without plenty up on that mountain , but the Farrells , they ain 't ever lacked for food . What do you think happened ?|I don 't know .
Then you 'll know what you 're saying is nonsense .|The blade 's on the back ? If your head 's still full of that nonsense when it breaks , come back to Kyoto and find me again .
Eat .|Enjoy .
Enjoy .|We say , " Priyatnovo apetita . "
One thing 's for sure .|We brought hellfire down on ourselves this time .
For a murderer , you know a lot about who they are and what they 're doing , don 't you ?|The coal company is threatening to take me to the FBI unless I came up here and I get information about your people . But I 'm not gonna do that because I want to take them down just as bad as you do . So that was your plan the whole time . Get us to help you and then leave us to suffer for it ? I need your help , yeah . But it 's them that 's gonna suffer .
Could you please make me a sword ?|My father would often say how his swords would create a new age .
Windmills for sale !|Windmills ! Come and get one !
Don 't talk to us like we 're buddies . Okay . Okay .|How stupid is your government ? They trust people like you to work Customs , but they pay you like you 're cleaning toilets .
Look !|Windmills ! Windmills for sale !
So , you pay me better .|First , we check you out . Then , we talk money .
This dynamite ... I know you think it foolish , but it has to be done .|And I come to ask your blessing on it . What for ?
What 's this ? What 's this up here ? Subdural hematoma just above the occipital ridge . It 's a , it 's a bump on the back of the head .|Some swelling , a small laceration , half inch . How long that 'd happen before she died ? I 'd say a few minutes before the actual time of death , that 's my estimate .
A few minutes ? I mean , how 'd she manage that ? Well , she hung herself in the shower , Wade . It 's a tight space . She would 've convulsed . You know , muscle activity can last as long as eight minutes , sometimes more .|It 's consistent with the manner of death .
I 'd bet on the other fella .|There 's houndsbane in it . Won 't kill them , will it ? No , just knock ' em out . All right . Let 's go .
There 's houndsbane in it . Won 't kill them , will it ? No , just knock ' em out . All right . Let 's go .|Okay , there they are .
Come on now ! Don 't cry !|I 'll shut you up soon enough .
Now , when those cameras go down , they 're gonna come running .|Sure you still got the eyes for this , old man ? You just watch me .
Mike ! Come on , Mike ! Let us in ! That 's them . That 's them . Okay . Let us in ! Here . Take this . Take this . I know you 're in there ! Mike ?|Hey ...
Come out right now . Hands over your head . Move .|Hands where I can see them now ! All right !
All right , don 't shoot ! I 'm coming out !|All right , I 'm coming out . Don 't shoot ! Okay , okay . Okay , look , you got to help me , please . On your knees , right there . Okay , okay , okay , okay .
Give back the child .|Why ?
But I fixed it .|Trust me now ?
Ladies and gentlemen , we are proud to present to you tonight our challenger . He 's the hillbilly hero , Hasil Farrell !|Hasil , baby .
And his opponent , all the way from the streets of Accra , Ghana , Francois " The Hyena " . Achebe !|Are you ready ? Are you ready ? Let 's do this !
Are you ready ? Are you ready ? Let 's do this !|Come on , Hasil , block , block , block , block !
You 're pissing me off !|I killed many to bring about a new age .
Come on , get in there and fight ! Let 's go !|Come on , get up ! Come on , Hasil !
So , what happens with Bushido and Tybor ? We 're about to pay them a visit .|Police ! We have a warrant !
Left clear !|Right clear !
Hey , what 's wrong ?|In the cage ... when I was laying there ... the whole world was spinning around me , and ... that 's when I saw my kin .
Liv , guy in the green jumpsuit . Kobe from Jakarta . Monkey 's in the basketball .|Okay . I 'm on it .
It 's my father 's last sword ! Use it !|So there was one !
You now own one of only 17 gibbons left in the world . Soon to be 16 . Police ! Don 't move ! Get on the ground !|I got Bushido ! I got Tybor ! Please run . Please .
I 'm gonna get ready for bed .|See you soon .
We 'll have a real fight . Let 's see who wins .|Well ? You 're Battosai the Killer , aren 't you ?
Thank you . Let 's go .|Feeling better ? You 're a dead man , Mike ! Dead ! Nowhere you can hide ! I 'll find you ! Yeah , yeah , yeah . Yeah , yeah . I 'll kill you ! You already killed me once . You 're a dead man , Mike ! Dead !
My sword 's out . Where 's yours ?|Fine ! If you 've forgotten how good killing feels .
All right . Are we clear on the setup ? Blasting caps go in the sticks . Wire connects the caps to the electronic detonator box . Yeah , we got it . All right , then . I 'm gonna head back down . Still don 't like it , him runnin ' off , leavin ' us with the bag . Should I have killed those guards ?|Would that have earned your trust ?
Our people been dying for this mountain before you were a twinkle in your daddy 's eye .|Don 't you ever forget that .
You know , you 're really good .|Iori !
Iori !|Iori !
Soyo .|So you weren 't doing anything ?
Man , you just put a knife right in the Farrells ' backs , didn 't you ? How does a bleeding heart like you live with something like that ?|Because I don 't give a shit about the Farrells . That 's why . Or any of us .
Bike courier ? ... Wow . Isn 't that a tough job ? Miss Sakai . Miss Eriko Sakai . Here .|Enter that room , please .
TOKYO MARIGOLDS|Eriko , how are you ? Oh , hi .
Here .|Oh , this ... you know , the TV is broken . Must I pay the viewers ' fee ?
I failed .|And I know that now . But I learned something since then . I learned the true reason that I was brought back up here .
Mr. Sasai brought some sweets . Let 's have green tea .|I 'm accepted .
'Cause you ain 't equal to that Oak .|Not in these times .
" True ? "|The sword he made for the gods out of remorse , mixed with a tiny bit of hope .
The sword he made for the gods out of remorse , mixed with a tiny bit of hope .|When you dedicate a sword to the gods , you forge two .
Koike , why don 't you go there yourself ?|Do you have the key ?
The other one is the " shadow . " You let someone else have that .|So ...
Good .|Tell her ..
Hmmm ... An office clerk .|There 's nothing wrong with that , right ?
There 's nothing wrong with that , right ?|Long time , no see .
There was a time when you wanted this so badly that it broke us up .|I would never let that happen again . I know , I know .
Didn 't you like baseball ?|I 'm making commercials now . Call you tonight .
Such fine weather everyday .|To be the weak .
To be the weak .|Damn you .
Damn you .|The weak ?
I greet the Ten Swords !|Hoji ! Take charge .
Hoji ! Take charge .|Tomorrow , at one minute to midnight , we make Kyoto an inferno !
You 're Cho the Sword Hunter , one of Shishio 's Ten Swords . Are you not ?|So what 's the big deal ?
We 're going for a test .|Sakai , listen . You start with ready and a clank .
Speaking of someone who 's been through an engagement you two are gonna be fine . You know what , I don 't feel fine . I feel like I need to throw up . And then this board game .. This is too much .|Aria .. He tried to talk to Nicole on the plane but he couldn 't . Are you afraid he hasn 't told her about the book . I 'm afraid that he hasn 't told her about us . Well , did Ezra say he wanted to postpone the wedding ?
She 's a friend of Miyashita over there . It 's the test .|We 're going for a test .
Athletic supervisor . That 's new . Did they invent that job just for Paige ?|I don 't think so .
Remember what I said the other night ? I support you , whatever you decide .|Look , it 's late .
Shishio is plotting something for the night of the waning moon .|Sniff the wind .
Please go ahead and pass .|Sakai , the ball . Which position ?
Are you ready ? The take . We 're going for the take . Ready ? The take .|Ready ... Action .
Why ? Because this is a 45 , and you were shot with a 22 . I saw the bullet they took out of your shoulder . Are you saying that there were two people who were shooting at me ? No , I 'm saying there were two guns . One of which is still missing .|Just like Jenna Marshall and Mary Drake .
It was pretty good . Another take . It felt right . Another take . Please stand by . Another take , please . It 's the take . Ready ... Action .|Okay , cut . That was good . Yes , it was .
Stay in your homes !|Martial Law is declared for all of Kyoto !
Kenshin !|We 'll fight , too .
Director , please .|We 're pulling out .
I 'll see this through to the end . Me , too . You can see what I 've learned .|Let 's go .
Let 's go .|Don 't try too much .
Unison Japan ? It 's the hottest company now .|Eriko , you don 't know ?
This is Eriko . She 's coming with us . Rei . Hi . This is Mai , but we all call her Kan . Hi . Hi . The other one 's phoning now .|They asked me to get beauties disregarding company or type of job .
Alison 's husband wasn 't a real doctor . Turns out that he was a crook , and he took all of her money . Noel Kahn kidnapped Hanna . She got away , and Noel Kahn is now dead . Jenna Marshall shot me , probably . Toby and Yvonne were in a car crash . Do you want a glass of wine ?|I wanna know how you are .
A fencing instructor won 't help .|Come and fight with us .
Let 's begin with toast . Are you ready ? Cheers . Cheers .|Thank you for coming tonight . I am Isojima , the organizer . From tomorrow , it will be December . This means Christmas is coming . And so is the season for new romances . Are you nervous ? That 's what I think ... Since you 've all gathered here I hope to see the birth of new couples tonight . I look forward to it .
I hadn 't said five words to her since Jason was born . And there she was like any neighbor come to borrow a lawnmower or a husband .|And she started telling me that she had a sister a twin sister , a sister I 'd never heard of . And that 's because she , the sister had problems .. Emotional problems . She was in Radley . I didn 't know why Jessica was telling me all this . I didn 't care how many unstable relatives she had . And then she told me that Mary was pregnant . And I got this terrible cold feeling in my stomach . She told me that it , it happened before , but this time they knew who the father was .
And she started telling me that she had a sister a twin sister , a sister I 'd never heard of . And that 's because she , the sister had problems .. Emotional problems . She was in Radley . I didn 't know why Jessica was telling me all this . I didn 't care how many unstable relatives she had . And then she told me that Mary was pregnant . And I got this terrible cold feeling in my stomach . She told me that it , it happened before , but this time they knew who the father was .|Because Mary told them . Apparently , your father was in a restaurant when Jessica walked in or who he thought was Jessica .
Yes ?|Remember my souvenir .
I will .|Set them off .
If we could only die here she said Clinging on with tears Kind words I said to ease her heart And set out on my wanderlust|You burn me up ... . Get ! Your skin cold to the touch Frenzy my heart Lure me You are my girl
Five minutes .|You were in this world five minutes before I first held you . And I 've been holding on to you ever since .
On your honor as police officers , stop them in their tracks !|All right !
All right !|Burn the place !
Let 's do it . Where 's Tamura ? Tamura ? In the men 's room . Men 's room ? Yes . There 's no time to get him . Never mind . All right .|Takagi , we 're leaving . Ready ? 1 ... 2 ... 3 . One more . One more . Shibuya .
I have to go . Me , too . I have to .|I 'll go pay , so wait for me .
Yeah , but you 're not my mother . I am your mother . You know that . I don 't know anything !|Everything that I thought I knew , everything it just came from the big bag of lies ! Honey , Mary Drake will never bother you again . I will make sure of that . Your father and I ... Please just stop .
Fire !|Men ! Charge !
Mr. Tamura . Mr. Tamura .|Mr. Tamura ... It 's time to go .
How about we take a five minute break , I think ? Sure , if Paige thinks she needs a break I understand her feeling a little overwhelmed . Stop it !|Okay , um , let 's shelve this discussion and move on to the bake sale .
Mr. Tamura , we 're leaving .|I hear you ... The party seems to be over .
I hear you ... The party seems to be over .|Inokashira Park ?
Inokashira Park ?|And you ? I 'm going home .
I , I talked to Marco . He told me what happened . Are you , are you alright ? Yeah . I 'm , I 'm okay .|Maybe this is finally over .
She still believes you 're the man you always were . That is of no concern .|He is a valued guest here at the Aoiya .
Sorry about it . Bye . Bye . Thank you . Bye , bye . Thanks for inviting me . See you around .|Inokashira Park ... That means going to Shibuya by subway and change .
Yeah , maybe .|Toby , how is Yvonne ?
Calm your heart .|The Shogunate lives !
Burn !|No ! No !
The wind clock|I breathe , where am I ? I cannot see it in my hand
Painful is the thorn Which opened my eyes|Phantoms are all in the tears
I talked to Ali . I thought you would .|And I think you can expect an apology from her . I don 't need it , and I don 't want it . I want to explain what 's been going on . Emily , don 't . Don 't make excuses for her , it 's demeaning .
Ali did terrible things , okay , but she 's been through so much . She 's not the same person she was . Who is she now ? The kidnapped girl who never got kidnapped ? The struggling teacher with a sister in a mental hospital ? The poor wife abandoned by her conman husband ? You ever noticed how she 's always the victim ? Always the one who needs to be rescued ?|I don 't know anyone who doesn 't need a little rescue .
All has crumbled|The mechanical knife , too , is painful
Thank you .|You said you 'd tell me today ... about the game .
Misao !|What ? It 's Elder and Aoshi !
You good ?|I did it , if that 's what you mean .
I did it , if that 's what you mean .|Sadie , we got to get out of here . Now !
The forever , white sky Is not visible to my eyes|Only the voice of the curdling blood Mold the forms of words
Where are we at with St. Margaret 's ? We 're still waiting on the surgery slot . It 's a whole new world .|Who is that ?
This is Detective Clea Annou . She 's the one who found Phan . We 're arranging for a surgeon . A surgeon ? What for ? You don 't know ? The court clerk just said that a minor was in police custody .|Maybe we should talk in my office . Wait a minute , this chip is in her head ? The MRI shows it was implanted in her brain . My God . Why ?
Himura ! You again ? Something 's wrong here . Yes . Where 's Shishio and his Ten Swords ? Why are you two looking so down ? It 's all been too easy .|If he meant to burn Kyoto , he 'd be here to see it himself .
Who are you ?|You mean Shishio 's got something else up his sleeve ?
Which way was Tsukudajima ? Tsukudajima is ... that way .|I loved that grandpa .
Just maybe ...|I 'm going to bombard Tokyo and destroy the country !
I 'm going to bombard Tokyo and destroy the country !|His real aim is Tokyo !
Where are you ?|Where are you , Battosai ?
Most men my age have girlfriends .|That 's true .
That 's true .|You have a girlfriend . I shouldn 't have asked you on a date .
Ethan ...|Thank you .
Stop !|Well done !
What would you call it ? The government forcing a citizen to do its work ? Under the All Writs Act ... Of 1789 ... signed by George Washington , clearly gives the court the power to issue such an order . Really ? Ask the lawyers at the Justice Department who tried to force Tim Cook of Apple to create a backdoor . The Supreme Court never rendered an opinion in that case . Although this is all very interesting , the All Writs Act is a federal statute , and as such , it delineates the reach of federal law . There is no statute giving State government that power . And there is no State statute denying it .|You both make very compelling arguments . And I certainly find myself in sympathy with your cause , Counselor .
Have no fear ! I will ... Stop talking like a damn samurai !|I want to see that killing spirit of yours . It 's me you want . Let her go .
Fucking jelly bullshit .|Come on !
I 'll burn her ! No ! It hurts when you burn . So much you want to die . No . Yes ! It 's that rage I want to see !|You want to kill me , right ? Try it . Shut up . No ! Don 't let him tempt you ! Curse yourself , curse the gods . Curse Buddha , hate the times , hate everything . No ! Now you 're looking good .
But we went out again .|Our friends say we 're inseparable .
Shishio !|Kenshin !
The bath 's ready .|There 's miso soup in the pan . Turned out really good today . If you like , heat it and have some . I will . Thanks . Eriko , are there any florescent lamps in stock ? One lamp is flickering . Florescent lamp ?
So , Kal . Where you from ? Someplace I 'm trying to forget me too .|What is that ? It 's a birthmark . Ooh , it 's pretty big for a birthmark . Don 't touch . Ow ! That hurt ! Jerk .
I can 't stop hearing the thump of her body hitting the grill . You barely knocked her off her bike . She 's fine . You don 't know that . How do you know that ?|What if I killed her ? What if she 's dead ? If she were dead , she would be on the local news .
It is so strange .|While I 'm touching the clay like this
It must be tough to do both drama and his job well .|Which drama company does Koike belong to ?
Do not be patronizing .|We 're sitting on 500 K.
What are we gonna do ? There really isn 't anything . Yeah . You get in the truck . I 'm gonna get my coat .|Where are you going ? I 'm going to get him . He knows what red Kryptonite does . He can take that ring off anytime . Martha , I don 't know that . Jonathan , the phone calls . They 're the first step . I can 't just sit around in this farmhouse and do nothing anymore . Well , even if you find him , how exactly do you plan on bringing him home ? It 's been three months . We 've been searching all that time . We filed a missing person 's report , we have done everything we can Martha The fact is Clark doesn 't want to be found .
Hey . Hey . Hey . It 's me . Mr. Wakamatsu . Oh ... my ... Oh ... my ...|I am alive . I am now alive .
This way .|Slept with women .
We could be gone already .|We 've discussed this .
Hey . I haven 't seen you in like a week . I was wondering if we still lived under the same roof I 'm swamped here . Your dad said you spent the entire afternoon at the Daily Planet . Yeah , as far as my editor 's concerned picking up his dry cleaning is more of a priority than meeting face to face with the junior columnist|I thought maybe we could have lunch .
How much is it worth to you to traumatize a little girl ?|Because I can 't do this anymore .
Thanks . I 'm going with the Kents .|Have you heard from Clark ? I was thinking of staying in Metropolis with Nell for a few days . I feel guilty I haven 't spent more time searching for him .
Kobaken 's performance was so funny . So funny . It sure was . Since he was a students , he was so good mimicking a robot .|Didn 't think I 'd see you again .
How brave I was .|That little girl is going to be fine .
Sure .|Whatever you say .
That 's a hell of a scar . How 'd you get it ?|My dad 's a real bastard .
My dad 's a real bastard .|What do you want ?
You , too . Gee , thanks . You fall asleep , too .|Pop .
Pop . Pop .|Oh , so sorry .
I 'll be right there .|Do you two ever shut up ?
Do you two ever shut up ?|Ethan fucking Kelly . Never thought I 'd be pleased to see you .
Ethan fucking Kelly . Never thought I 'd be pleased to see you .|Detective Finnegan . Thanks , boys .
She 's coming after you . You know that , right ?|You 're talking about Mia ?
Well , I would think you could afford better help .|That 's why we 're talking .
Like you don 't know .|I don 't know .
Mr. Luthor ?|Mr. Luthor ?
They 're cute .|Lick them and they 'll be gone .
Whoa , easy there , Lex . Where am I ? Same place you 've been the last three months . Paradise .|You had another fever dream . Malaria 's still got you .
That 's not my style .|No .
No , I don 't mean that .|Let me see ...
Mayumi .|Mayumi Enjoji .
What ?|For a year until she comes back by my boyfriend .
Your washings piled up . I 'll make you super delicious fried oysters .|These oysters from Akkeshi , Hokkaido are creamy and perfect for fried oysters .
She 's great . I 'm going to get the paperwork started and then we can get her home by this afternoon . Yay ! Okay . You stay here . I 'll be right back .|So ...
Used to be mine . Her name is Rosie .|Her ear 's torn .
Who else knows I 'm here ? No one . Your secret 's safe with me , but we need to talk|I 'm busy . Well , I 'm coming in . Now what 's your deal ? You come to Metropolis and you 're a completely different person . Maybe it 's the real me . Well , if it is then I definitely prefer the country Clark .
It 's so poetic . Yes .|That 's why ...
Bye .|Thank you so much for everything . It 's what we do . But it 's nice to be appreciated .
That 's great . That 's just great ! You 're wasting your time ! They 're never gonna see it . Son of a bitch . I need to get off this island !|You know in your heart this is where you belong . Now you can rage against it but ultimately you 'll have to accept it .
You know in your heart this is where you belong . Now you can rage against it but ultimately you 'll have to accept it .|You stay away from me , you freak .
He 's No.1 and Rose is 2nd ?|Yes . That 's right . At this rate , he 'll hit . 400 .
Did you talk to her ? Was Ethan there ? No . No .|Alice is fine , by the way . Yeah , of course she 's fine . If I wanted her dead , she 'd be dead .
It 's sad .|Since when have our lives been fair anyway , huh ? You remember the day we found out we couldn 't have children ?
Why don 't we talk about trust ?|I was locked up for 16 months . You disappeared .
Best part , the whole thing was your idea . Would you be happier if we were both behind bars ?|" Hack into the NSA , Sadie . Get me behind their firewall , Sadie . "
I wonder why .|Say ... Can I ask you a question ? Sure .
When I first saw you , I thought you were my type .|And ... . And what ?
We were partners from the start .|When that cop with sweaty pits and cigar breath was questioning me for 13 hours , where were you , partner ?
How are you doing ? I haven 't heard from you recently . We rented that apartment , but you won 't see me .|It 'll be late , but let 's meet tonight .
Lana , you can 't save someone who doesn 't want to be saved .|I love him .
When that cop with sweaty pits and cigar breath was questioning me for 13 hours , where were you , partner ?|I just wondered ...
Would you have given them my name then ?|What do you say , partner ?
Hello ? Hello . Oh , Eriko . You 're still alive ? Don 't tell my phone number to everybody . You 're alive . You 're alive . What are you saying ? Are you talking about Miyashita ? Why can 't I tell him you number ? I don 't tell just anybody .|He 's a fine boy , isn 't he ? Come on . Please .
" Gegs " ? Gegs . Been stuck on it for 20 minutes .|Scrambled eggs .
Son of a bitch .|You did the blood work for the girls , right ? Yep . And you found significant levels of lithium carbonate ? I did .
He was always criticizing me never thinking I was good enough .|And it just kept chipping away chipping away till there was nothing left .
You did the blood work for the girls , right ? Yep . And you found significant levels of lithium carbonate ? I did .|That 's the same stuff that forms on the anodes of batteries , right ?
That 's the same stuff that forms on the anodes of batteries , right ?|What ? I minored in chemistry . Not a lot of people know that .
No , Louis You 're a psychopath .|Well ... there 's one in all of us .
I see .|Where to ?
Los Angeles ... U.S.A.|It 's near San Francisco .
Clark . Clark ! I have been worried about you for three months and you 've been hanging around in nightclubs ? You 're so cute when you 're angry|Lana , if you keep talking about Hicksville , you 're gonna be on the next bus going back . Now I thought you were here to have some fun . What 's up , Kal ? Hey , what 's up .
Can 't live ... I can 't stay alive ... I can 't ... I can 't live ... I 'm puzzled .|I can 't live ... I can 't live without you .
Like this , he says ' Eat it . ' For me ? Because I love you . Huh ? I think it 's nice . You like tangerines , don 't you ?|So I say thank you to him . But as I get the tangerines every day I don 't know whether I look forward to the tangerines or Takagi talking to me .
Hello ? Mr. Kent , I found Clark Lana , where are you ? A nightclub in Metropolis called Atlantis . He 's acting really strange|Lana , listen to me . Clark is not himself right now I want you to be very careful . Now I 'm on my way down there , but if he wants to leave , I don 't want you to try and stop him . Okay . Who you talking to ?
Who 's this ?|Clark , it 's me
What if he 's not around in the office ? Then , I 'll be saying ' Where 's the tangerine ? ' Or ' Where 's Takagi today ? " I get confused .|And I can 't help being conscious of which to think .
Will you like Takagi , then ?|I don 't know . That sounds pretty fishy . The tangerine ... Oh , I know .
I don 't know . That sounds pretty fishy . The tangerine ... Oh , I know .|Hmmm . Then , Takagi will start wondering whether I like him or tangerines . He 'll want to know which and will set out to find out . And next time , he 'll bring a banana . Will he ? Yes , he will .
My calendar just opened up .|This is an account in the Grand Cayman .
Hmmm . Then , Takagi will start wondering whether I like him or tangerines . He 'll want to know which and will set out to find out . And next time , he 'll bring a banana . Will he ? Yes , he will .|The problem is what to do , when he does .
I missed you .|And it was quite a big deal , so they gave me a special bonus . You 're kidding ? How much ? What ?
And it was quite a big deal , so they gave me a special bonus . You 're kidding ? How much ? What ?|How much ? Secret . Let me see . If you are sincere , your clients will understand . And we can do business .
Now , just so we 're clear , I 'm going to keep going down the line until one of you tells me what I want to know .|And when I get what I want to know , you all get to go home . We good ?
I haven 't told you where you 're going yet .|LuthorCorp Plaza .
I don 't know any of you , I don 't know about any pool boy .|What about you two ? Either of you ready to talk ? Fuck off . I want to talk to your superior . My superior . That 's a good one . Where 's the fucking money ?
What about you two ? Either of you ready to talk ? Fuck off . I want to talk to your superior . My superior . That 's a good one . Where 's the fucking money ?|Listen , fuck nuts , if you 're going to shoot me , just shoot me .
No . It 'll be my pleasure|Lex
Don 't put the okra in mine .|Why not ? They 're delicious . That slimy texture ...
But I 'm a fucking cop . I 'm an integral part of this operation .|And I have the connects . I do the bidding , you rub me out , you 'd be dead by breakfast .
Where 's the money ?|Wow .
I know every inch of this island .|Where are you going ?
You can 't kill me !|Hey , Mon .
Of course not . No way we can . What 's he thinking of ?|If I can sell that bronze ... Nah , it won 't happen .
I had to kill him !|Kill who ?
Seems you 're having a rough time recently .|I 'm eating .
Him !|There ain 't nobody there , mon .
We believe Detective Oaks was pinned down by gunfire , fought valiantly , and took out Rojas and Torres .|But unfortunately , Detective Oaks lost his life in the line of duty . Son of a bitch dies a hero .
Oh , hi . Is my sister ... ? She 's in Nagoya .|So today 's the opening . Here . Steamed pork dumplings . Oh , thank you . Should have called .
These islands can mess with your head , play tricks , mon .|You 're lucky my captain saw your fire .
We 've kept you around for a reason , Kelly .|Oaks dropped the fucking ball . Make sure you don 't .
Thank you .|They 're Composite annuals .
St. Margaret 's called . Surgery slot 's opened up . Thought I 'd go by , pick her up myself . Okay .|Clea ?
You 'll bring him home ? If you want him , you must retrieve him yourself .|I can 't . He 's too powerful . Are you willing to sacrifice anything to get him back ? Yes !
Fuck . Call it in .|Request backup and a bus . Officer down at 695 Hill Street .
Shit .|She 's gone .
Listen carefully , Eriko .|Seeing itself is an act of violence .
Seeing itself is an act of violence .|For example , if you listen to the words of a homeless with your eyes closed they may have different meanings .
You need to put all this behind you , son . Come on home to the people who love you .|You should 've stayed in Smallville .
I block the landmark with my back If we 're alive , we can some day meet|We may also meet In our dreams
You don 't realize how dangerous you are when you 're wearing that ring .|It 's not the ring . I was born that way . You just can 't accept it .
Go on .|Do it . If I could raise a son that could kill , then kill !
So be my boyfriend for a year until she returns .|I have news from Enchi ...
What was your excuse ?|Lex ?
Lex ?|Son .
Son .|Disappointed I 'm not basking in the fires of hell ? Lex ... put the gun down . Sorry I screwed up your plan .
Your existence has grown to be so big inside me .|I don 't know what to do . I 'm truly surprised .
Five , four , three , two ...|Whoa ! Hey . Sorry , man . What the hell is this ? The concierge told me about this spot . Really , it 's a coincidence .
Whoa ! Hey . Sorry , man . What the hell is this ? The concierge told me about this spot . Really , it 's a coincidence .|I don 't believe in coincidence . If that 's true , how did the marijuana found in Jesse 's car match the same weed found on Joey ?
I heard y 'all opened up a case for Joey , too . Yeah . Yeah , you know anything about that ?|I know nobody expected y 'all to be here this long .
Morning . Morning . How was your run ? Beck seemed genuinely surprised about the matching strains of weed . You buying it ? Actually , yeah , he covered . Question is , what is he hiding ? You find anything ? Maybe . I was going through some of Breeland 's reports and I found a pattern . Here he 's listed as the arresting officer . Then in parentheses on the line below is the name A.D. Koppell . The name is listed on a few reports like that . What do we know about him ? There 's no record of an Officer Koppell of any rank in Gate Station or surrounding counties . Sheriff 's dispatch acted like they never heard of him or her . Well , the department knows we opened a case on Joey . Pretty damn sure they 're not going to help us out with this investigation . This came in about an hour or so ago . Who 's this ? Forensic artist sat with Cory . This is Joey 's shooter .|Lieutenant , can I get a word ? Sure .
Nothing ever changes , Lionel . Not even when you dress it up in a designer suit or a penthouse office . Yeah , it 's sad the same thing can 't be said about friendship .|I kind of suspected you had an inside contact , but I gotta hand it to you . Very creative .
Oh , well .|All right , all right , let me guess , let me guess . The idea was to steal the vial and sell it back to me ... at a healthy markup , right ? What are you gonna do , have me charged with breaking and entering ? Why settle for breaking and entering ? I can have you put away for good .
Please ... Please ... Part with Mayumi .|Please . Won 't you ?
Please . Won 't you ?|Part with Mayumi .
I 'm sorry ... for the way I acted in Metropolis . I really messed things up .|I keep telling myself that it wasn 't you . But ... then I think back on all the things that have happened , and I realize ... that I don 't know who you really are .
Miyashita .|I waited so long for you .
Your phone was switched off .|This is the video of that commercial .
Do you believe our boys are up there watching all this ?|That was rough , I know . But we 're national now . This kind of coverage will create so much pressure , soon enough they 'll have to make an arrest . You don 't have to do any of this . Pastor , we speak for our sons . Not you , not your church . Alicia ... I am sorry . Truly , I never meant to speak for your son .
Don 't worry .|I doubt this snow will lie .
That 's the part I can 't figure out , because , Clark ... the only thing that keeps hurting me is you .|After everything you said before you left ... did you even miss me ?
After everything you said before you left ... did you even miss me ?|I missed you every second .
August 31 . Two days after Joey was murdered .|Is this a good time ? If by a good time you mean the worst time , then yes . You reached out to me . Sorry , I ... we 're getting it from all ends . Our donors are freaking out from the town hall backlash , and having Pastor Janae criticize our prison jobs agenda on national TV isn 't helping .
But I can 't keep doing this to you .|Then don 't .
And then there 's you . You 're working two cases now . I 'm impressed . But ... No " but " ... I just want to make sure that the case that brought you here remains a priority . " You " want to make sure ? The governor wants to make sure .|And why is the Carr case a priority ? You , you know what I mean . Actually , no , I don 't . That 's why I asked .
Can we start over ?|Hey . Just proofed it . Want me to send it out ? No . Nothing goes out without my approval .
Hey . Just proofed it . Want me to send it out ? No . Nothing goes out without my approval .|Did you include the request from the governor ... ?
Lex . Oh , thank God ! Trust me , I 've done that already . He seems to be the only one on my side lately .|But the rescue , it was called off . How ... ? Small fishing boat spotted the smoke from my fire . I never gave up hoping .
Oh , Tamura ? I haven 't seen him at all . I wonder how he is .|Didn 't you think he was a bit thick ? He certainly was .
The plane was going down , and I panicked .|You always think that you 're gonna be brave in a situation like that ... but when it really happens , I guess , your survival instincts kick in . Survival of the fittest .
What 's your involvement with the police department ? My involvement ?|I 'm sorry , am I being investigated for something ? What does A.D. Koppell stand for ?
It was nice seeing you .|Huh ? Where was the station ?
You don 't believe me ? I know you worked for my father .|After I gave you the blood back and apologized ... you turned around and sold it to him . Your father said if I gave him the blood , he 'd leave us alone forever . He 's playing us against each other .
Yeah , I 've seen him around . He used to work the neighborhood . Was he there when Joey was killed ? Told you , I didn 't see the cops ' faces . People are saying you 're the wrong kind of witness . Are they right ? Now , what the hell you mean by that ? He told you what he knows .|And you stand by this rendering of the shooter ? Yeah . I mean , it was dark , like I say . And that was a month ago . And I barely remember you . You don 't forget the face of a man who murdered a boy crying for his mother .
Tetsuya nagata .|A police lieutenant .
But would I have done anything different ? Hell no .|And the air has been so thick in this town that ...
Am I too early for the farm auction ?|Lex ?
Three months on a deserted island was almost worth it ... to see the look on your face right now .|Oh , man !
And I didn 't even have to ask .|Come on , Ma , this is important . What you working on ? Short story I got to read in front of the whole class tomorrow . The teacher was cool with me writing about Emmett Till , even though none of the kids ever heard of him . Don 't go doubting yourself . You 'll be teaching them something .
It 's good to see you .|What happened ? Something I didn 't know I was capable of .
It 's ironic . In the most remote solitude , I still manage to find an enemy .|I suppose I was just hallucinating from malaria . But the enemy I found was real .
Good luck to you .|What do you got ? I dug through the reports and found another I.D. Turns out this guy Christopher McFarland is not only an auxiliary deputy for the Sheriff 's Department , he 's also one of Governor Eamons ' top donors . 60 years old , fits Cory 's description of the shooter , and he owns this whole damn building .
I need to head back to D.C. Personal matter .|Carroll said he 'd give me the time off , if you 're down .
I 'd rather share it with someone .|I thought we can give the honeymoon a second try .
Give me your gun .|Now !
The tours . You think the pressure got to him ?|Knowing his own people were being hunted ?
This whole thing about the tours . I can 't wrap my head around it . Wish I could say I was surprised . How could you not be ? People think that we 're inherently good , because it makes them feel like there 's a reason for all this , but when you do what I do , you realize that people got it wrong . We 're born bad . We 're just taught to be good . You don 't believe that . What about your daughter ? Kai ?|She 's my heartbeat .
Is this the girl you told us about ?|Yes .
We need people who are willing to drink poison in this world .|Thanks .
If I didn 't know any better , I 'd think the blood was liquid gold .|I can 't imagine what the real source would be worth to you .
I can 't imagine what the real source would be worth to you .|Unfortunately , the source is a mystery to me . My contact turned out to be , let 's say , uncooperative .
Thanks .|That 's my rei .
What if I were to tell you that this is not the sample I stole ?|I got this straight from the source .
Yeah .|Yes , sir .
Do you know where the Kents are ?|Move it !
Lana .|Please leave her out of this .
To a second chance .|You 're not drinking ? Well , I sort of lost my taste for champagne .
You 're not drinking ? Well , I sort of lost my taste for champagne .|Did you sleep well last night ?
Did you sleep well last night ?|The first good night 's sleep I 've had since the accident . I 'm glad . Because it is our honeymoon , and I 'd hate for you to doze off .
The first good night 's sleep I 've had since the accident . I 'm glad . Because it is our honeymoon , and I 'd hate for you to doze off .|You never know . You might wake up to find me gone .
Who is behind this ?|Huh ?
Who is pulling the strings ?|Excuse me , but why is a detective treating me like this ?
" Trayvon wasn 't sure the sadness would ever leave , " " and he asked me about justice . " " So I told him what God told me : . "|" Those who have harmed you will answer for their sins in the afterlife . "
" Suddenly , there 's a knock " " on the door of the Heavenly home I share " " with Trayvon Martin and a new face enters , " " one unfamiliar to the both of us . " " ' Who are you ? ' Trayvon asks . "|" The boy answers , " " ' Joey . Joey Campbell . ' "
Is this a proper method of interrogation ?|Hey , hey . Stop it .
Hey , hey . Stop it .|Stop it now .
I can 't tell you , Paige , how much I 've been looking forward to this day . I have heard so much about you for so long .|Where did you meet my parents ? Here , in Washington , a long time ago .
You had my father 's pilot killed and snuck your own on board . You had the pilot touch down on a small island and drop you off .|You paid him a prearranged sum to take the plane up again with me still inside .
You know what the most twisted part of all this is ?|Is the reason you didn 't get a bullet in your head that day ... was because I really did fall in love with you .
Dieting isn 't like you .|Hi !
Poor Helen . Should we be sending out a search party for her ? I have someone on it .|But if Helen survived , I doubt anyone will find her until she wants them to .
Did you ever live with anyone ? Why are you asking me that ? Um , because there 's not many extra bowls .|Are you planning to move to Topeka ? No . What ... what ... what if I did ? Probably this would end .
You know , Lex , I never imagined that you would fall in love with Helen . I 'm sorry it happened , son , but don 't be too hard on yourself .|You know the sick thing ?
You know the sick thing ?|Of all people , I knew you 'd understand . I do . Survival is what matters in life . I know that now .
She 's a detective for the metropolitan police department .|I am rei .
I am rei .|And this is ... i am takako .
Get in !|You 're my first passengers , feel honored !
Are you planning to move to Topeka ? No . What ... what ... what if I did ? Probably this would end .|Why ? Because I just ... I just want to be together like two normal people right now . Yeah . Yeah , me , too .
My son become man in Soviet union . What will he do ? Well , he can make something of his life here . But a boy needs his mother to become man . And if she is dead or in prison , she is no help to him .|Do you see my problem ? We wouldn 't need much from you .
Hey . Hey .|Are you gonna miss Gabriel ?
It won 't seem right calling any other place home . It 's not the place that makes the home , Dad . Does that mean you 're coming with us ? I 've kind of closed the door on my time in Metropolis .|I called the police and told them where the money is that I stole .
God , i love this car ! Be careful . Wuss , don 't worry .|Do you even know the traffic laws ? Yeah .
You can 't run away from the problem when the real problem is in your blood .|Hey . Clark , don 't be so hard on yourself .
Do you even know the traffic laws ? Yeah .|If i were a traffic officer , you would 've been fined .
Uh ... but ... comfort me , please ?|Slowpoke !
I 'm not worried about that , Mr. Kent . If it 's not too presumptuous ...|I hope you 'll just consider me part of the family .
Hi , Lana .|Glad your parents are getting a second chance .
They 're fishing .|Yeah .
I told him I can 't do that because of an active operation . I briefed him on what you 're running with aderholt .|How 'd he take that ? Not great . But I don 't think our tass contact would do so well if you disappeared on her all of a sudden . And the deputy a.G. Is gonna back me up on that .
We are not like that .|Really ?
I 'm glad you came over . It 's been a rough day . Do you maybe wanna go see a movie tomorrow ? I can 't . No , sure . Why even ask my girlfriend if she wants to hang out ? What about Saturday ?|I have to talk to you .
I was pretty wild until not so long ago .|But then i got arrested and met mr . Oda and i woke up .
Yes , I was .|Lana , I chose to let that part of me out , and it 's always gonna be there .
Lana , I chose to let that part of me out , and it 's always gonna be there .|Trust me , you don 't want to know me the way you think you do .
Trust me , you don 't want to know me the way you think you do .|Clark , that 's my decision to make .
But then i got arrested and met mr . Oda and i woke up .|Since then , i 've lived on an honest life .
I didn 't think he was like that . You didn 't buy his act , anyway . No , but there was something about him that ... I thought that maybe ...|You liked him . No , I didn 't like him .
I wanted this so much . All last year , I tried so hard to be the right guy for you .|But I 'm not .
But I 'm not .|This will never work .
Oh , good . I can 't wait for the eclipse to be over . Why ? A total solar eclipse only comes to Avalor once every 200 to 300 years . We 're lucky we get to see it . Not if Orizaba shows up . Who exactly is Orizaba ? Long ago , there was a moth fairy named Orizaba . She lived in the shadows until , one day , she tried to bring eternal darkness to Avalor . A Maruvian wizard stopped her and sent her to the spirit world . But it is said she found a way to return to Avalor every solar eclipse so she can fulfill her dark plans .|Armando , you are the best storyteller in all of Avalor .
You can torture me .|Hey , stop it !
Come on . Let 's get dressed for the festival , Isabel . Armando . It 's just a story . We 'll be fine .|Okay . Now all I need is the royal scepter .
Here , i don 't want your money .|Jun ... you are sick .
Jun ... you are sick .|I 'm leaving .
It 's a murder .|She knocked him down first and then ran him over .
Zuzo ! Zuzo ! Hey , Princess . Whoa ! You must 've had some fiesta . I didn 't have a party . It was my scepter . Oh , sure , blame the equipment . Zuzo , a beam of light shot out of the scepter , and blasted the footstool . Oh . I didn 't know it could do that . Neither did I. That 's why I called you . All right , zuzo is on the job . Now , tell me exactly what happened . Okay . I picked up the scepter , and it glowed , like it does every time I pick it up , which is weird , by the way , 'cause it never did that when my father was king . And then , I tripped on the footstool and , bam ! Hm . That 's it ? You didn 't leave any tiny little itty bitty detail out ? Well , when I tripped on the stool , I said " blazes . "|Drop it , and step away from the scepter .
Can you imagine ? They 'll plant this back home and make better food out of it .|I feel like one of the guys in the posters .
Perfect . You wouldn 't believe the instructions I have for this thing . I have to tend it like a baby .|I 've been thinking about Paige . You did well . She doesn 't think the world owes her happiness , which is no small accomplishment growing up in this country . Sometimes I think that we 've put too much on her . No . She has a big heart . She 's not a quitter . She 'll find her way .
May i tell you the day 's schedule ? Yes .|We would like to discuss the upcoming regular meeting with the mesena .
We would like to discuss the upcoming regular meeting with the mesena .|And , the general manager said he would like to meet you this morning ... too early .
My friend Ginny and I were driving to acadia national park in Maine . She 's a hiker . We stopped in bloomington , Indiana , 'cause Ginny went to school at the u of I. And it was real hot , so we went skinny dipping in the rooftop quarry . And it was right there . It was right there where they shot that . You know , there ain 't many places that can hide all four of us . You know what I 'd like to be ? Smart .|What are you doing ? What 's going on ?
Yes , so i already changed it to this afternoon .|You will be at the studio by noon , so i 'll have your lunch arranged .
Forget about that part . Anyway , then he told me the bad news is his boss ... My boss 's boss ... Is so pissed , he wants me fired . Well , can he do that ? Just because you did that ? He can pretty much do what he wants . But not yet . Turns out , there 's this other thing that I 'm involved with , and my boss kind of used my involvement with that to keep me on . For now . Or maybe longer , I don 't know . Well , good , right ? Yeah .|Thanks .
I can 't believe it .|Headquarters says it was a traffic accident .
Tell him I said goodbye .|Scoot over .
Elena !|My wing ! Oh , it 's just a scratch . But that sure isn 't . Thank you , dearie .
This is unbelievable !|We have no choice .
Scoot over .|Paige , I know how you feel . Like you 're different from everyone else , right ?
Somebody so big that even the law enforcement is threatened ... even so , it 's still none of my business .|Oh , come on .
I 'm sorry you 're leaving . Really . That 's good of you to say . We 've had our ups and downs .|I 'm glad it 's all ending on this ... You know , something good .
There she is ! Bring her down , men .|No , no , no . That any way to treat your guest of honor ?
I thought it was a black corvette ?|Hello .
Let the eternal evening begin ! Friends of darkness , we no longer have to live our lives hiding in the shadows . Come out , wherever you are .|Let 's make ourselves at home .
Well , it was bad . It was worse than you could imagine . People were shot , worked to death in the camps . Some were counterrevolutionaries . But some ...|Some hadn 't done anything .
Hey , what 's up ?|What are you doing now ?
What are you doing now ?|Uh ... i 've been investigating that case , but something 's strange .
Everybody in the office is acting weird .|Anything special ?
Glow .|What are you doing ? Glow !
What are you doing ? Glow !|No !
My boss asked me strange questions ... i 'm just thinking too much .|Why do you care ?
You can help me if you are worried .|Do you have time right now ?
Kathryn nemec , your references are outstanding . Fluent in Italian , French , German and Russian . Most of your charges appear to have been in various diplomatic corps . I enjoy travel . You attended medical school at Northwestern , yet you decided not to continue . May I ask why ? Human anatomy was my Waterloo . The cadavers ... Yes , gruesome . No . I found them compelling . Much more interesting than our living patients . I decided it would be healthier to reorient my efforts from the end of life to its beginning . Thus a master 's degree in child development . There 's no vocation more critical than raising a child . It 's my belief one can 't be overqualified . This job will not be without its challenges . I have no interest in abdicating my role as a mother . While I am in this house , I will be responsible for tending to masha 's needs . You and masha will join me whenever you can , but there will be times I need to be unencumbered . So , my primary duty will be to care for the child ? When I 'm gone , yes . And while you 're here ?|You will have one job , and that is to discreetly observe our interactions . During my absences , I will expect you to provide a continuity of care . The way I dress her , hold her , change her , bathe her . You will be what I am to her .
Thank you , sir .|Sorry to bother you . No problem .
Elena , quick , get in the coach . No , no . Move the coach . Oh , glorious shade .|Orizaba 's getting away . Elena !
You are safe . You are loved .|You are wise .
Not much . Take masha , for instance . We have a pact , she and I. Every time she takes a bottle from me or falls asleep in my arms , she 's telling me that she trusts me completely .|That is a profound gift . I would do anything to protect your baby .
That is a profound gift . I would do anything to protect your baby .|The forecast , which remains cold this morning , warming up a bit this afternoon with a few sunny breaks and diminishing wind . Today 's high near 33 degrees . Clear tonight , with the temperature dropping to a low of 19 .
Hello , it 's muto .|Oh , how are you ?
There should be only one .|My dog doesn 't move unless she hears my whistle .
My dog doesn 't move unless she hears my whistle .|I trained her well .
That 's enough .|You 're dismissed .
Okay , sure , lady . Thanks .|Sweet ride .
The reason for this is , of course , our Faction System . Erudite , Dauntless , Amity , Candor , Abnegation . In dividing people according to personality and aptitude , we 've created a society in which each faction plays a critical role in maintaining the social order . But this harmony we 've achieved is now under attack from a small but extremely dangerous group of individuals . We call them Divergents .|They are , in essence , the worst of what humanity used to be . Rebellious , defiant and uncontrollable .
Five days ago , a rogue group of Divergents , posing as Dauntless brutally invaded Abnegation . An obvious attempt to cripple the Faction System by attacking it 's most vulnerable members .|These Divergents despise our system because they are incapable of conforming to it . These latest rumors , for example , that I was somehow behind the attack on Abnegation ? Nothing more than Divergent propaganda .
I bought a car , so i have to work harder .|So , what 's going on ? I will take a break soon . Nothing special , i was just in the neighborhood .
I am devoting myself to bringing these fugitives to justice .|I 've exercised my right as acting Council leader ... to declare martial law until I 'm confident that any threat to our security has been eliminated . Tell Jeanine we got it .
I have to deliver this first , then ... i 'll come back later .|Really ?
We are all that is left of humanity . The vast wall that encloses this city may protect us from our toxic surroundings , but it is up to us to confront any element that could poison us from within .|Because , when you are civilization 's last hope , peace is not merely an ideal . It is an obligation .
Because , when you are civilization 's last hope , peace is not merely an ideal . It is an obligation .|And it is up to all of us to take a stand against it 's one true enemy , Divergents .
I 'm being transferred .|I have to go to hokkaido tomorrow .
We need to make sure it 's clear .|Tris !
Help us . Please help us . Please .|Please help us . You have to help us . Sorry , you have to leave .
What you saw last night ...|You might see other things , too . I told you , I have a pact with your daughter .
I will do everything in my power to keep her safe .|And her mother .
Have you seen my boyfriend ? He went for smokes last night . He didn 't come back . Maybe he ran out on you . No , he left his car . Did he leave his keys ? Yes . Maybe he left them for you . No . He 's a total dick . He would never leave me his car .|Christ , what the hell is he up to ? Now I gotta go find him . You do that , dearie .
What do you think ?|I don 't think so .
She killed him . She killed him . She killed him . She killed him .|Father .
Married . Is it serious ? Yes .|It 's frivolous , exciting , dangerous .
And three ! Higher !|Hey . Higher ! Higher ! Wanna go higher ? All right , everyone , back to class . Let 's go . Okay . Here we go . See ya . Bye .
Hey . Higher ! Higher ! Wanna go higher ? All right , everyone , back to class . Let 's go . Okay . Here we go . See ya . Bye .|I just wanted to do something different .
Welcome .|Sorry i 'm late . You sure are ... about that case , take a look ... well ?
Yeah .|Well , it 's definitely different .
What , he stole masha to hurt you ?|No , that 's not it .
Is she ? I don 't know , Kate . I never found out . I didn 't want to . It didn 't matter . I was never going to end up with Raymond . Did you give the police his name ? Never . It would put masha in danger , even more danger . I know where he 's taking her . Home to America . I 'm going to have to go find her on my own .|Not on your own .
In English , please . Go fish . I asked you if you had kings and you said no ! You little sneak ! No !|Do you love me , nyanya ?
We 're good .|You and me .
Yes . I miss mama . Me , too . She is working very hard to find us a new place to live . And then we 'll all be together again .|Where are you ? I don 't know , a pay phone . You need to come back for your daughter . It 's been over a week . I can 't . The kgb uncovered my affair with Raymond , which means us intelligence knows as well . Both sides are tracking me down .
Good morning , and have a blessed day .|Time for chores .
Yup .|I 'm sorry about last time , i said too much .
All planters , report to the dome . All planters to the dome .|How much longer do we have to stay here for ? Until we know it 's safe to leave .
What ? What about masha ? Masha 's still with Sam and he 's ... Please . Listen , I can go there . I can take care of her . I ... No . She won 't be safe with you , you know that . You ... you have to disappear yourself , Kate . There 's nothing more you can do , for me or for masha .|I 'm begging you , Kate . Walk away .
You know how much I love her .|I do .
You 'll walk away , then ?|Yes .
You okay ?|Yeah .
But if you kill an officer , you know what 's going to happen to you , right ?|Yeah ?
Go with happiness .|Go with happiness .
Go with happiness .|Go with happiness . Thank you .
He was so young ... but why ?|From the fifth floor ?
Kate .|You wanna dance , Kate ?
You wanna dance , Kate ?|What ?
We 've got to avenge mr . Oda .|How can i let it go ?
Then we can make a move . We need to kill Jeanine .|I know .
Before me .|Take those off .
But we 're not ready yet .|Beatrice , you 're not being serious , right ?
Promise me you 'll think about a change of venue , for me .|For you .
Okay .|Everett oldfield .
I 'm not gonna stop until she 's dead . Tris , you can 't just go around killing people . No , she 's right . Listen to your sister .|Tris , I think you should go to Erudite and kill Jeanine yourself .
Tris , I think you should go to Erudite and kill Jeanine yourself .|I 'll stay with Caleb so that you don 't get him killed , too .
Come on !|What do you think you 're doing ?
Will ?|Where ?
I can guarantee you nothing like this will ever happen again .|Well , be that as it may , you can no longer stay here with us .
But ... that 's enough .|You know that .
You know that .|Detectives at section zero have nothing .
You don 't understand us at all . No , I do understand you . I understand that you think you can stay out of this . But you can 't . One day she 's gonna show up and Jeanine is gonna take whatever power you think you have away from you . Tris , Tris ...|Look , Johanna , we need a little more time .
My god , no . Annie , no , no , no ! Annie , stay awake . Annie , don 't close your eyes . Stay ... stay awake .|Kate . Hello , Kate . Can you hear me ? I 'm Dr. soska .
I know .|Stay away from this case .
And my heart goes out to you .|I know what it 's like to stand helpless while you lose the ones you love .
I see ... actually , i don 't understand ... this woman , yumi ogasawara ... she 's called a heroine , because of her volunteer work .|Her father is a man of influence in the economic world .
Her father is a man of influence in the economic world .|I wondered why section 1 has been investigating them .
Nikos , where 's Annie ?|I 'm sorry , Kate . She was gone before the ambulance even got there .
Yes ?|Oh , about that article , i want to treat it as a special issue .
You were good . Can i take your picture ? Ms. Yumi , ms . Yumi ! Can i take your picture ? Can i take a picture with you and your father ? Please . Can you stand side by side ? Mr. Ogasawara , do you support your daughter strongly ? Would you smile at the camera ? You can say that , but ... would you smile at the camera ? Would you smile at the camera ? ... she does this on her own .|What 's she like at home ? Just as you see .
That female detective ... leave her to kanzaki .|He will enjoy it .
After Katarina 's sudden departure , I felt a responsibility to watch over the girl from a distance . I 've provided for her and Sam financially . I 'm surprised you found the time . Between selling illegal services or ordering hits on anyone who got in your way . I make no apologies for who I am , or what I do . Katarina was a traitor to two countries , both global superpowers . God willing , Katarina 's daughter will live a private life of quiet courage . But if anyone learns her identity , the only way I can stop the threats from rising is to rise up as a greater threat than all of them . So you want me to join you in organized crime to protect Elizabeth ?|Yes , Kate . Help me protect the girl we love . And what do I have that you could possibly want ? A trusted voice , a cool head .
Yes , Kate . Help me protect the girl we love . And what do I have that you could possibly want ? A trusted voice , a cool head .|Undaunted initiative in a messy situation . All the things that you gave to Elizabeth 's mother .
Hello ! Anyone in there ?|Highway patrol . Open up , please ! Just a second .
I will take you to my great world ... you 're drinking a lot tonight .|I 'm making you a rich guy .
We 're going out the window ?|We need to split up .
Same thing .|After all , you are a dropout detective from section zero .
Okay , yeah . Okay .|Every man for themselves .
I sympathize , I do . But fake ids is not the way to handle it . You need to report the son of a bitch . Slap a restraining order on him . It 's not that simple . He 's a state judge . Whenever something happens , it 's his word against mine , and he knows what to say and how to say it . There are support groups or shelters you can go to . If your story checks out , I 'll even help you find one . But right now , I need to ...|My god . Did he do that ? Yes , officer . He did .
I repeat , three on foot toward the dome .|Over there !
Come on .|Come on , keep moving .
Took some searching , but we found your friend 's phone buried in the rubble . I knew you 'd survive the blast . I tried to warn him , but he was very proud of his bushcraft . He would 've made you proud right to the end . You know how to engender loyalty in others , Kate . You always have . I 've been thinking about you . Happy thoughts ? I realize now I was so wrapped up in helping you build your empire , I lost sight of why I joined you in the first place .|Somewhere along the way , I stopped serving Liz 's needs to enable yours . They 're one and the same . They always have been . What we 've done , we 've done for her . I believed that , Raymond . Like a pied Piper , you made me believe . But when I did what I thought was best for her ... It wasn 't best . You almost got her killed , and you betrayed me . No , I kept my word to you . When you hired me , you told me to choose Elizabeth over you . And so I tried to help her disappear to a safe place with her newborn daughter . And for that , you put me down like a mad dog . For the last two decades of my life , you had me convinced I was helping keep Elizabeth safe . But in reality , I was helping you become a monster . It 's time for us to meet and talk . No , Raymond . I 'm going to do what I should have done years ago .
And I 'm going to use that lesson to render you powerless .|Are you familiar with master James of St. George ? Favored architect of Edward I. Do you know why ? Concentric construction . He literally built castles within castles . Impossible to penetrate . You could breach the outer wall , only to be faced with a heavily fortified gatehouse and barbican and a high inner wall lined with archers . Pity the poor foot soldier who made it that far . The architecture of my organization has risen , stone by stone , over decades .
And I did some things that I regret . Me too . It 's okay . No , it 's not okay .|I need you to know that I 'm better now . What I would love more than anything is ... could we just start again ?
But you stand like Dauntless .|No idea what this one is . Look , we just need to get to the city , that 's all . Well , too bad . Train 's taken . And you damaged our cargo .
No idea what this one is . Look , we just need to get to the city , that 's all . Well , too bad . Train 's taken . And you damaged our cargo .|These are Abnegation fabric bolts .
Hello ?|Hello ?
You all right ? You okay ?|Yeah .
Yeah .|Tobias Eaton .
My God !|My God .
I won 't listen to anyone .|Don 't talk about me .
Don 't talk about me .|You still have enough energy to play .
Her name was Felicity . And where is she now ? She 's gone . But I know what happened . I have my answers . And yet ... no closure whatsoever .|Hello . I wonder if you can help me . Today is my birthday , and a friend told me I might enjoy something called an Orbazos ? I 'm afraid we don 't sell those here .
I will extract the water from your body very slowly .|Then maybe you 'll watch your mouth .
Did you take care of it ?|You can do whatever you like , but you have to think about my position too .
Hello . I wonder if you can help me . Today is my birthday , and a friend told me I might enjoy something called an Orbazos ? I 'm afraid we don 't sell those here .|Hi . FBI . I couldn 't help overhear you lying to my friend just now . Are you saying that if we go in the back , we won 't find your secret stash ? The embargo was lifted . Yes , it was ... For cigars manufactured after 2014 . So , you have a choice ... I can shut you down , or ... Or what ? You can tell me everything you know about this son of a bitch .
Time to get busy .|They got you too ... miss rei ... i caused you trouble because i didn 't pay enough attention .
That was a very convincing asthma attack . Thank you . Now please tell me a true con artist knows how to get out of these .|Allow me .
Anything to protect Marcus ' image .|But you just left him there alone with Marcus ?
But you just left him there alone with Marcus ?|I was very young .
I was very young .|I reached out to him about a year ago .
Spin ... spin !|This is great !
I felt it was finally time to reconnect .|I 'm still your mother . No , my mother 's dead .
Spin !|Good , good !
I went to her funeral when I was six .|And she wasn 't trying to reconnect with me . She was trying to use me , like you are now .
Good , good !|You bitch !
Come on ... hurry !|Watch out !
No !|Do you know who my father is ?
If he finds out ... i may have no chance since he 's connected to the police but i have to do this for my friends you killed .|Ouch !
Ouch !|No ... please stop !
No ... please stop !|Please stop ... what a pitiful woman you are .
Get these two out of here now !|What ? It 's been a while since we were thrown out of a party .
Are those two ... Maybe . I don 't actually know . That 's what it means to be the boss . All the problems and none of the gossip . But I love the gossip . That was my favorite part .|All right , well , I have some for you , then .
However ... stop ! However ... stop !|No ! It 's for safety , i assume . No , stop ! Yumi ? Well ... please , no !
Or maybe she knows ... We 're on the same side , Tris .|I 'm Factionless because I don 't fit into any one faction . And you 're Divergent because you belong to too many .
I 'm Factionless because I don 't fit into any one faction . And you 're Divergent because you belong to too many .|But we 're both a threat to Jeanine .
My people are ready for war , if that 's what it takes . And then what ?|We depose those in power . And once you 've done that ?
He sent kanzaki too !|It 's all his fault !
Where ? They took shelter in Candor . As far as I know , they 're still there .|Think about it .
Look at that . She 's gone .|All right . Let 's go .
Don 't you call me that .|My name 's Four .
My name 's Four .|You wanna tuck him in , or should I ?
This meal looks lovely .|Thank you .
But sometimes i forget who i really am .|Get lost .
Come hail or high water Tatyasaheb is a man of his word . Tatyasaheb has made a dashing entry . And his Guru Maithunanda Maharaj is also with him .|All other leaders in the constituency have gone to the festival of dancing girls . But we are proud that Tatyasaheb chose to come here , a small cricket function instead of enjoying the folk dance fest . He has the heart of a lion .
No more secrets .|Okay ?
I invite the winning captain , Prashant Kale to the stage . A trophy to appreciate his efforts .|His Highness Sage Mithunanda Maharaj .
Listen , I only want what 's best for him .|You hardly even know him .
You hardly even know him .|You 'd like to think that , wouldn 't you ?
Never mind about ruling the constituency learn to control your women first !|Archana
I don 't know what 's gotten into him !|How come you get all these erotic dreams ? I keep thinking of such things day and night .
Can 't we just try it ?|What 's up , Zohar ?
I never get dreams like you .|What were you saying in your sleep last night ?
You don 't believe me ?|Ask him .
Ask him .|You okay ?
All of you !|Come on , guys .
To the party ?|Party ? In four hours we 're off to Amsterdam . Move it . Chill out , no good going like that . For four months we 've been waiting for this TLV . If I 'd known you 're gonna give it to that platonic friend of yours , we would have been in Amsterdam by now .
Party ? In four hours we 're off to Amsterdam . Move it . Chill out , no good going like that . For four months we 've been waiting for this TLV . If I 'd known you 're gonna give it to that platonic friend of yours , we would have been in Amsterdam by now .|No one 's stopping you .
Come on , guys .|Come on , guys !
Hello , hello , Chennai Express ! He just won 't stop . Get back !|Back off !
What are you doing here ? Waiting for you . Sorry to keep you waiting only it 's not where we agreed . I thought it would make you happy .|It sure didn 't make Zohar and Shushan too happy . I thought we should try it first .
Parshya !|What does the cripple want ?
What 's wrong with him ? What 's he all soaped up for ? Archie .. She came and kicked me out . Hey cripple , can 't hear you !|The cripple 's lost it . Something bit him or what ?
Stop ! Police !|Look what you 've done ! Just kiddin ' .
The cripple 's lost it . Something bit him or what ?|Can 't you hear , damn it ! What 's he saying ? Archie 's out there !
I never saw you . You jumped with closed eyes , did you ? You can see now , right ?|Out now !
Not a word from you in ages , suddenly you need something , and we 're friends again ?|Are you trying to tell me you missed me ?
Whoa , hey . They 're with us . We know who you are . Last warning . Drop your guns .|All right .
Easy .|I 'm Jack Kang . I 'm leadership here . Yeah , we know who you are . And we 're not a threat to Candor . That might be your truth . It 's not necessarily mine .
I 'm Jack Kang . I 'm leadership here . Yeah , we know who you are . And we 're not a threat to Candor . That might be your truth . It 's not necessarily mine .|All I know for certain is you 're both wanted for criminal insurgency and conspiring in the attack on Abnegation .
To watch movies .|I like to ride my bullet too .
What else ? What ? How would I know ? You are impossible .|Okay , that 's it . Thank you .
Forgot .|Why are you getting dressed ?
Let 's go to Amsterdam , bring them their share and get it over with . You think it never crossed my mind ? So then ! ?|And how exactly do you think of carrying it ?
I admit I do hold that belief . Then would you say that a trial held here at Candor would be inherently more fair than a trial held by Erudite ?|The answer is yes .
I 've got a better idea .|Let 's go to bed .
With those crooked limbs ?|Get off , I 'll do it .
Can he ?|Tell him ..
Correct ?|We don 't typically discuss such matters out of faction . That 's a pretty evasive answer . Evasion is not dishonest . It 's not exactly honesty either .
Don 't wanna do this . We have to . Neither of us have secrets worth dying for .|May the truth set you free .
Want me to come live here ?|Sure .
Don 't make a big deal about it . You should 've taken the tractor if you were in such a hurry . Who goes out in a tractor ?|Your pop ?
You get used to it ... You come here everyday , don 't you ?|What 's your problem ?
Your pop ?|Give me the key .
Yes .|One last thing .
I won 't need more than eight Grand Let me feel I 'm square with you . You want to feel fair ? Don 't forget your friends next time you have more stuff .|Look .
What 're you talking about ? Just cause I 'm nice to you doesn 't mean I 'm an idiot .|Renanna was here ?
I 'm worried about you and you want to mess with me .|Parshya , aren 't you scared ?
I wanted to leave .|But I fell in love with Tris Prior .
The cripple 's going the same way as you .|Parshya , enough . You 'll break your neck .
And I couldn 't leave her .|Thank you for your candor .
Look what you 've done .|What d 'you care about anyway ?
How do you know I was looking at you ?|I saw you with my eyes .
I saw you with my eyes .|Why are you looking at me ? You don 't look .
Because I 'm Divergent .|I see .
Sure got hooked , didn 't she ...|But it 's not the same stuff is it ? Why do you say that ?
My mom .|I watched her die first .
Same stuff , different girl .|See ya , bro .
What now ?|You think Sapna 's there ?
I 'm serious , you 're still here and I 'm missing you already !|Just hand it , to me . Not here .
Sapni ! Damn !|Salya , you think Archie will like me ?
Sapni !|He is crying .
Let 's drop it then .|Hand me the cassette .
What was his name ?|Will .
I thought it would make you laugh .|How many did you stuff in here ?
I killed Will .|Because that 's what happens to people when they get close to me .
Because that 's what happens to people when they get close to me .|They get hurt or they die .
Renanna , stop ! It 's better we 're not seen together from here .|I wanted you to know that you really saved my ass . Honest .
I can 't forgive myself .|Thank you for your candor .
Sweet thing , that Renanna ...|How come you two didn 't stick together ?
I 'm sorry , all right ?|I told you that I didn 't wanna do that . Hey ...
What else do we need to do , Parshya ?|Archie !
Divergent Test Subject Six is no longer viable .|All right , shut it down .
So it pisses you she was with Zohar , why take it out on this poor Indian ? How did I ever let you drag me down to this shithole ?|No one forced you to come .
Eat .|Parshya said " I like you . " It means he likes you , that 's why he sent you a letter .
I 've been assuming that all Divergents are the same .|But some are much stronger than others .
Parshya said " I like you . " It means he likes you , that 's why he sent you a letter .|Archie said " Why me ? "
He gave you the letter that 's why he likes you . He loves you and so he gave you a letter .|Are you done ?
They all have pumps , why the yellow ones ? 'Cause these are the nicest . Lets go pack now !|I 'm afraid of flying . What was that ? Same here ...
I know they say it 's all just , wasteland out there , but ...|We can 't be the only ones left . Can we ?
Mommy ?|They hurt my mommy ?
She was your girl , wasn 't she ?|If it 's too much trouble to talk How about nodding ?
Go ..|Go .
Be brave , okay ?|Okay . Go .
Hey .|Why are we the only ones awake ?
Parshya , wait up .|Here 's your uncle 's letter .
Here 's your uncle 's letter .|Just let go , man . She 's not biting .
Just let go , man . She 's not biting .|What can we do now !
The chappatti .|We 're waiting for a stupid piece of bread ?
Look who decided to show up .|It 's really good to see you again .
It 's really good to see you again .|All right , folks . Nothin ' to be nervous about .
It 's OK , Elisha .|My house is your house .
Just a little routine inspection . Then we can all go back to our business .|Hello .
" A delicate beauty , be easy on her . "|" She 's smitten . " " He 's here , he 's here . "
Ever tried the TLV ?|With Renanna ...
Let 's just wrap this up quickly . The others are gonna be awake soon .|Hi , sweetie . I shouldn 't a ...
" It was a lost battle , my heart knows now . " " The heart 's pierced through and through . "|" My eyes were closed . " " Boundaries defined . " " I had held myself back . "
Guess so ...|Want some chai ?
" All 's lost and love 's the winner . " " Defeat accepted , my heart just bows . " " And you , my love , pulled me through . " So we were learning about .. Sir , I have a stomach ache . May I go home ?|Sir , he has a bad stomach ache . I 'll take him home . Please go .
Enough . We still have to test her .|Eric !
Sir , he has a bad stomach ache . I 'll take him home . Please go .|She can 't take her eyes off you . Damn !
Sir , Aani 's stomach 's started to hurt badly . I 'm fine . Come on .|Archie , you bluff all the time .
If you think you got lucky , you 're wrong .|You 're gonna wish I killed you .
You 're Patil 's daughter , isn 't it ? Yep ! I am Archana Patil .|Just dropped the trolley at home . I am driving this tractor straight down to the farm with Aani .
You sure she wants us to go there ?|Do you have any bloody brains or not ? She needed to print an invitation card with your name ? Prashant , you are cordially invited to the farm ! She comes right to your home and says going to the farm . So loud that the whole village knows . Let 's go . Let 's see what happens .
Yes , Salim .|Who 's this one ?
Fine with me .|And how about staying in Bombay ?
Come , I 'll show you our farm .|As far as your eye can see , it 's all ours .
You know the punishment for that . Listen ...|I 've found a way to live with the blood on my hands .
It 's sugarcane here . Banana on the other side .|No one 's around at the moment . They 've all gone for lunch .
You all know what this means .|Thank you . For helping us . I wish I could do more .
Aani , show us the farm on that side , will you ?|What 's wrong ? Aani was saying she 'll show us the well on the other side . I didn 't say that . Carry on . The other side is all ours too .
Nothing . You 're right . See you at the hotel .|Renanna !
Strict curfew until further notice .|You heard Eric . Jeanine 's never gonna stop coming after you . It 's our only option .
You heard Eric . Jeanine 's never gonna stop coming after you . It 's our only option .|Tris Prior .
Tris Prior .|Of course .
That I am here and that you are talking to me .|What 's not to believe ? I am here and I am real .
I never dreamed we would meet like this .|Archie , I really like you .
Archie , I really like you .|Yeah , I like you too .
Not on silent , is it , Salya ?|Full range and all that ?
It 's full range , man !|Parshya , it 's Archie !
God , what a babe !|Who 's sleeping ... We shouldn 't be partying .
Parshya , it 's Archie !|Give it to me , give it to me .
We need some sleep for tomorrow . Why are you such a drag ? They 're moving her tomorrow and you 're off to a party ?|So what do you want me to do ? Kill myself ?
Morning Babba !|Only one ? You 're on a diet ?
Give it to me , give it to me .|At least answer .
At least answer .|Disconnected .
Disconnected .|Do you have any brains ?
You should eat .|No , you eat first .
You first . You understand Marathi or want it in English ? You first . Did you eat ? And you ?|Don 't know how many times they eat !
Look ! On the ledge ! The traitor Tris Prior must be surrendered to Erudite or every day more deaths will follow .|Go ! Hand over Tris Prior or every day more deaths will follow .
Go ! Hand over Tris Prior or every day more deaths will follow .|Hand over Tris Prior or every day more deaths will follow . Get down ! Hector ! No !
Hand over Tris Prior or every day more deaths will follow . Get down ! Hector ! No !|Hand over Tris Prior or every day more deaths will follow . Christina ! No !
The shoes ! My shoes !|Tell him I want my shoes back !
Honestly .|I used to work for my father , to help him out .
We removed this from the body of the suicide .|Marlene . Her name was Marlene .
Bring the phone to the garage when you get bored .|Anytime . I have all the time in the world .
Just got here .|Are you chewing tobacco ?
Don 't forget your new shoes .|So by the time you got home , she was gone .
This tech was built to defend itself . This tendril wraps around the nearest major artery .|Try to remove them and they kill the host .
What no ? Your mouth looks full of that crap . You swallowed it or what ?|Don 't eat crap like that .
Hey ! I ain 't the one with the time bomb in my arm .|Yeah !
I know what you 're thinking .|But I 'm not gonna let you do it .
" The sky echoes soothing tones "|" something beautiful 's happened today . "
" It 's all changed . "|" These are the winds of love . "
" These are the winds of love . "|" A bewildered , bemused , young love . "
" The unthinkable has happened . " " It all seems like a dream . " " And feels like I am knotted with you for life . "|" The togetherness of seven lives " " has been confirmed by the heart . " " Have worshipped you like my God . " " The seed of love has been sowed deep within " " and the heart is drenched in love . " " The stifling of dreams is in the distant past . " " The world has lost in the face of love . " " A flash of lightning 's struck " " and the great big skies have burst open with joy . "
What is it ? Total love , a gift from Elisha .|Come on , let 's move !
I 'll work . I 'll cook .|I 'll bring home wood for the kitchen . I 'll wait for you every day at the door .
I am aware that there have been some concerns about the unavoidable raid on Candor .|So let me be clear .
See ya ' .|Watch where you 're stepping ...
Prince is the name . Do what you can .|You hit a professor ? You should be ashamed .
What 's this shhh ... You think he 's deaf ? Just in case ...|Be my guest .
Just kiddin ' .|Get moving , will ' ya !
Just like your grandpa .|Sit . So Aaba , what 's happening ?
I have to admit I 'm impressed .|I mean , I knew that you were dumb , but I didn 't think that you were dumb enough to actually come down here and turn yourself in .
I mean , I knew that you were dumb , but I didn 't think that you were dumb enough to actually come down here and turn yourself in .|The killings have to stop .
Once a stiff , always a stiff , right ?|What is this ? What is this ? This is the only reason why you 're alive , Tris . Man , I love knowing stuff that you don 't .
What is this ? What is this ? This is the only reason why you 're alive , Tris . Man , I love knowing stuff that you don 't .|Need you to open up that box , Tris .
I 'll talk to him , carry on .|Listen , Principal sir .
The only way to open that box is to pass the Sims of all five factions .|But the only people that have tried to do it so far have died .
And even then I only fell asleep .|I 'd give it to you for free , just that I need it for the ticket . You sure it 's enough ?
I 'd give it to you for free , just that I need it for the ticket . You sure it 's enough ?|Maybe I 'll leave you some ?
No pressure .|Remarkable .
I simply can 't live without you .|I want to see you . It 's Prince 's birthday party tomorrow . Let 's meet then .
Chances of it being you , of all people .|Nearly defies the laws of probability .
You know what I was thinking , that TLV drop Zohar gave you back in Goa ...|Why ?
I want to see you . It 's Prince 's birthday party tomorrow . Let 's meet then .|At your bungalow ?
I am serious , Archie . You come over first , we shall see .|Archie . Just a minute . Have been looking for you so long ?
Ma 'am ?|Stop the suicides or I swear I will shoot him . That 's okay . You can kill him if you want . We have plenty of guards .
Stop the suicides or I swear I will shoot him . That 's okay . You can kill him if you want . We have plenty of guards .|What ?
I 'm guessing you need me alive for this to work .|Right ?
" Information " ... the very nature of the word is beginning to change . The world is shrinking .|Borders are collapsing ... cultures are growing closer and closer day by day .
Right ?|Beatrice .
Archie . Just a minute . Have been looking for you so long ?|Who are you talking to on the phone ? It was a girlfriend . How many other girlfriends do you have ? Always on the damn phone . These things aren 't good for a girl .
Who are you talking to on the phone ? It was a girlfriend . How many other girlfriends do you have ? Always on the damn phone . These things aren 't good for a girl .|Come down . Go I 'll be there .
" Enough with you , my baby " " I 'm crazy and I want you to stay . "|" Don 't leave me ever ! " " Enough with you , my baby " " I 'm crazy and I want you to stay . "
He who controls the Internet ... controls information .|In the last three years , Nova communications ... have carved a widening niche in the telecommunications market .
" The heart 's beating mad and the cheeks are brightly lit . " " The head feels light , love bug 's bit . "|" The heart 's beating mad and the cheeks are brightly lit . " " The head feels light , love bug 's bit . " " I am restless and then I go all senseless . " " I am here as a Majnu , just for you . " " My heart 's all racing , running amok like crazy . " " It 's zingy , zing . Zing all the way . " " It 's zingy , zing . Zing all the way . " " It 's zingy , zing . Zing all the way . "
If I do this , the suicides stop ?|No . The suicides will continue until you succeed . And pass all five Sims .
All of you , get out of here ! Come on , run !|Run !
What are you looking at ? What are you looking at ?|Don 't ..
The day that these shocking , horrific images fail to appall us ... is the day that we begin to lose some of our humanity .|Let 's let these images speak for themselves . I , for one , will not soon forget them .
They 're brutes ! Prince will kill him .|Take Salya to Karmala too .
Tris .|Dauntless sim complete .
That tape ...|The thing is ...
I love you , too .|I have to rinse .
Karmala Bus Stand|My own son won 't let me live in peace .
You need to be strong now .|Tell me you 're gonna be strong .
Nicola , I 'll have to call you back .|I 'm Archibald McGovern .
I 've given up . See if you can do something .|They expelled him and blotted his record .
You slept with her , right ? So just let her go .|The Patils defile our girls all the time . What say , sir ? Sir , I never thought you would say that .
The Patils defile our girls all the time . What say , sir ? Sir , I never thought you would say that .|I love Archie .
Excuse me .|Hank Robinson ? Archie McGovern , owner ... And CEO of Vision Television News . Pleasure , sir . Pleasure to meet you . I 'm sorry , this will have to wait . Hank goes on in 10 minutes . Have you met Veronica , my producer ? Oh , yes , indeed . And I will only take five .
Salya , you work in a garage , right ?|Why do such filthy things ? Better focus on your studies . Instead you get involved in such dirty business .
That maybe we are actually what 's wrong in this world .|Divergents .
Don 't cry , Parshya .|I really miss Archie .
I really miss Archie .|I can 't live without her .
She 's from a rich , upper caste family .|Forget about her now .
Mom , I don 't wanna be Divergent anymore .|I just wanna feel safe again .
Mr. Robinson , I 'm here on a rather serious matter .|The late Carlos Aribau . Did you know that he worked for me ?
Four . You 're here . Yeah ? Yeah , I am . You 're here .|Are you okay ? Yeah .
Are you okay ? Yeah .|Secure the hallway .
Sure it was .|No , it wasn 't . I number all my tapes .
What is it ?|You weren 't there . You didn 't even hear that .
Hey , hombre , that 's my beer .|Hey , Hank !
I 'm sorry , Four .|What ? I 'm sorry I didn 't tell you that I was gonna go .
I can 't get this all done .|No , you 're not listening to me .
Birth of a Nation : The Founding of Iran by Howard Robinson .|Your father 's book was required reading in class . Barcelona School of Journalism .
Shut the hell up . Tell me , where that fool is !|I don 't want to live in that house . They whipped me up too .
Even if it is just in the sim . Tris , we 're not in a sim .|Don 't you think I 'd know if I was in a sim ? Four , you 're not in a sim .
Katrina , you run with that . And in local news , Barcelona is once again in the Champion 's League .|Make it the lead story .
You are the sim .|Wait , wait .
Good .|I was in Tehran with your father during the revolution . You look a lot like him .
Oh God !|But where do we go ?
But where do we go ?|Pune or Mumbai . Never come back to this hellhole .
Unregulated . Thank you , sir .|This is Hank Robinson reporting from Intertel .
I hope this business doesn 't victimize you the way it did Carlos . What do you mean ? You know what it 's like ... trying to weed out the liars from the honest men .|In the end , Carlos trusted no one . Not even his best friends .
You were never planning on going back to Abnegation , were you ?|I had to do what I felt was right .
There must have been some talk .|No ..
Who is it ?|A friend . Let me see .
Well , maybe not .|I mean , I am willing to sacrifice you , the only family I have left , the only person I love , in order to preserve what 's best for everyone else .
Let me see .|That 's him . It 's Salya . The bangle woman 's son .
What 's more selfless than that ?|What does Jeanine think is in that box , Caleb ?
Hey , I know you . TV .|It must have been scary .
I 'm sorry , I didn 't get your name .|I 'm a cop . Brechner , Interpol .
Talk to him .|Hello , Salya .
Do you even hear what you 're saying right now ?|No one thinks it 's your fault that you were born this way . Jeanine murdered an entire faction , Caleb . That faction could no longer be trusted .
She killed our parents . Our parents brought that on themselves . What are you talking about ?|The box ? It was in their house . They were the ones hiding it .
All of those lives could have been spared .|Seems we didn 't know our parents as well as we thought we did .
Which reminds me .|So long , Hank .
The number that you 're trying to reach is currently switched off . Please try after some time .|Search every nook and cranny . Mangya , look there !
Get the bikes then . Let 's go .|Mangya , you told them , didn 't you ?
Tell me , do you appreciate irony ?|You tested positive for Erudite , so you must have the intellectual capacity . Irony ? For instance , right now you 're filled with hate . But you need to pass an Amity sim .
Didn 't your father ever teach you to keep your powder dry ?|Your story on Agustin caused quite a stir .
This way .. go !|Let 's take the motor boat .
I 've had the Chief Magistrate on the line all morning .|Just the result of good journalism , I guess , sir . Yes . Free publicity is priceless .
Bring her back !|No !
We 're onto something wonderful .|You can 't learn to be a journalist from a book . Didn 't they teach you anything at school ? Yes . We had a saying .
I won 't betray your trust .|Movies and real life are totally different worlds .
Hey , Four , come on , that was pretty good , right ? First , I swiped a paralytic from the infirmary . Then I shot her up when she was all freakin ' out about you .|I mean , I told these guys I was pretty smart . Guess they should have listened .
Hello ? Yes , he is . Hold , please . You 've got a call on Line 1 .|Thank you .
You 're real .|Yeah , I 'm real .
Caught your piece last night . Good job .|You going to give me your name this time ?
Let 's go , Archie .|Don 't be fools . You 'll get in a bad mess .
Out of nowhere ?|Aribau had a secret source . He never revealed who it was . Probably never knew .
Okay . Right now ? Yeah . You just chose our side , whether you meant to or not . If you wanna survive , make sure we do .|Let 's go .
Two assailants , one male , one female .|Anything you can remember about them ? They had on , what do you call it ? The motorcycle mask .
South corridor , 40 yards down . Tris ?|Tris , come on , we gotta move .
Tris , we have to move .|I can 't . I can 't . My mom died protecting whatever 's inside of this .
Ticket .|Where to ?
With my life , apparently .|All security teams , be advised , breach in ... Do it .
No .|Mineral water , please .
You 're an even bigger fool than your mother .|Say whatever you want to me , Jeanine .
Carlos Aribau 's .|Veronica , come on !
What are you ?|I 'm you , Tris .
I 'm you , Tris .|I 'm the real you .
Okay ? I just took it .|I 'm not this guy .
Good luck .|Mr. McGovern ?
Mind your own goddamn business or else ! Or else what ? Or else what ?|Hold it . Or else what ?
Bro ! Bro , get here quick ! Let 's go . Bro !|Get out of here , you swines !
Come with me to my home .|I said come ! Or do you want to die out on the streets ?
And we created factions to ensure peace .|But we believe there will be those among you who will transcend these factions .
Mr. Robinson ?|I 'm sorry . Miss Markham told me to give this to you . She wanted me to hand it to you directly . She sounded very mysterious .
These will be the Divergent .|They are the true purpose of this experiment . They are vital to humanity 's survival .
Come in .|Sit .
If you 're watching this now , then at least one of you is proof that our experiment has succeeded .|The time has come for you to emerge from your isolation and rejoin us .
We are off , mother .|You also can 't live all your life sleeping at bus stations .
Yeah .|Yeah .
You were wrong about us .|We were never the problem .
We were never the problem .|We 're the solution .
Enjoy yourselves .|You 've been reading too many spy novels , Hank .
Ever .|Kill them both .
Kill them both .|No !
I have suffered a lot myself .|They see a lonesome woman and men even fathers of two kids , turn into vultures !
The Internet is dangerous .|It allows people to get information they cannot be trusted with .
It allows people to get information they cannot be trusted with .|It must be controlled ... step by step . Until , eventually , people like you are running the whole show .
Down ! Put your weapons down , now ! Drop them . Drop them . Stay ! Put it down ! Do not move .|Hello , Jeanine .
Hello , Jeanine .|Evelyn ? Impressive .
That 's why no one gives me any trouble in the whole slum .|You are up , dear ? Sit down .
I store stuff for my shop here .|You know what you can cook here too .
This is yours now , dear .|I 'll leave .
You better go to the other room . I 'll clean up here .|Go .
You 'll see .|I 'm gonna put it on every monitor in the city .
For you , I 'd say respect .|Look , the crime is not stealing the story , son . The crime is getting caught .
" Our world is colorful . " " Like our crazy dreams . " " In our friendship .. "|" No relation to bind us . " " Yet , we are together for life . " " In our friendship .. "
The time has come to emerge from your isolation and rejoin us .|We 've allowed you to believe that you 're the last of us . But you 're not .
Manuel Pla : Triumph over Adversity .|I 'm a whore .
If you 're watching this now , then at least one of you is proof that our experiment has succeeded .|Mankind waits for you , with hope , beyond the wall .
These will be the Divergent .|They are the true purpose of this experiment . They are vital to humanity 's survival .
Everyone 's staring at me .|You changed everything .
Bullshit . His stories were ripped off from local Persian journalists ... most of whom , I might add , did not survive the Ayatollah 's purges .|No witness , no one to expose him .
Parshya , you don 't love me anymore , do you ? What ?|Why did you leave without waking me ?
You were in a deep slumber . That 's why .|I helped aunty at the shop . How long can we just live off her ?
It 's been over 200 years .|Who knows what 's out there ?
What ?|I have to go to work . Don 't go .
Cast|Directed by
I need to .|Do one thing . Here 's some money .
The film was made in 1937|Fantasy is a monster that has devoured much of me . Wrote Henrik Ibsen at the age ofsixty to an eighteen year old girl .
How did it happen to him ?|Good day .
Good day .|What 's up ? What 's the matter ?
Well , onions , garlic , spices . Bring stuff that you need for cooking .|You 'll do it , right ?
Nicola ! My turn to run into you .|Any special plans tonight ?
My dear ladies . What a pleasant surprise ! To what do I owe such an honour ? Dearest professor ! But ladies ! The committee decided that I am to speak .|Dearest professor
I 've just arrived . You 're happy , aren 't you ? I see , look in the left drawer . But it 's me , dad ! It must be there somewhere . Try to remember , where you put it .|Who are you talking to , dad ? It 's me Vera , your Duckling . I 'm staying at the Bristol , room 112 . Come over . That 's impossible , Duck ... You see , it keeps haunting me . Hullo ! What ? You must find the draft . Wait , I 'll be right there .
My dear girl . What is this ? What are you doing ! Stop it !|I won 't say farewell . As we 'll be seeing each other soon . Write a letter to Doctor Mach afteryou get there so that I know where to find you . Good bye .
I won 't say farewell . As we 'll be seeing each other soon . Write a letter to Doctor Mach afteryou get there so that I know where to find you . Good bye .|Now I 'm wearing perfume !
Very clean .|Hey , that 's my set . Hank , I had help . You helped me .
Talk to me , please .|Parshya , don 't feel like living this life . Like filthy insects .
Detective stories .|Good day .
You remember .|I think I 've let you live long enough .
I feel like staying with you and I also want to be home .|I really don 't know what to do .
Parshya , I feel very lonely .|Stop crying , come here .
Don 't cry .|Please stop crying , Archie .
We 've been tracking these two for months .|So he was using your identity as a cover , and you 've been ...
Sir . She 's a friend of mine . She needs some work .|Okay , ask her to start tomorrow . Thank you , sir .
Not quite . Did you have to make such a scene ? Aribau filmed the whole thing , right ? Nobody will suspect me . He saw what we wanted him to see .|The evidence of the released videotape led to the immediate arrest of Manuel Pla .
What 's the matter with you ?|What 's wrong ? Nothing . I was introduced to the new governess . But I feel better now . What are you talking about ? Let me see .
I stole it .|I apologize to them ... and to you .
Banana , coconut , sugarcane .. We grow everything . My father takes very good care of it .|My father is a good man .
And our next lesson will be French .|Stop it , I beg you . It 's no laughing matter . I see horrible things . You must help me get rid of the girl , or it will result in a disaster . I 've been living in constant fear for a week in my own house ! I , who was always so morally confident , I 'm afraid now to look to face of my own wife . Inclusive of my children . That 's what you get for not admitting such an adorable child . She is adorable , that 's quite true .
Tell me .|Tomorrow without fail .
Odessa Cinema Studio|Producer Igor KALYONOV
Well , come on .|Nicht schiessen .
Well ... There we go .|I love a thunderstorm in early May .
Kindersurprise .|Good boy .
Where are you going ?|Hell ! Where do I go every day ?
Must you go to work today ?|Work load 's heavy . Sir will get mad .
Want to speak to the big uncle here ?|What ?
Thank you for warning me .|Good day , professor , I 'm so glad to see you .
No good then . She 's big .|Got a cousin a bit older ?
She works in the factory .|You 've been standing here ? Why didn 't you come for the movie ?
Jamaican .|My Dearest , Since I have been watching you mould my father , I feel our souls could understand each other .
What 's this supposed to mean ? Nothing at all .|Let 's be sincere . Confide in me , as if I were your sister . My sister ?
You must have enjoyed squeezing in next to him in the theatre . Don 't talk crap !|He is a good man .
He took the bait !|I 'm here .
Handsome .|I 'm nice , nice .
I should leave on the evening train .|What ?
Archie , I need to talk to you .|Look at me . I am talking to you .
Go and may God be with you . We 'll finish the barn somehow . He needs money .|Well , you can 't go anywhere without money .
Archie , wait .|Archie , wait . Archie .
Well , the ticket costs ...|I know how much the ticket costs .
Last year I didn 't find work straight away .|I don 't know about this year , how fast I will find some work .
What are you wearing ? Let me see !|What 's all this ? Who did this to you ?
She looks nice , doesn 't she ?|What pretty girls I have , eh ?
What 's wrong ?|Falling in love and then getting married .
A sweater at least . It 's shameful .|He 's not little anymore . He 's ashamed . It 's not like the old days .
He 's not little anymore . He 's ashamed . It 's not like the old days .|I tell you , at least buy him a sweater .
Baits , baits , baits , baits . Porridge , porridge , television ...|Buy him a sweater at least . Shameful to look at him . He 's not little anymore . He 's ashamed to walk about undressed .
She 's from a rich family .|The daily quarrels , the slum . It was too much for her . She must 've gone back home .
It 's not like the old days .|I tell you , buy him a sweater at least . Shameful to look . He 's not little anymore . He 's ashamed to walk about undressed . It 's not like the old days !
I tell you , buy him a sweater at least . Shameful to look . He 's not little anymore . He 's ashamed to walk about undressed . It 's not like the old days !|I tell you , buy him a sweater at least . Shameful to look at him . He 's not little anymore . He 's ashamed to walk about undressed !
Rob me , rob me . Take everything .|Every stitch .
My little one , my fluffy one . Where 're your children ? They were drowned , weren 't they ? But you 'll have more children . I won 't drown them , I won 't . I won 't . Forgive me .|I ask you to stop , because I ...
Don 't ever leave me , please !|Sorry , Archie . I won 't say that again . Ever ..
I ask you to stop . Listen to me !|The price for feed is about to go up .
Listen to me !|The price for feed is about to go up . And the silo ditch isn 't ready . Only three workers left , they 're carpenters . And carpenters won 't dig ditches .
The price for feed is about to go up . And the silo ditch isn 't ready . Only three workers left , they 're carpenters . And carpenters won 't dig ditches .|Carpenters don 't dig ditches . All my team 's gone to the mill , you know that .
" The heart is in a trance , it rebels , it calls out . " " The fragrance of love brings in a novel gaiety . " " Her heart desires .. "|" Her heart desires .. it has mischief . " " It pesters but a sweet pester . " " And she has gone insane for him . "
I beg to the council elders .|Please forgive my grave mistake .
Don 't push us into hell like this .|I beg of you .
To watch ... Ballet ...|To watch ... Beautiful ...
Or , " I 'll finish reading , then wash up . "|Or you 'd say , " Mom , I 'm tired and sleepy .
And we are again in a magic land , And our horizons as bright as ever .|And back to me my childhood is sent , Forever , forever , forever .
The world is once more discovered .|Far , faraway we 'll be taken by spring , When suddenly , amid silence , From the window it would sing .
We call him Tatya .|We named him Akash .
Okay .|I Wonder What 's Up There .
Lmagine if you went to town on foot . With a staff in your hand . Here , lighten up . Can 't you see I 'm busy ?|Lmagine going to town on foot , a staff in your hand , a sack over your shoulder . You 're in torn boots . Not even a hat on your head .
Lmagine going to town on foot , a staff in your hand , a sack over your shoulder . You 're in torn boots . Not even a hat on your head .|In short , not even a hat . You 're walking and walking ... Fields and woods ... Fields and woods ...
All Right , I 'm Getting On .|You All Set ?
In short , they 're Mafia bandits . Or rather ... You go into a big house , a villa , you know . They give you drink and food , play the piano for you . Their daughter , a beautiful millionairess , falls for you . She 's a bit eccentric . Yes , eccentric . And she says : " I love you and want to marry you . "|And then I appear and say : " Miss , he 's my brother , he 's really not much to look at ! " Why do we need another barn ? ! Why ?
Why did you mess up with my design ?|Take it .
The Horses Are At The Post . And They 're Off ! It 's Sundae Treat , Our Travis , Bengal Boy , Sony , Miss Snoop , Bags , Rags And Ready Teddy .|It 's Sundae Treat , Our Travis , Bengal Boy Moving On The Outside . Bengal Boy ! Come On , Bengal Boy ! It 's Sundae Treat , Bengal Boy .
Come in , please .|Sit .
Well , It Turns Out The Dough Belongs To The Bishop Here . It Belongs To The North Avenue Presbyterian Church .|And It 's Reverend . Well , See If You Can Work Something Out . Uh , Not Here . It Turns Out I 'm Giving Money Back , They 'll Start A Stampede . You Know What I Mean ? We 'll Take Care Of It .
Right . Say , Who 's There ?|What 's Going On Here ?
We Heard About Your Broadcast , Reverend Hill .|We Thought Maybe You Could Give Us A Hand .
Doing What ? Breaking Up The Gambling Organization Here In New Campton .|Ah , Thanks , But , Uh , This Thing Has Put Me On Thin Ice Already . It Could Cost Me My Job . We Don 't Expect You To Do Nothing . You 're Too Hot To Get Near A Gambling Joint Now Anyway . We Just Want You To Round Up A Few Men You Can Trust , And We 'll Take It From There .
They are my people . Give them tea .|You do it please . I 'm pouring tea . Be a good host .
Give it to them .|" Fresh fragrance .. " " With a fresh splash of love . "
That 's Right .|Wait A Minute . What Do I Say ? What Do I Say ? What Is It ? Tell Me Again . When The Guy Comes Up , You Just Say , " I Want Tickets On These Numbers . " I Want Tickets On These Numbers .
Why Don 't You Just Read It Off The List I Gave You ? Oh , The List . The List .|Can I Help You ? I Have A Special On " Chrysanthenums . "
Had your tea ? Sure , be right there .|And we are home ! Go on inside . Go .
BANGING ON DOOR|Mum . BANGING ON DOOR
The Lord 's servant Pyotr marries the Lord 's servant Vera .|In the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy Ghost . Amen .
Could you put the kettle on , please ? Hm .|Why 's she here ? Because she isn 't anywhere else .
So ... .. back up to your office for a cuppa , then ?|Between here and my office , before the kettle boils , is everything that ever happened or ever will .
All Right . Don 't Shout . Of All The Dumb , Stupid Broads ! My Acid Is Flowing .|June Bride , Uh , Could You Describe The Car ?
Gotcha . Come On , Baby . We Gotta Take A Hike .|Gotta Help Auntie Cleo . That 's A Precious Lamb . Yes , Indeed . Good Boy . Good Boy . Good Boy . Yes , Yes , Yes . Here You Are . Here You Are . This Your Car ?
'Kezzia , where are you ? '|Hey , Goodthing . I 'm coming back in . 'Kezzia , don 't come in just yet . ' I 've been out since second sunrise . I 'm hungry .
The power was given to Joseph in Egypt as a ring .|Daniel gained renown in Babylon as a ring .
And Hopeful , she 's dead too . And her friend Sunshine , she 's dead . And Eliza . And quite a few other people are dead . Why are you saying this ? You can 't say things like that , grinning like an idiot . Smile , really . Try . If you don 't ... I shouldn 't have told you . Please smile . Oh ... You 're on two tears now . Is it hugging me ? MECHANICAL BUZZING Who programmed that ? Please , give her a moment ! She 'll be happy in a moment ! Kezzia !|No . Look , I 'm smiling . Smiling ... SHE SCREAMS
Does He Still Have The Bag , Clunker ?|Clunker , Does He Still Have The Bag ? Answer .
Put the ring in His palm and we shall sacrifice a calf to You and rejoice . It was Your hand that armed Moses in the Red Sea , the heaven and earth were created by Your word and Your hand blesses Your servants with Your almighty word and Your noble power . And You , Our Lord , bless with Your hand this arrangement , with Your heavenly blessing and let Your angel stand before them for all their lives .|Bless and sanctify them , and we shall glorify You , the Father , the Son and the Holy Ghost , now and forever and ever .
Got Him , Home Plate . He Stopped At The Park . He 's Heading Toward A Man On A Picnic Table . He 's Sitting At The Picnic Table . Watch Him , Phantom Fox . Every Move .|He Has A Bag . He 's Reaching Inside The Bag . He 's Taking Out A ... Sandwich .
Thanks , Mom ! Excuse Me .|He 's Still At The Magazine Stand . Just Be Patient . This Is Where We Blew It Yesterday .
He 's Still At The Magazine Stand . Just Be Patient . This Is Where We Blew It Yesterday .|He Keeps Checking His Watch And Looking Out The Window . The Other Guy Must Be Late . Keep Watching Him !
He Keeps Checking His Watch And Looking Out The Window . The Other Guy Must Be Late . Keep Watching Him !|There 's Another Man Who Came In With A Paper Bag . This Could Be A Pass . Everybody Stay Awake .
And you don 't turn your back on the altar . It 's not the custom .|The girl 's buzzing like a bee , not me .
There He Is , Down The Alley . I 'll Double Back .|All Right , That 's Good , But Do Not Get Too Close . Do Not Get Too Close .
As You , Our Lord , art merciful and loving . We pray to the Father , the Son and the Holy Ghost , now and forever and ever .|Glory to You , Our Lord , glory to You .
Interesting . It 's never on the side that you 're looking at .|What 's it doing now ? What , what face is it making ? Sort of ... puzzled . Me ?
Wonderful .|Marv , The Girls And I Were Talking . And , Uh , Well , They 'd Like To Take Another Shot At It . Reverend , We Shot At It ... Three Times . Each Time , It Was A Fiasco .
Marv , The Girls And I Were Talking . And , Uh , Well , They 'd Like To Take Another Shot At It . Reverend , We Shot At It ... Three Times . Each Time , It Was A Fiasco .|My Stomach Isn 't Up To It . Claire Said She 'd Get A Radio For My Office At The Church . It 's Her Money . Get Two . Then I 'll Tell Them It 's Okay To Continue ? Tell Them Anything You Want , As Long As I Don 't Have To Hear It Or Be There .
Do you wish , Pyotr , to take Vera , who you see before you now , as your wife ?|Speak : " Yes I do , Honest Father . " Yes I do , Honest Father . Did you promise to marry any other ?
Welcome to the future .|Emojis , wearable communications , we 're in the utopia of vacuous teens .
Yes I do , Honest Father .|Did you promise to marry any other ?
Look at this ... it knew I was starving ! Food from another planet . You 've got to , haven 't you ?|Smells like fish . I 'm not that fond of fish , except socially , which can complicate a meal like this .
Blessed is the Kingdom of the Father , the Son and the Holy Ghost , now and forever and ever .|Let us pray together to God .
That 's some sort of flavoured algae .|I haven 't seen any livestock yet . That 's good , isn 't it ?
Did Miss Woods Mean What She Said ?|Well , She Strikes Me As The Kind Of Person That Does .
I don 't understand why they let hysterical types in . Let us pray to Our Lord of the higher world and the saving of our souls . Praise be to God ! Praise be !|Lord , remember to care for their parents who raised them : For the prayers of parents are the foundation of the home . Also remember to care for Your servants who are to marry and rejoice . Take care of Your servants Pyotr and Vera and bless them . Let them be fruitful , having offspring and unity in their souls and bodies . Raise them up as the cedar of Lebanon , as the flowering vine , let them have child and prosperity , to serve You in their deeds . And let their sons see their own sons like the young olive plants around their table . Let those who have pleased You shine as the heavenly bodies in the sky .
Let us pray to Our Lord .|Don 't push around , woman . Are you crazy ? You 're in the church !
Really high .|So , if the people aren 't here yet , what do we do ?
Thanks for bringing me . This is a great day out .|I mean , come on , admit it . You love it . Did I say I didn 't love it ? Yes , I do . It 's very ... lovable . You asked me where all the people were and I theorised that they hadn 't got here yet . Did I sound convincing ?
You 're thinking . Tell me what you 're thinking about . A magic haddock . Obviously !|What is this stuff ? Is it snow ?
And where are all the people ?|Ugh ! SHE GASPS Here , right here , in this garden . Oh , my God .
There 's A Lady ! Look Out ! Look What You Did ! I 'm Trying To Stay With Him , Home Plate , But He 's Really Moving ! Be Careful , June Bride . Be Careful .|Are You All Right , June Bride ? Yes , But I Don 't Know What Howard 's Gonna Say About His Car .
Are You All Right , June Bride ? Yes , But I Don 't Know What Howard 's Gonna Say About His Car .|We 're Turning On Klump Street , And I 'm On His Tail . Good Going , Rookie . Hang In There .
We 're Turning On Klump Street , And I 'm On His Tail . Good Going , Rookie . Hang In There .|Yahoo ! Not This Time .
Well , He Just Plain Outdrives Us .|Not Necessarily .
You have a plain , uninteresting face . Although it 's a little pale , but that 's normal for a blond with blue eyes .|There 're a lot of people no better than me .
There 're a lot of people no better than me .|And you 're one of them . Yes yes yes yes yes ...
Excuse Me , Dr. Fulton , But This Is Really Important .|Okay , Rookie . I 'll Send The Shortcakes Over And Get Jane . And Then I 'll Call Cleo , And I 'll Send You All The Help I Can Get , All Right ? Good Luck , And Keep Me Posted . Yippee !
And Hurry , Kids , Please .|Are You Ready Now ? All Right , Everybody . Oh , Uh , Move In Just A Little Bit . Oh , Yes , That 's Beautiful .
Nonsense ! I said you 're crushing me .|And I said I am not .
Use your whole face , right now , do it . What good 's smiling ? Smiles aren 't just smiles . Psychologically , they have a measurable effect on your mood states . Yes .|These robots , they built this place . They grew those trees . Something went wrong but they were designed to make you happy . How would massacring hundreds of people make me happy ? " How would massacring hundreds of people make me happy " smiley face .
Why would we be going home ? That place is a living deathtrap , we can 't just leave it with its mouth wide open . But they 're all dead . We saw them . It 's too late . We have to assume that there 's a colony ship on the way . What do you think 's going to happen when all those people arrive ? They 're expecting the new garden of Eden , what they are not expecting is to be the fertiliser . There 's broadband in there . Go ! Go and watch some movies or something ! I get that someone has to do something but why 's it you ? Can 't you phone the police ? Isn 't there a helpline or something ? And stay away from my browser history !|Penguin with its arse on fire .
Good morning ! I 'm happy !|Good morning . Look at me , I 'm happy , happy , happy , happy ! What a lovely , beautiful morning , it makes me so happy . I 'm happy . I hope that you 're happy , too .
They 're not in the wall , they are the wall ... they 're all the walls . These little robots , they didn 't build this place , they became it . They can be a part of a wall one minute , flying around the next . This whole structure is built from interlocking microbots .|Smile ! You 're in the belly of the beast .
We Better Pick Him Up , Mrs. Simms !|I 'm Awfully Sorry , Folks . Things Have Gone Amuck .
There He Goes !|He 's Making His Move , Home Plate ! We 're On Our Way .
Glory to You , Our Lord ! Glory to You !|On the third ...
Lost Him , Home Plate .|He May Have Taken Brunswick Road . Try It Anyway . Hold It ! Hold It !
And when they ran out of wine , the mother of Jesus said to Him : " They have no wine ... " I don 't understand !|I don 't understand !
I don 't understand !|Well , we couldn 't see that coming . I told you to get married in town .
Hold the crown higher .|Good afternoon .
I live indulging in all sorts of illusions , due to problems with my sight , stomach and brain .|I live indulging in all sorts of illusions , due to problems with my sight , stomach and brain .
Not even locked .|They were expecting to live in peace .
Ah !|Good , old , universally compatible , incorruptible maps .
All Right , Everybody ! Grab The Stuff ! Out ! Let 's Go !|Move , Move !
Move , Move !|Step On It , Eddie . Step On It ! He 's Not Gonna Stop !
'Almost with you , Doctor . ' You took your time . When I let this go , it 's going to spin back .|I want you to hold it tight while I jam it shut .
Ah ! Don 't worry about me . I 'm having the time of my life ! Making new friends !|ALARM BLARES Get ready to run ! Run really fast !
Bruno , What Are You Doing Here ?|We Winged One ! We Winged One ! Phantom Fox , Six O 'clock . Oh !
He 's Got A Gun !|Hold Your Course , Phantom Fox . I 'm Coming In .
Hold Your Course , Phantom Fox . I 'm Coming In .|Oh ! Well Done !
What 's going on ? !|A smoke , a smoke , a smoke .
A smoke , a smoke , a smoke .|Last night some woman poisoned herself again .
On the one hand , to prove he 's not involved in the poisoning , on the other , to pack the house , and thirdly , for money .|No , it doesn 't gel . They 're just rumors .
I got it very , very wrong .|The colony ship isn 't on the way , it 's right here .
The colony ship isn 't on the way , it 's right here .|The colonists are all around us , cryogenically frozen . What 's in those pods , Bill ... .. is the surviving population of Earth .
Quiet ! Quiet !|Quiet ! Quiet ! Quiet !
So , what happens now ? Now ?|Now they 're all going to leave this ship , and find their friends and family mulched in the garden .
Now they 're all going to leave this ship , and find their friends and family mulched in the garden .|And if they don 't smile about that ... .. it 's going to be the end of the human race .
Look , He 's Getting Away ! Faster !|I Can 't See Nothin ' ! Where Are We ?
Oh ! Oh , those pods , eh ? Not much headroom . Oh , I thought I 'd be first up . Steadfast , MedTech One . What day is this ? The end of the world . Again ? We 've only just got here .|Bill , with me . What 's happening ?
Those are the shepherds , aren 't they ? And they 're all dead .|If we rearrange this data to reflect the time of death , what do we get ?
That 's The Way To Go !|Look , Look , Lookit ! They 're All Trapped ! We Got ' Em ! Anne , Are You All Right ?
THIS LONG DISTANCE DUCK IS A LONG DISTANCE LADY DUCK . SHE IS CARRYING A MICRODOT FILM FOR THE PLAN OF THE INVASION OF ENGLAND . IT IS ATTACHED TO HER LEG BY A CORN PLASTER .|UNFORTUNATELY , DESPITE THE COMBINED EFFORTS OF MYSELF , MY WIFE AND HALF THE VILLAGE , SHE STEADFASTLY REFUSED TO TAKE OFF . SHE WAS LAST SEEN WALKING PAST THE POST OFFICE .
YVETTE , WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ? WE SHOULD BE OPEN BY NOW . RENE , MADAME EDITH SENT ME TO THE MARKET TO BUY SOME CLOTHES FOR THE GIRLS OF THE COMMUNIST RESISTANCE , THE ONES THAT ARE HIDING UPSTAIRS . WHAT HAVE YOU BOUGHT THEM ? IN A MARKET I FOUND SOME CHEAP SERVING MAIDS ' UNIFORMS , SO THEY CAN WORK IN THE KITCHEN . WITH THE CHANGE , I BOUGHT MYSELF THIS HAT .|WHEN WE RUN AWAY TO GET MARRIED , I CAN WEAR IT ON MY HONEYMOON . NOT ALL THE TIME .
Once , long ago , a fisherman caught a magic haddock .|The haddock offered the fisherman three wishes in return for its life . The fisherman said , " I 'd like my son to come home from the war " and 100 pieces of gold . "
Of course , I wiped their memories .|They no longer have the faintest idea who you are and , in fact , they 're wondering what you 're doing in their very nice city .
Should 've gone to some backwoods village . This is a backwoods village .|Yes , you 're right . So , it doesn 't matter that a poor woman poisons herself ? No one cares ?
HERR FLICK INSTRUCTED ME TO DEAL WITH THE PRISONER . IN WHAT WAY ? YOU HAVE HEARD ABOUT THE VELVET GLOVE ? YES I HAVE , BUT WHAT EXACTLY DO YOU DO WITH IT ?|LEAVE US . I WILL WAIT IN MY CUPBOARD .
And this is the Thames .|ELEPHANT TRUMPETS
ELEPHANT TRUMPETS|IT TRUMPETS AGAIN
I WISH TO HELP YOU . I HAVE IN MY POSSESSION ONE QUARTER OF THIS MONEY . IF HERR FLICK FINDS OUT , I WILL BE IN THAT CHAIR INSTEAD OF YOU . I AM HERE TO HELP YOU ESCAPE . HOW DO I KNOW THIS IS NOT SOME GESTAPO SUBTERFUGE ? I HAVE WITH ME THE MONEY . I SHALL RECOGNIZE IT . IT IS IN BIG ONES .|THOSE ARE THE BIG ONES .
Now your average Comanche ... He had a mind like an encyclopedia . He could tell you the name of every plant in the Southwest , along with its various efficacies . He could look at the track of an animal and know everything about him . Young , old , fat , skinny . Hell , he could look at your track and tell if you 've had cancer . Well , you know , the dark races have always been gifted that way . Hell , I got a Mexican , has a nose for quail you would not believe .|I can only imagine . So , what do you think , Fred ? Did you ever dream that you 'd be breaking bread with the First Son of Texas ?
O Lord , have mercy .|O Lord , who created the entire universe with His power and decorated the crown of all that created by Him .
Ah , she was a great actress ! Yes , I remember the autopsy .|In the name of the Father . Amen . In the name of the Son . Amen .
In the name of the Father . Amen . In the name of the Son . Amen .|In the name of the Holy Ghost . Let me in ! What 's wrong ?
A POLICEMAN , GOOD . SOME VILLAIN HAS STOLEN FROM ME MY EAR TRUMPET . IT HAS NOT BEEN REPOTTED TO MOO . WHAT ?|EDITH HAS IT . EDITH , GIVE THIS OLD BAT HER EAR TRUMPET . I AM SORRY , MAMMA . HERE IT IS . AND WHERE IS MY SUPPER ? LATER , MAMMA , LATER . QUICK , THE RADIO !
No . Are you certain ? I don 't think much happens around here without your family knowing about it . That night , we were all pretty occupied tending with the damage to our rig , and all .|Well ... I thought at least I would ask .
I WILL SPOOK TO MY SECRET HEADQUITTERS . DO THEY SPOOK IN ENGLISH OR FRONCH ? WE SPEAK IN FRONCH .|'ALLO , ' ALLO . SECRET AGENT CRABTREE COOLING . CONNOCT ME TO WOMBLEDON ONE SOX , ONE SOX .
It portends death . Death . Or rain .|Strong as an ox . He 'll be fine .
Join your hands .|The cross .
WAIT HERE . I WILL TRY AND FIND OUT WHICH ROOM MONSIEUR ALPHONSE IS IN . WHAT IS THIS IDIOT DOING HERE ? IT IS A GOOD DISGEESE . I CAN WICK ANYWHERE IN THE HOSPITAL WITHOUT AREESING SISPOOCION . ALL THEY CAN SEE IS MY EEBREWS . I HAVE ONE DUMMY UNDER THE TROLLEY , AND ANOTHER ONE PUSHING IT . IF WE ARE IN TROUBLE , WE WILL FIGHT OUR WAY OUT .  I HAVE THE KNIFE . WHERE IS THE GUN ?|AT THE FIRST SIGN OF TROUBLE , I WILL GRAB IT . GIVE IT TO ME .
Congratulations on your matrimony , as they say .|That drag is over .
Right now , you and I will go to the cemetery . Right now we 'll go to the cemetery , you and I. You 've gone mad again . What are we going to do there ?|Please , let 's go ! Please !
I was on tour .|She 's no more ?
She 's no more ?|Where is she ? I was on tour .
I think we all got a choice , Tom .|Where you goin ' ?
Where you goin ' ?|Where you goin ' ?
Both : FOUR , THREE , TWO , ONE , PLUNGE !|THE R.A.F. ARE BOMBING US ! INTO THE SHELTERS !
Kiss your wife .|Are we going ? Come on !
Since when do you care ?|This is nice .
I thought these magazines were supposed to be full of pictures of women in bikinis . This is just car , car , car .. Hey ! Now we 're talking . Huh ? Do you think her parents are proud of her ?|Uh , not really appropriate for during work hours . You can get back to the job . Thanks . Thanks . Enjoy your magazine . Hi ! Daddy , this is Oz . It 's very nice to meet you , sir . That 's quite the grip you 've got there .
Far , faraway we 'll be taken by spring|When suddenly , amid silence , From the window it would sing .
Well , what do you expect ? Nothing . All for nothing . Singing and burning incense and reciting . But God doesn 't hear .|I 've been serving here 40 years and God hasn 't heard once . All for nothing ! Too much philosophizing spins the head .
That 's what I 'm hoping for .|So what 's the trouble this time ? What makes you think that I have trouble ? Because you 're here .
So what 's the trouble this time ? What makes you think that I have trouble ? Because you 're here .|I might have to sell the ranch . So move somewhere else .
There 's nowhere to go . Used to be , just got on your horse and rode on . Now there 's nothing but people everywhere you go . I remember the past less fondly .|I feel like I 'm getting old .
Please . Put the knife down . No one has to get hurt .|We know what you 've been through . You don 't know what I 've been through . You don 't know anything ! They ... they deserved it !
You 've been old for a long time . I mean in my head . This ... I don 't care about . My boys want me to sell off part of the ranch , but I got a bad feeling about that .|Once you slice one little piece off , then it 's another piece and another piece until there 's nothing left .
Our team just recovered Jeremy Potter 's cell phone from Kay 's apartment . MI6 were relieved to find out that none of the files were compromised . What happens to Kay Walton ? She 'll undergo full psychiatric evaluation . What about her son ? Well , we still have to figure out how many people he actually extorted . Somehow , I don 't think too many of them are going to come forward . That 's why we have subpoenas . |Any more security breaches ? No . The site hired a new firm to plug the holes . Is my profile still on ?
I 'm a friend of Tatiana Repina .|I poisoned myself ...
Accrued my fair number of black marks against my soul .|What was it all for ?
Good job today .|That really was so good . Panko crusted . Who knew ? I thought I 'd try something new .
Are you sure you don 't have to be at the club tonight ? Yeah . I told them to call if there 's some sort of catastrophe , but otherwise , tonight is all about us .|You really are amazing , you know that ? It was just panko , babe .  I honestly ... they said it was amazing .
I 'm ready . | : Oz , we 're here .
Where are they ? Where 's the groom ? Where 's the bride ?|Locked me in ! Where 's the wedding ?
Why did it have to be him ? make way ! Vash the Stampede is coming through ! feared as The Humanoid Typhoon ... folks ! don 't expect any medical coverage ! Mr. Vash ! Stop by the saloon later . We got some of the good stuff !|Vash ! how long are you guys gonna hang around me like this ?
Vash ! how long are you guys gonna hang around me like this ?|Always ! It 's our job to control the damages in cases which involve you . ma 'am ? That 's right .
It 's a PR for you , daddy|You 're like my sister . I 'm not like anyone .
It 's incredible ... Yes ... where 's Vash ?|He 's gone . What shall we do ? What should we do ?
He 's gone . What shall we do ? What should we do ?|Look at this ! It 's the latest tasselled bugle ! Holy moly ! How about this much ? I 've got kids to feed ! do you need an extra hard worker ? but not a kid .
I 'm very sorry about everything .|My fault . Forgive me .
Call Midkiff . See what you can get for those eight sections . You won 't regret this , Daddy .|I already do .
Everything 's fine . Fine .|Children , time for bed ! Children , time for bed !
And my job isn 't about the truth . It 's about representing my client ... delvon Lincoln .|Teflon .
Teflon .|He claimed he was in the employ of a dirty cop , which is the reason ... So he claimed ... That no charges against him ever stuck . Hence , the name teflon . Okay , then , why shoot a cop ? Why bite the hand that feeds him ? Now , that is an excellent question . Why would a drug dealer with a permanent " get out of jail " card want to shoot a police officer ? Seems to me teflon made a hell of a fall guy .
And our marriage ? I want you to do a job for me . Is there a reward in it ?|I 'll give you what you want .
I 'll give you what you want .|What I want ? I 'll do it ! I 'll do whatever you want !
But your behavior , your last act ...|We never sit at the table without you kicking up a fuss .
Crude , heavy , indifferent . You 're crude , you see ? And it 's ridiculous to blame time ! Saying the times are hard !|The times are always the same ! The times are always hard !
Where have you b ...|Who is that ? A total babe ! That 's not what I mean . I asked him to protect me while I revise the plant system program .
Who is that ? A total babe ! That 's not what I mean . I asked him to protect me while I revise the plant system program .|Oh .
They can ! Silence ! Alright ! You don 't like to hear the truth ? Great !|Alright ! Start shouting ! Great ! Throw things ! Throw them ! You have no idea how to do it ? I 'll show you ! A one , and a two ! Can 't see ? Come closer ! A one ! And a two ! And again !
Aren 't we going to follow him ?|I 'd rather do paperwork than keep watch over that idiot ! so don 't be late . et cetera .
Unlucky with the weather .|Goodbye , I 'm going .
Ignore the first runner . He 's just holding the dope .|There 's your shot caller .
I don 't fear the oppressors ... Or their house slaves . Take off that badge and gun . I 'll show you how we get down out here , boy .|Give it a rest . You 're not gonna goad my partner into ... It 's been a slow morning , anyway . 50 bucks on my trainee . Got you covered on that one .
I 'm glad I switched our room numbers in the hotel registry ! That 's not fair ! Aren 't you protecting me ? I 'd at least like an explanation . Tomorrow . so can I share yours ? But you have a bed right there .|So cold ...
You want a cup ? I 'll take a beer . That 's not gonna help .|Where are you , son ? Talk to me .
Stupid , it 's just so stupid .|But you know how pride can be ... he didn 't call me to tell me that he was sick . His lover calls me .
But you know how pride can be ... he didn 't call me to tell me that he was sick . His lover calls me .|Anyway ... so , I 'm a little nervous .
It 's a mystery to me how you got in here .|You 're actually kind of cute ! I guess I would have to get someone better to beat you .
You 're actually kind of cute ! I guess I would have to get someone better to beat you .|What do you mean ? Am I being punished ? I want you to die . Are you after the reward ? No .
Maybe that girl wasn 't as innocent as she seemed . I don 't buy it . Trainee 's got a point . Yesterday , raw dogg was ready to start a war to avenge his homeys . We 're missing something . Dinardo agreed to come down to rhd and give a statement .|Is that right ?
Coffee used to be better . A drop of whiskey will fix that right up . I remember . Listen ... one cop to another ... This was a righteous shooting , frank . Brother , I hear you . Trust me ... I don 't care . I saw raw dogg 's rap sheet . Like we used to say ... Nhi , no humans involved .|Nowadays , it 's easier to shoot someone if you 're not police , No I.A. Investigation , trial by media . Damn right . One thing bugs me , though ... One cop to another . You got there first , which means ... You held out on me , dinardo .
I 'll let you have a taste of the pain and sadness I felt then .|Now is the time to avenge my mother and father !
Now is the time to avenge my mother and father !|Die ... Die and repent !
And this ... this is Charlie .|Wow . Thanks .
Wow . Thanks .|I may need money .
We should be talking to his boss . I already have . And I let Mr. barber know that we were less than pleased about his people 's involvement in the case . But there 's much more at stake here . We have a community that needs healing and a public that needs to know that we 're effective . You will not pursue this any further .|Do you understand ? As far as the department is concerned , this investigation is closed .
So , boss , the question is , am I going out there alone ... or are you coming with me ? look at these houses ... no soul .|Like rows of big , stucco gravestones . Used to be horse country and citrus groves out here . Ranchers sold their land , traded in their ponies for jet skis . Groves got paved over with asphalt and sod . What 's the matter , trainee ? Suburbs got you down ? You 're even more stoic than usual . You see someone like Kelly price , and you think , " there 's so much more I could be doing . " She 's the last person who should be dying on the sidewalk . Nobody should be dying on the sidewalk . Not Kelly price , not your old man .
We have an open call . Bring me everybody . New faces . You like any of these women ? You want to bring in a bunch more . It would be really helpful if ... Cindy Crawford . She works with herb enough .|And also , max , talk to me about ... collections . The fall collections . Give me . The cigarette ?
Everyone get away from the facility ! Quickly ! ma 'am ! but where 's Mr. Vash ? He stayed behind . He 's staying there to the end . But there 's no point in his staying behind ! ma 'am ! Get out quickly or you 'll be killed .|What ? ! The plant is activated . Damn ! Did that woman leave me to die with him ? ! That wasn 't our deal !
What ?|What the heck are you ?
What the heck are you ?|What are you doing ? !
What are you doing ? !|This can 't be happening ! It was so hard to get the funds ... We have to run now . But Vash is still in there ! come on ...
Look ! There 's Christian Slater .|I like New York . Do you like New York ? Good night . Take care .
You have a black heart .|On you . Think maybe your pen . Your shirt .
Then who was it ?|Go meet the neighbors .
Aren 't you going ? He really does like to scare people . let 's go organize our papers . Huh ? wait up !|You ... How ? !
Nice to meet you .|The bathroom 's over there .
The bathroom 's over there .|Shit .
Shit .|Sorry for the mess . What mess ?
I have no memory of anything before that except for memories of my childhood .|It wasn 't you ?
I 'm psychic .|Actually , I read the review in the times yesterday . I also saw the tickets on the sink there . You like the Julliard ? Brilliant . I tried to buy some tickets but they were sold out .
Actually , I read the review in the times yesterday . I also saw the tickets on the sink there . You like the Julliard ? Brilliant . I tried to buy some tickets but they were sold out .|I 'm jealous .
We 're blocked up for 2 blocks around at least .|Sorry , there 's nothing I can do about it . I 'm sorry . So ? We 're blocked up for 25 or 30 minutes . I don 't know what to do . 25 or 30 minutes ? God . Geez .
There 's no way I 'll get you there on time .|What about the Williamsburg ? We can 't get to the Williamsburg 'cause we got a parade ... so we won 't go to the Williamsburg . The midtown tunnel 's a few seconds away . After that , we cruise . I don 't know how long this 'll take .
Hi I 'm Chuck . Here are a few things that you might need to know . You think you 've been fighting evil ... doing good ?|You think it was all a coincidence ?
Operation Bartowski is done .|What if we went into business for ourselves ?
What if we went into business for ourselves ?|Hartley turned over all of Volkoff 's assets to us . Our first purchase was the Buy More and everything below it . Freelance spies . Under the radar , above the law .
This is gonna be so much fun .|Nice .
Nice .|I know kung fu .
Even if it was , you know the price of doing business , homey .|I 'm not your homey !
So ? I mean , what is with this accent ?|Is it french ? Is it ... ? You hear my accent . Yeah . It 's dutch , Holland ? You guessed right . German . German .
You bring enough violence into this world ... it will follow you home .|Kyle ! Is he worth it ? That 's what you got to ask yourself . Will he be worth it tomorrow ?
You all right ?|It 's over . Let 's get this .
You talk like an old married couple .|Actually ...
Goddamn New York .|We got a robbery suspect . Male Hispanic .
We just came for the vase . It belongs to our client . You let us have it and maybe we 'll let you live .|You 've fallen into our trap . We work with a master spy , somebody who you can 't see coming .
You idiots . In this town , you don 't build what I have without making friends in some high places . I got insurance measures , you know . So you can go ahead and arrest me . See if it sticks .|The only friends in high places you 're gonna have is the guy on the top bunk in your cell in chino . I bet he 's a real good listener .
If you want to , they 're right here .|No . Come on .
Let 's go .|Hold up .
Wait a minute . We gonna see what sticks .|Alive .
First mission as the Intersect . You can do this .|They need you , Morgan , so get in there , okay , and you be a man .
Keep going , thief , this is fun . The fun 's about to end , because while we 've been standing around chatting , our other master spy has been effortlessly breaching your compound 's security .|I 'm good , I 'm good . He 's heartless , cruel ...
I 'm good , I 'm good . He 's heartless , cruel ...|I 'm so sorry , fishies , about your pond .
We 're both adults . We 're both married . It 's the least I can do .|I 'd like you to stay .
I set the alarm .|See you in the morning .
Bad boy , staying an extra night .|Everything was fine at gram 's ? Yeah , everything 's really good . Right . Good .
So , what else ? Did you approve what happened to him on the inside ?|Yeah . That 's the answer I expected .
Hey , Sean ? Yeah ? Come give me a hand .|You know , it 's tradition to plant a tree for someone you 've lost .
Right here , tough guy .|Here we go .
And we can plant this one for Kelly . Thanks , man .|Tearing stuff down ... That 's easy . Building up ... that 's hard . We try to leave this world a little better than we found it . Remember that .
Who the hell are you ? Charles Carmichael of Carmichael Industries , private contractors , spies for hire . Don 't forget it .|I really thought that the latch was latched , but ...
I really thought that the latch was latched , but ...|Buff that right out . I think we can still make that work .
I wouldn 't count on it , tiger ! Don 't ! Mimi , don 't do that ! We could have been killed here . Warn me the next time you do that .|Chill out , honey . Just a little tweak . I just miss Mr. Puffinstuff .
You know I get antsy taking cases with moral ambiguity .|Guys , come on .
No violence against women . Remember ? You have to sleep at night . Trust me .|You 'll think I 'm stupid , but last night ... after I got your message , I couldn 't stop thinking about New York and how violent it is . I imagined you being mugged .
What precautions ?|What the hell kind of operation is this ?
You 'll hate me . I know what you 'll tell me .|Was it just once ?
Was it just once ?|Was it more than once ?
Hey , Bleek .|Wicked tiger . He looks proud . I swiped it from Ms. Rancik 's lawn .
On the Bluetooth , all day ... how rude . I 'm getting a really good feed from the satellite . The party 's being set up , and the place looks like a fortress . See ? I told you satellite was a good investment . We just got to figure out a way to get into his PDA and invite ourselves to this party .|Let 's talk house , homeboy . What was that ? Did you say house ? Nothing , Sarah . Just hopping off real quick .
Oscar 's not stupid , max .|He can smell it on you . So can I.
He can smell it on you . So can I.|The smoke police 'll have to watch you night and day . Huh , Mr. Sinner ?
What ? I don 't know .|I 'm pregnant .
Hold still .|Oh , my god , yes . I 'm coming .
I just zoomed on his gym bag . Kensington Athletic . It 's like a exclusive squash club . He 's got to have a regular game , right ? That 's fantastic .|Fantastic !
All right , all right . All right , people . We 're doing chromatography lab today .|So find your partners and break into groups of four .
The best .|Honey ?
Like ... very certain .|I tried to access the program , but there was no way to update it .
Welcome to Women Now , where women are trusted friends . Please put your hands where I can see them and surrender any bombs .|Hey , I 'm here for the big show . Your name , please ? Juno MacGuff . She thinks I 'm using a fake name , like Gene Simmons or Mother Teresa .
But in order for those dreams to become a reality , I need this business to succeed , and ... You think the company doesn 't work if you don 't have the Intersect ?|Yeah .
I bought a video .|What kind of video ?
Jesus . What 'd you do last night ? Is that a bruise ?|It 's ink .
I needed a good Ellie speech .|What are sisters for ?
I played some racquetball . I think I can fake squash for half an hour .|I don 't think so . I ...
I don 't think so . I ...|Sweetheart ...
" Zoom " ? It 'll buy me some time . You delay his opponent , take over the job I was gonna do . It 'll be great , right ? What was the job I was gonna do ?|I think I 'm supposed to be playing my game right now . You sure it 's only 2 : 00 ? Mr. Burnham , you just sit here and relax . I will tell you when it 's time . And right now , it is ... not time .
Max , how 's it going ?|I really wish I could , but I can 't right now . How was your trip to New York ? You 're such a bad boy .
You know how I feel about her .|Yeah , yeah . You mentioned it a couple times .
Yeah , yeah . You mentioned it a couple times .|She 's just different .
You 're thinking about adoption ? Yeah , yeah . And there 's this couple , they haven 't had ... They 've been trying to have a kid for five years . We found them in the PennySaver next to exotic birds .|They have a legitimate lawyer , and I was gonna go meet with them next weekend . Junebug , that is a tough , tough thing to do . It 's probably tougher than you can understand right now . No , I know . And it 's just that I 'm not ready to be a mom . Damn skippy . You don 't even remember to give Liberty Bell her breathing meds . That was once . And she did not die , if you recall .
What 's a leatherneck like you doing in the Kensington Club ?|Private security . Me , too . For a turd named Bale . Real scuzzer , but at least it 's a payday . I don 't have to sell you on selling out . Guy with your skills , Casey , you 've got to be raking it in .
Thanks , Dad .|Boy , I thought you were the kind of girl who knew when to say when .
You think one little dart is gonna drop 400 pounds of solid meat ?|You seem like a ... moderately successful individual .
Speaking frankly ... I 'll never put that shit on my reel . It 's not always about art . Wait a minute . Just think about the company . What about the profile ? Did we put this hip show together so I could put ... the green peen on screen ? If it 's just about numbers , fine , go ahead . You do that . I 'm out of here .|What you should do is try to keep accounts ... like the Armani account . Now , see , that 's impressive .
She 's kidding . Junebug has a wonderful sense of humor . Just one of her many genetic gifts . I 'll sit down .|So , Juno , first off , how far along are you ? I 'm a junior .
It was as if I didn 't exist .|I could see myself , and I could hear myself .
Sure . Yeah . Of course , but it 's more than that .|I 'm just realizing how hard it 's going to be without it . I guess I got used to our spy missions being a little bit easier .
I love my wife . I adore my kids , but I wasn 't me anymore .|Just wasn 't me .
Are you looking for any other type of compensation ?|Excuse me ?
But you would know that if you ever bothered to come in and actually manage the store , Grimes . Or you , Bartowski , if you ever bothered to come by and check up on your friends .|Shame !
Now , does that make me any less of a man now ? Not in my opinion .|I guess that 's a question that we should pose to Mimi .
I guess that 's a question that we should pose to Mimi .|Where is that coffee ?
What do you make with it ? You don 't make anything . It 's for exercising .|Yeah , my wife ordered one of those Tony Little Gazelles off the TV . You know , from the guy with the ponytail ?
I know .|Certain shows are educational .
Sounds awesome , but I got my ultrasound . Oh , really ?|Can I ... ? Should I come with you ?
In a minute !|So , honey , here 's the thing .
Yeah . Have you seen the ads for the Titanium Power men 's deodorant ?|Titanium Power Get more snatch by the batch Right . Paid for this kitchen .
Titanium Power Get more snatch by the batch Right . Paid for this kitchen .|You 're quite the sellout , Mark . I mean , what would the Melvins say ?
Somebody has to be getting it , and it sure ain 't me .|She 'd like you to fuck her .
She 'd like you to fuck her .|Really . Really . Or what about Marie ?
Hey , man .|How you doing ?
I 'm definitely making you some CD 's . At least while my kid 's in there .|The Wizard of Gore ? That is Herschell Gordon Lewis . He 's the ultimate master of horror . Please , Dario Argento is so the ultimate master of horror .
Thanks ?|You are something else .
I 'll give Charlie his bath . You may prefer to wait outside .|Stick around .
This isn 't something that I 've ever told anybody .|Hello .
Stick around .|We slept good last night .
Bleeker home ?|Bleeker 's mom was possibly attractive once , but now she looks like a hobbit .
Well , I mean , the guy , he 's awesome . His name 's Mark , and he likes old horror movies and he plays the guitar . We actually hung out this afternoon . Is that normal ?|Probably not , but ...
I 'm really tired . I can 't sleep .|How long can you stay ?
Listen , I talked to Dad and Bren ... And they said they wouldn 't narc you out to your folks ... So I think we should be cool , you know ? That 's a relief .|You know , I 'm gonna ...
Did you come alone ?|Sure .
What about Katrina De Voort ? You could totally go out with Katrina De Voort . I don 't like Katrina . She smells like soup . I mean , have you ever smelled her ? And her whole house smells like soup .|Okay .
Excellent , Casey . Fiber optic cable leads all the way down that hall . That 's probably where the vault is . I 'll need a key card .|I 'm on it .
Okay .|So we have Custard and Cheesecake . They 're yellow .
I think I 'm gonna zoom , okay ? I can feel it coming on ... A little kung fu . I am gonna karate chop this guy in the face .|Do not do that . It 's too soon . Premature zoom ? Really ? Crap ! Okay , what do I do ?
This wall is gonna need something .|Our first family photo right in the middle . Right up there .
Dude , she 's , like , really pretty . You sound , like , totally shocked or something .|She 's totally gonna steal that little kid for her collection . Right ? Seriously .
What a slime bag .|Excellent work , everybody . Casey is on his way to the computer vault . Morgan , Sarah , distraction time .
I can 't feel anything .|It 's not moving for me .
Guys , get out of there ! Mr. Carmichael ?|Darling , I know what you did with my key card .
Darling , I know what you did with my key card .|Come with me now , or I will kill you , in front of all of my friends .
It 's me . It 's Vanessa .|I can 't wait to meet you .
Come with me , Colonel . Oh , I 'm sorry .|You used to be a colonel .
Can you hear me , baby ?|Sweet angel ?
I felt it .|Oh , God . That was magical .
Happy birthday . I didn 't know it was your birthday . Max didn 't tell me .|We have 2 beautiful kids . We couldn 't bring them . I mean , is this okay ? It 's really good to see you .
Your computer . Inside of your computer in seconds . Who are you ?|Carmichael . Charles Carmichael .
We 're getting a stretch limo . Your mom must be pretty stoked that you 're not taking me .|You 're mad . Why are you mad ?
I so much as sneeze , and , you lose all your money .|That was about ten million bucks right there , Rog .
We 've got a home outside of Albany . Oh , Albany . I 've heard of Albany . Don 't we have a friend in Albany ?|We must get back tomorrow , so I thought ... max , if it 's okay with you , I 'll leave you a couple of numbers .
We must get back tomorrow , so I thought ... max , if it 's okay with you , I 'll leave you a couple of numbers .|The cellphone 's on here . I 'll give you the home in case ... anything happens with Charlie . This must be really difficult for you . What ? Watch my brother die , without being able to do anything ?
Is this a pregnant superhero ?|I found it in Japan when I was there with my band . It reminds me of you .
Hells , yeah . This actually makes me feel way less of a fat dork .|Well , Yuki is a real badass . You should be proud to be in the same condition .
How do you think of me ? You know , why are you over here ?|I just like being a piece of furniture in your weird life .
Listen , guys , team , let 's not get down , okay ? Yes , that was not a classically successful mission , but , you know , we all made it out alive , so , that 's a plus .|And the news says that Bale was arrested , so , I think we should put that in the win category . Win with an asterisk maybe .
It 's not that , Chuck .|Okay , what is it then ?
Okay , what is it then ?|Decker froze Bale 's accounts , which included the money we transferred in .
Why are you crying ?|I 'm not crying . I 'm just allergic to fine home furnishings . Hold on . What 's the matter ? What 's the matter ? She 's just a little hormonal . Right , Juno ? It 's part of the process ?
Castle and the Buy More are the only things that aren 't frozen .|Decker froze all of our money because he tracked our deposit back to us .
She liked you , too .|Oh , really .
Oh , really .|So , how is he doing ?
So , how is he doing ?|Not so good .
I got to ...|Look . I 'll be back .
Look . I 'll be back .|Chuck , you found it .
I didn 't do anything .|Just ...
No , it 's okay .|As far as I 'm concerned ... nothing happened .
I 'm so sorry , Sarah .|Well , so what ? We knew this wasn 't gonna be easy , and we didn 't get married because we thought life was easy .
We got married so that we could be there for each other when things got tough . So we could work through things together , rich or poor .|But how are we going to do this ? We got to start over .
Morning , Charlie .|New shift is here .
You know ...|Your shirt is stupid .
Did you get some sleep ?|Kevin is coming at five . Okay ? And I 'll be here this afternoon .
I called Gerta Rauss and she said that she can represent both of us . It 's called a collaborative divorce . It 's all the rage right now , supposedly . It 'll be easy because we don 't have children .|Thanks for making the call , I guess .
The Buy More .|We use the store to support the spy team . We take Buy Mores ' profits , put them into Carmichael Industries until both companies can make money . But in order for that to work , the store actually has to turn a profit .
Well , aren 't you the cool guy ?|I wanted a baby so bad .
And his father says , " always remember , son ... "|" life is an orange . "
That 's the plan .|As you can see , our superiors ' interference in Chuck Bartowski 's life has only just begun .
" life is an orange . "|He ponders . He thinks on the meaning of this phrase his whole life .
I just wonder if , like ... Two people can stay together for good .|You mean like couples ? Yeah , like people in love .
And why he must fail .|You all have your orders .
You all have your orders .|This is the plan .
This is the plan .|It 's final chapter .
Well , it 's not easy . That 's for sure . And I don 't have the best track record in the world , I know . But I 've been with your stepmother for 10 years now ... And I 'm proud to say we 're very happy .|Look ...
You really did it ! Mr. Vash ! Yay to the outlaw who saved the city twice ! ain 't he ? drink up !|Chug ! Chug ! Chug ! Chug !
Envy is a god awful thing . I was just very ... I was pissed ' cause you left ... and didn 't take me with you .|But I couldn 't . I didn 't know how .
But I couldn 't . I didn 't know how .|I know . I just want things to be clean between us .
He really is an unusual guy . everybody 's less tense now that the plant is fixed but they 're the ones who tried to kill him for the reward . You 'd think he 'd be more uncomfortable around them . All he makes is trouble . I think the world would be better off without him . I DISAGREE ! I can handle it ! I am unique for I have a different stomach for cake and ice cream !|She 's kind of unusual too .
I 'm sorry .|It 's okay , baby .
Look ...|In my opinion , the best thing you can do ... Is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are .
I 'll always be there to love and support you ... No matter what kind of pickle you 're in .|Obviously .
Hi .|Hey , did you put like a hundred things of tic tacs in my mailbox ? Oh , yeah . Yeah , that was me .
Wha ? He left ?|Without saying goodbye ? !
You listen to me , okay ? You listen to me right now . I seen too many people lose ... their courage at the last minute .|I 'm not sorry .
I 'm not sorry .|I 'm frightened .
I 'm frightened .|Frightened .
You know , Bleek , I was thinking . And I 'm sorry I was such a huge bitch to you . You don 't deserve it .|It 's okay . You know , it 's okay .
I think I 'm in love with you .|You mean as friends ?
All right .|Your dad was here .
Mine too .|Well , that 's all I could ask for .
You sure don 't look it .|I didn 't call for room service . We 're about to go into Lottenburg Canyon . And ? haven 't you ? most notorious gang the Bad Lad Gang .
I didn 't call for room service . We 're about to go into Lottenburg Canyon . And ? haven 't you ? most notorious gang the Bad Lad Gang .|If I can get you on guard duty I can charge double fare . Say you 'll do it ! see here .
I don 't know .|Who needs a drink ? You want a drink ? You know , actually , I think I 'll take a little walk .
I 'd like to travel more quietly .|Now to catch some more Z 's ! shit !
Dammit ... lookit this blood ! You did that to yourself when you bashed through the vent ! a stranglehold ? That won 't work while you 're in midair . aren 't you ? sir .|My parents died when I was very young ... but it was so horrible there ! my really weird uncle kept trying to get me ...
What 's wrong with Karen ? She 's had too much to drink . She fell dancing .|Very strange . Let 's have little Charles tonight !
Do you want some of this ?|Still don 't look happy , max .
Please ... don 't turn me in !|I 'm dead ! Nobody 's dumb enough to buy such a lame story ! It 's the worst one I ever came up with !
My sole salvation is she doesn 't realize how sharp she is .|Vash ! you know . boss . growing boy ! but your eyes are speaking . " I 'm starving to death !
That 's the Bad Lad Gang !|What the hell is that ? ! We don 't need no pissant cars !
But you Here is the church and here is the steeple We sure are cute for two ugly people Don 't see what anyone can see in anyone else|But you We both have shiny happy fits of rage I want more fans you want more stage Don 't see what anyone can see in anyone else
I came all this way ...|I 'm sorry !
How was it ?|I wonder why you can 't make it .
But you We both have shiny happy fits of rage I want more fans you want more stage Don 't see what anyone can see in anyone else|But you You 're always trying to keep it real And I 'm in love with how you feel I don 't see what anyone can see in anyone else
I think it was you , Ducks .|You gotta be kidding .
You gotta be kidding .|Caesar ? Caesar , you know me . What kind of fucking idiot would I have to be to try that with you ?
So on the first evening on the first evening ... It 's a song . ... a pebble from somewhere ... It 's a song . ... a pebble from somewhere drops upon the world . ... drops upon the world . I hear a song .|So on the second evening the children of the pebble join hands and compose a waltz .
So on the second evening the children of the pebble join hands and compose a waltz .|I 'm so excited !
We 'll get a dog and buy one .|With dogs it means you can get a meal .
The meaning of life ?|Vash ?
To say a few words .|Who the hell would have a cell phone in here ?
Maria !|Paul ? PAUL : Maria ? Paul , it 's me . Dr. Sobel . Maria ?
Paul ? PAUL : Maria ? Paul , it 's me . Dr. Sobel . Maria ?|Tony ?
Boss ! and a big one at that . would you ? It isn 't possible to ! Not a single person on this ship knows the combination to the safe ! the coded interlocking key is in the city !|It 's not here !
It 's not here !|I see . Thanks for telling me .
No reaction at all . I want to do some neuropsychological testing , okay ?|Sure .
What ? what are you doing ? Isn 't that the brake ? We 're sworn to protect the passengers of this ship ! I can 't go against that !|Even if it kills me !
Something more expensive ?|Rice with chicken and eggs .
Rice with chicken and eggs .|Anything will do .
If he thinks I think he 's crazy , he 's crazier than I think he is .|Locked up , he 's of absolutely no use to us . But back on the street , Vitti has enough juice to be a threat to both families . It 's like throwing gasoline on a fire .
Oh , God . Oh , God . Give me a break . She 's faking .|What ? Nobody sounds like that .
Water ?|Sake .
So ...|Paul , do you mind ?
I wanted to ask you how to steer this huge clunker .|I don 't know the layout of the console but you need to regulate the amount of CO2 sent to the heating plant and monitor the stress on the boiler . The light and heat to the hydro plant also needs to be regulated constantly . Experience is vital .
Shall we look for dogs tomorrow ?|No use trying at the factories .
It 's been accelerating kind of funny ...|Why don 't you just take the goods and split ?
Get over here . Come on , what did I do ? What did I do that you 're mad at me ?|Come on .
How come we 're wrecking the whole ship all of a sudden ? ! That wasn 't part of our deal ! kid . Are you misunderstanding something ?|I won the goods on this ship so why do I have to answer to you before I collect ? !
Please ... Anything but the ship ! don 't be a fool . Shut up and do what he says !|Never .
Let it go !|I feel wonderful .
Son of a ... Pardon me ! or you 'll get hurt !|Boss ! Sampson was in a passenger cabin !
Boss ! Sampson was in a passenger cabin !|Ouch !
Ouch !|What 's he supposed to be ? This is going to be fun ! doggies ! Fetch me a souvenir ! Make it something beautifully gorgeous !
Get him some rice .|Good ?
That must hurt , huh ? Wait a minute . I have something for that .|I hate to see people in pain . Get him out of here .
What about Vitti ? He 's a hard man to kill .|But he 's not immortal .
This is news ? And for that you need a doctor degree ?|What do you do for him ?
No ! you scoundrel !|It gets monotonous being told to do that .
I 'll try that place .|Come after me later , you two .
That 's Mrs. LoPresti . Patti . Patti , I 'm Ben Sobel .|Paul Vitti is very important to this family . We don 't want to see you turning him into a stroMboni .
You only have one thing to do . Speed it up .|Damn !
Then do the right thing . Understand ? Yes . Yes , I do .|Goodbye .
It 's not my business !|Not mine , either !
I don 't care .|Me neither !
I meditate diligently every morning . The subjects are life and love .|I quit after 3 seconds .
I quit after 3 seconds .|I also train diligently . farewell . Vash ! would you ? Let 's go !
I also train diligently . farewell . Vash ! would you ? Let 's go !|Right ! It is also my mission to teach the precious value of peace to the children who will one day own the world . ow ! ma 'am . Mr. Vash is being put in strangleholds by the children again .
Shall we stay at an inn without eating ?|Or shall we sleep here after eating ?
Eating !|Food !
That makes 10 misses out of 10 . you know ! Try a little harder ! I believe this strategy is far too difficult ! it 's Neil !|Neil ! Wanna join in ?
Hi . I only have a 20 , so could I get change ? Ten , five , singles would be great . Thank you .|What ... ? I ... I ...
Thank you . Listen , this is my meter money , I don 't have any more bills , so ...|Where 's Jelly ?
Mind the cold .|It 's pouring .
Three o 'clock in the morning , about eight hours from now ... we 're gonna hijack that truck .|Everybody look at the map . This is where we 're gonna be .
Are you fucking kidding me ? Move the truck !|Where you going ?
And what are you doing here ? Can 't you tell ? I 'm helping out . And why is that ? It 's only natural to help those in need .|Here you go ! All done ! I 'm sorry . I 'm asking so much of you ...
Where you going ?|It 's a setup !
We just ate here .|Thank you !
On my command , get the drivers back in the trucks . You 're gonna take the rear . I 'm gonna take the point . We 're gonna back these fuckers out of here .|What the fuck ? They 're lifting the truck ! They 're lifting the fucking truck !
You 've grown , haven 't you ?|Remember me ?
Remember me ?|You still look young .
What 're you doing to my mom ? ! please ! you 're long past your deadline . we can 't make any money either . things being as they were I talked them out of it with a little of His gospel .|Once I asked the lady ... leaving his debt behind . she keeps the place running . Even the little boy is desperate to help his mother .
Son of a bitch ! SOLDIER : Ah !|Hold on ! Hold on , Harold ! Hold on ! Going over .
She 's gone .|What happened ?
It 's not too late . You don 't have to do this . Let 's go .|What a day for my balls .
So long , Mr. Vitti .|I can 't take it anymore !
You 'll be late for school .|Noisy !
Hey ! You still up ?|The lady gave us a present ! Care for a glass ?
Wake up !|Please take care of them .
Sorry about all this ...|I didn 't mean to force you into it . You planned it from the start ! didn 't I ?
You haven 't found a job yet ?|Not a chance for me .
This time you fucked with the wrong shrink ! You want a fresh one ?|This session is over .
This session is over .|Son of a bitch . Ram it !
I hope it 's the same with me .|Have you eaten ?
Drop your fucking guns !|Drop your weapons , now !
Whoa . We got in some amazing gunmen this year .|Get a load of that gun ! This 'll be great !
You too , doc . BEN : Well ... You hung in there . It took a lot of balls . I did what I had to .|You were a monster . I seen the beast in you . A lot of misplaced aggression , that 's all . Listen . I 'm gonna send you after people that I don 't like . Give them a little psychology , then beat them up .
What was that ? He can 't hit a single one . Damn !|Vash is in the tournament ? ! You think he 's any good ? over there !
Did she say anything about me ?|No , she didn 't .
He 's a lost cause .|Holy crap !
No , she didn 't .|Kimiko has a mother . That 's very nice .
You 're Vash the Stampede all right . I 'm standing out too much . It 'll make the going easier . Keep knocking ' em dead . too . Say what ? present ? or be disqualified ! What the hell did you sign me up for ? ! it 'll boost the chances of winning . What ? !|Mr. Priest Man ! man ...
Lions are stronger than tigers .|The strongest is King Kong .
This may sound silly but I wish I were a child .|We 'll both start over .
I can 't do that . What ?|So that 's how it is . you really are very good . Would you eliminate Vash the Stampede with your superb gunmanship for me ?
The last six . No more bets .|All bets are down .
For a woman aged 27 or 28 is this neckpiece too plain for her ?|Nice , isn 't it ?
What do you mean " nice " ?|I think it 's ... poetic .
She should 've come by now .|I wonder what happened to her .
She didn 't come today , either .|Maybe she isn 't here anymore .
So you 're married . You have any kids ?|No and we 'll never have any . That 's life .
But it 's so big ! Let 's do this ! ma 'am !|Thanks ! don 't kill them !
I changed my mind .|Everybody changes his mind nothing wrong with that .
Then you didn 't have to strain that much .|I thought you were the type who 'd live properly .
You 're a really nice person .|That 's because you 're charming .
Why did you contact me , Carter ? Got a lot of questions . Well , you managed to lose your tail . That 's quite a feat . Those CIA boys spend a lot of time learning how to be invisible . You think Snow is my only problem ? Is there another agency following you I 'm not aware of ?|You 've got an entire N.Y.P.D. Task force looking for you . I had to run two lights just to make sure my own people weren 't trailing me .
You 're wrong !|That sort of money would never save her .
Go back to your daughter .|You 'll get money some other way .
It 's your choice .|I 'll be in touch .
I 'll be in touch .|You look worried , Finch .
You look worried , Finch .|Did your tailor move out of the city ?
You 're asking the wrong person .|Back to your old habits again ?
What rotten luck .|Who is it ? Room service . It 's Victor . Idiot !
I 'll forget that . But I won 't lend you any more .|I 'm sorry !
Does he know which end to put it in ? Anyway , who cares . Let 's see ...|There 's about 35,000 francs here .
Will you take this to Kimiko 's mother ?|I 've found Kimiko and her mother .
There 's about 35,000 francs here .|How much did he win on his last round ? Just over 10,000 .
She 's talking to someone and keeping it on the down low . Working something on her own .|I 'll keep that in mind .
FINCH : Any guesses about who 'd wanna kill our attorney ? Guy who tried to attack her looked like he 'd done time . Could be an angry former client .|Excuse me .
Excuse me .|We need to get her files , see if the assailant is one of her clients .
Who do I make the check out to ? Good question . Make it out to the Geneva Import Co .|We haven 't used it for a while .
I wanted to help somebody .|Who ?
Who ?|That woman 's child .
I 'll be there as soon as I can .|Half day , Finch ?
That woman 's child .|Why must you take care of that child ?
It would be nice to leave a note . Excellent idea !|Shall I dictate ?
Sorry it didn 't work out .|Maybe we could meet again sometime .
You could use some rest before I lecture you on the perils of underground gambling . That 'd be great . I 've been up 48 hours . My cellmate snored like a freight train .|Happy you 're home , Will . Sorry you had to bail me out again . FINCH : Well , it 's good to have you back , either way .
Once , I even considered killing myself and the kids .|She 's a woman . I couldn 't stand to see her suffer .
There 's just a lot of prying eyes around this place . You 're getting paranoid , Carter . That 's a step in the right direction .|ANDREA : So you want to sue your boss . Wonderful . Uh ... We can absolutely do that , um ... What , uh ?
She 's a woman . I couldn 't stand to see her suffer .|If you had kids ... you 'd understand .
You wanted money for that ? Why didn 't you tell me ?|If you 'd told me , I could have managed something .
Oh .|Chris did me a big favor by picking him up from the foster family 's place . When are you coming home , Daddy ? I don 't like my room . Andrea 's gonna get me out sooner than you know . ANDREA : That 's right , buddy . Jacob , go over and , uh , hang with Chris for a minute , let me finish talking to Andrea .
I 'll tell you only if I don 't wind up getting called to a crime scene . Understood ?|You have my word , detective .
You 'll end up in a wheelchair !|Obese !
And then this happened .|The 10 days since you got me the job ... have been the happiest time of my life .
Could be our friend from last night decided to take the day off .|Finch , I see him .
The European Congress of Odontology .|They look pretentious enough to be good prey . What if our dentist 's there ? I had my teeth cleaned just to make sure .
Heh , you stole a dead guy 's wallet ? He tried to kill Andrea Gutierrez last night . And he was gonna try again . Garcia had just under , what , 10 grand on him ? My guess it 's a payoff for a hit . Who 'd wanna kill her ?|I 'm working on it . LOU : I can 't pay you this month , Galuska . If I don 't get my cut , I bet I could find a dozen parole violations throw you back inside .
What if the security guard catches us ? I can tell him that i 'm working overtime .|The desk is not long enough .
LOU : That 's ten percent , okay ? DOMINIC : When I got you thisjob our deal was 30 percent of your paycheck . Don 't you cheap out on me , Lou . REESE : Hey , Dominic !|Where 's my money ?
Is this a joke ?|Haif and half . What do you mean ? I like you but this is also a joke .
Put a spark in his heart . There 's illusion in the forest . It 's burning , burning the past . There 's wind and storm in the forest , you can no longer see the fire .|There 's a lost youth .
There 's a lost youth .|He came to this world naked .
What ?|Take your time .
Like your parolee Alonso Garcia .|Guy got run over in Red Hook this afternoon . Couldn 't have happened to a nicer guy . Did you know Mr. Garcia tried to kill Andrea Gutierrez two nights ago ? Like I said , couldn 't happen to a nicer guy . I can 't for the life of me figure out what kind of grudge Alonso Garcia would have against Ms. Gutierrez . Can you ?
I wish one day that i can do this on a fancy desk . This desk is fine .|You were fired , and you said you left in glory . I did well in my probation period .
He sold me out . You didn 't bribe him ? I gave him the ten dollars i had in my pocket . He kept saying ' thank you ' to me . And also helped pick up the documents on the floor . I told him to leave , the lady had to get dressed . He left and brought the police .|So he called the police soon before .
The others don 't exist .|But I bet you 're getting paid for all of them . Enough , Paul . You shut your mouth .
A little . How much ? Ten ... fifteen thousand ?|Twelve thousand .
What ID do you want ?|I think I 'll be Russian . Sissi Petrovna . Sissi Petrovna ! Can 't you pick an easier one ?
Gloria Copeland left work early . She isn 't the one shredding the documents . Galuska 's got a different contact at DFS .|Andrea , what are you doing here ? Terrence is being transferred to Attica in the morning .
Did the cops beat you up ? They only laughed at me .|I was worried for the whole night , you would usually call me if you stay out . Sorry , mom .
Oh . What do you want me to do about it ? Call his caseworker , Chris . Tell her to contact the judge who made the order . The transfer is not in the best interest of the child .|I can 't do that .
I was worried for the whole night , you would usually call me if you stay out . Sorry , mom .|I 'm glad you are being honest .
Your dad didn 't lie to me if he did something wrong .|I 'm not like him , mom . I won 't leave you behind and run off to Nanyang like he did .
I 'm not like him , mom . I won 't leave you behind and run off to Nanyang like he did .|You must be tired , go take a nap . I 'ii wake you up when it 's time to eat .
I 'll call once in a while . At midnight . I certainly hope so .|I 'm off to bed . I 'm leaving early .
It 's alright even if you don 't have a job , i can support you .|Sit down , mom .
Sit down , mom .|We have a customer .
You need more practice , kid .|The same thing .
Well , I had you and your complicated job to save me .|You ever think of having a less hazardous profession ? Like mountain climbing or bear wrestling ? Is it worth risking your life for people you don 't know ? You 're not the only one who believes in second chances .
Lots and lots of onions .|What do I owe you ?
Thank you .|WILL : Hey , Uncle Harold .
Men who cheat . For a woman , the number of men she has a physical relationship with ? This ... i think it depends on her capacity .|Capacity ?
Capacity ?|Nixon or Humphrey ? Which one you like ?
I went to the movie with a date once , we were sitting on the last row . I got a bit excited in the meantime , and i began to stroke her hair . She told me to watch out for her fake hair .|I thought you weren 't coming .
Can we all just gather around real quick ?|Okay . Um , so I understand this has been an incredibly long and difficult day for everyone . There 's a lot to take in . But I need to remind you all exactly where we are . This is an incredibly dangerous place . We 're in the middle of nowhere . If something happens to you here , it 's so hard for us to get help . We 're still working on getting information with regards to what caused Tommy 's death . At this stage , we 're hearing it was a fall that he suffered , so ... that 's all we 're getting right now . Um ... but I need to know if you guys have made up your mind . I need to know who wishes to stop right now and leave .
When it 's my turn to use " the Oid Master " , you 're taking your date out on a ride . Mary is your girlfriend too . Weii i haven 't slept with her .|How 's the Oid Master ?
Whoa . What is that ?|Stay close to me , okay ?
Stay close to me , okay ?|Hello ?
I didn 't give a damn . They called me the Queen of waiting i 'ii be fully content if i could read a Chiung Yao fiction .|I 'd hit his hand every time he stretches his hand over . I said i won 't let you take any advantage of me ... And later he told me that he 's not trying to do anything , he just wanted me to hit his hand .
Whoa . Hey , come here !|What the hell is this ? This is like cave art or something .
What the hell is this ? This is like cave art or something .|What the hell ?
I read a story that two buddies would use the service of the same prostitute . Have you waited for long ? No .|Zhang Chun asked me why ain 't i sleeping with you ?
Don 't touch me !|When she says not to touch her , I wouldn 't touch her . Who was here ? Who was here ? What happened ? We 've been with her . She 's not making any sense . We don 't know what 's wrong . This is how she 's been . She hasn 't given us a clear answer with anything .
Wait . Stop . Stop . Stop . Is it gone ?|What was that ? Is it gone ? Is it gone ? I don 't know . I don 't know . Turn off the lights . The lights , the lights !
You guys are all gonna die .|I know .
Well , I don 't know if my shop is really the right place for this . There 's not a lot of space on the counter . Yeah , this wouldn 't work . Mostly ' cause I 'm only validated for another 27 minutes . Anyway , I thought I 'd just come by and introduce myself and just make sure that you 're comfortable with all this . Honestly , I 'm a little nervous . But that 's why I want to do this , so I won 't be nervous anymore . Good for you . So how about tonight ? Tonight ? Isn 't that kind of quick ? You 're 32 . You 're right . Tonight 's good . Great . Great . I 'll just need your address and we 're good to go .|So , was this your major in college ? Pretty much . This and Frisbee .
I am not a racist . I just made a joke .|How did we even end up on guns ? We were talking about the weather . You give Ed any topic and he can get to guns in six moves . It 's cloudy outside . Clouds make rain . Dustin Hoffman played Rain Man . Dustin Hoffman 's a Jew . All Jews are liberals . Liberals want to take away my guns . Ha , I did it in five .
How did we even end up on guns ? We were talking about the weather . You give Ed any topic and he can get to guns in six moves . It 's cloudy outside . Clouds make rain . Dustin Hoffman played Rain Man . Dustin Hoffman 's a Jew . All Jews are liberals . Liberals want to take away my guns . Ha , I did it in five .|Now do cotton candy . Cotton candy ? I love cotton candy . Anybody who tries to take away my cotton candy gets shot with my gun . One .
Wen Rou .  Wen Rou ? Last name wen , first name Rou .|Strange name . I think it 's great . But a bar girl like me can 't have a name like that . Why not ? If you 're too gentle , you will be bullied .
I 'm frivolous , but I 'm not perverse .|I bet I can get him to invite us to dinner .
I 'm not a professional sex surrogate . What ? I 'm a therapist . I 'm a colleague of Kate 's . Last night was my first time , too . As a sex surrogate ? Oh , yeah , obviously not the other part . Wow . Okay . Let me just process this . You know what ? It 's actually a relief . I mean , when I thought you were a professional , I was afraid you 'd slept with tons of women .|Yeah .
So if you 're not a surrogate , does that mean we 're allowed to keep seeing each other ? How the hell would I know ? I 'm not a professional . I would love to . I 'm just not sure Kate would be too thrilled about it . Why does Kate have to know ?|First the sex , then the secrets . What 's next ?
So how much do you charge for a belt ? I don 't charge . I barter . Yesterday , I traded one for a dog . And then I traded the dog for a guitar . And then the guitar for a dog leash . What do you need the leash for ? To walk the dog .|Oh , bummer .
I 'ii send someone to tow the car tomorrow morning .|Thank you .
Oh , hey , beauty . I just saved both your asses . Thank you so much . What are you talking about ?|Oh , my God . You got a tattoo ? Damn right I did . Mine says " sacrifice . " Now I can tell your dad it was my idea that we all got matching tattoos . He 'll be mad at me , not you . And he won 't strangle you with one of your belts .
I 'm alone among all these dentists , and being pursued by an awful Italian widow .|You 'd be doing me a service as a fellow Frenchman . You 're too kind . We 'd be pleased to offer our protection . The pleasure is mine .
Three , please .|Thank you .
They wouldn 't act , so I decided I would .|But I needed a partner . Someone with the skills to intervene .
Once he caught on , he was great .|He graciously accepted my request .
OPERATOR : 911 , what is your emergency ? MAN 1 : I got a flat tire . WOMAN : They won 't turn their music down . MAN 2 : I just know he 's sleeping with her .|DARREN : Please help me . It 's my brother , they shot him . Please send someone . RECORDING : We 're sorry . All circuits are busy .
Hey , Finch . Any chance your machine gave us the number a few days late ? No . Why ? REESE : I had to crawl through police tape to get inside Darren 's apartment . The library may have been compromised , but I assure you the machine was not . Whatever happened there , Darren 's situation must be ongoing .|Looks like a home invasion . So whose blood is on the floor ?
I like her too .|That 's the first time i saw a Benz .
That 's the first time i saw a Benz .|She 's so attractive , i like her .
Wen Rou , it 's a good name .|If you love her , i won 't getjeaious .
I have my ways .|Excuse me . Lisa ?
Sorry , I 'm running late . I already told the police everything I know about Travis and those guys . I 'm not a cop .|I 'm looking for Darren McGrady . Travis ' little brother .
Guy like you , coming out of shadows , looking for bad guys ? You 'd fit right in at the comic book store . Couple blocks that way . They hang out there .|Thanks .
And the owner is the prettiest .|Where 's your friend ? Who ? Zhang Chun ? He 's not here . I thought he 's your colleague . Him ? He knows nothing about cars , he 's a clerk . Are you talking behind my back , David ?
We flew here two days ago .|No . You 've been here for ten days . I asked at the desk .
Sorry .|WOMAN  : All units , please respond to shots fired in the vicinity of Crown and ... Didn 't know cops could pick and choose which calls to answer .
I 'ii pick you up at seven at your gate .|Yes ?
How ?|Wait a minute . Where we going ?
Zhang Chun . Yes .|Piease sit down .
Piease sit down .|Name , age , origin , blood type , marital status .
You have to admire the beauty of the thing .|The warm , subtle intermingling of cheese melted in white wine .
FUSCO : Detective Fusco .|You 're kidding me . When ?
Reiigion , none . Beiief , none . Idol , none .|I asked my eldest son once , who 's his idol . He told me he had none . I wanted to cry in my room .
The warm , subtle intermingling of cheese melted in white wine .|Not forgetting the white wine ... cool and fruity .
Yo , Hops and Barley .|Looking for a couple punks . Curtis and Trim . You know them ?
But instead you 're out wandering the land , helping people . So now I 'm paying you to help me .|I 'm not for hire .
TRIM : What 's he doing , man ? Yo , yo , hey . Keep your dirty ass away from my clean car . Yo , I didn 't hire you to just sit here and watch .|When are we gonna take them down ? We 've already started . Step one : Observe . The most efficient way to lose a fight is to act without knowing your enemy . TRIM : Oh . Pay day , old man .
Are you sleeping , are you sleeping ? Brother John , Brother John . Morning bells are ringing , morning bells are ... where 's mom ?|Mom . Looking for me ? What is it ?
Mom . Looking for me ? What is it ?|What 's wrong ? Don 't move .
I realize I overestimated the possibilities of this operation .|But it doesn 't happen very often .
You don 't understand .|I don 't think he intends to come back .
Now we know who 's weak , who 's in charge and how to hurt them . What 's step six , man ? Well , that 's the fun part . Come on .|Yo , you think Brick 's gonna talk ? Brick is cool . Andre will protect him . Andre will take care of all of us , long as we take care of him .
Wen Rou .|Wen Rou .
On the people he works for .|You really want to know what I think ?
He didn 't give you the combination ?|He may be in love but he 's not crazy .
So who killed Travis McGrady ?|Right now , your life is worth a half a million dollars .
Let 's go .|If it was me , i would have closed my eyes . Let 's go .
Don 't let me down .|You 're the most perverse creature I know .
" Shootout on Busy Street Last Night " " weapon missing "|Someone 's taking his time , maybe he has hemorroids . Right !
I bet that the room next door is the iadies' washroom of Deji Trading . Couid be .|Strange , but those girls were never interested in us . Go to hell . My wife loves bean sprouts .
You sound like my uncle Harold .|I do ? Who 's he ? My dad 's best friend , Harold Wren ? Are you sure you two never met ? No . We haven 't .
I 'm confident in your success . I need something from you .|My employee Brick is being held by your people without a charge . I need you to get him out . Unless that 's not covered by your protection .
Don 't make any more blunders .|He 's leaving tonight .
Are you serious ? Sure , I do it all the time .|Not me . It would be like a ball and chain .
I was on the phone with her brother , he informed that my staff is dating his sister .|He 's not old fashioned , he 's nothing against his sister dating a white collar But he likes people who know their roles in life . He asked me to tell you not to see his sister again .
Then what ? Hmm ? Go after Andre 's bosses ? The corrupt cops and the politicians that let them operate ? You won 't be able to stop until you destroy everyone you blame for taking your brother 's life . It won 't bring him back .|You 'll just wind up in jail or dead .
I got a tip . You wanna go fishing ?|Yeah , sure , why not ?
Stop seeing wen Rou .|You can go now .
I see you got it in you . Yeah , you got that conviction .|It 's a hard quality to find around here .
That 's our credit card number .|Why fill your head with useless numbers ?
Wen Rou .|Zhang Chun .
Now , you made it all the way here . Go ahead and claim that reward .|Claim it . Come on , come on now .
Claim it . Come on , come on now .|I thought that might happen .
Move !|Go around back .
Go on ! I don 't want to spend an eternity here .|See you in a minute .
Let 's get your bags . Sissi 's already there . I can hardly wait to see her ! Be so good as to let go of my arm . I feel like I can 't walk on my own .|Sissi , darling , look who 's here !
Fusco . You okay ? Yeah , just peachy .|OFFICER : Watch your head .
This is a great place , i should bring David here , see if he can find anything useful for the Oid Master . You 've said that several times . Where are you taking me tonight ?|You 've been every where .
You 've been every where .|What about the cafes ? You wanna go ? Do they welcome females ? I 've never been to those . If you 're brave enough , i 'ii take you . I want to go to aii the places you 've been . Reaiiy ? Couid i ?
I wanted to thank you for your honesty and your loyalty . Equalled only by your brains and skill .|We 're not going to argue here .
Just when I thought you were sticking around . Manhattan , you know . Got a little claustrophobic . And a job 's come up in Sudan .|I 'll be sorry to lose you again .
Ask your friend if he can free you for half an hour so we can resolve this once and for all . Don 't worry . It 's been resolved once and for all . You don 't work with someone all this time without accounts to settle . I owe her money .|Forget it ! Can I say something or am I just a plaything in the hands of two superior beings ?
Shall we go to my hotel ? Alright . But I 'll only give you an hour , no more !|Take care of the bags .
This is better .|Thanks .
You 're a romantic , my dear Maurice .|Politics are just a game .
Thanks .|Which , uh , reminds me . I pulled some strings . You 'll be starting at that charter school .
Come on , kid , they 're waiting for you inside . DARREN : All right , man .|What 's up , Fusco ? Hey , man . I think you 're gonna need a bullet in that other cheek to even out that limp . Good to see you too .
I have faith in you Betty . You 're complicated and perverse , but you 'd never betray me .|You 're as sure of yourself as a Latin lover .
He 'll be furious ! No , because I 'll give him his attache case .|He 'll be so relieved he won 't notice he 's lost something in the exchange . What ?
He 'll be so relieved he won 't notice he 's lost something in the exchange . What ?|You .
What ? You think i 'm too aggressive ?|What are you doing ?
Apricot Temptation . Perfect . That 's the one . I don 't look too much like Madonna ? Oh , I don 't know. lt depends on what Madonna looks like this week .|So which one do you wanna order ?
So which one do you wanna order ?|Well , let me sleep on it , okay ?
You 're really sure of yourself .|I could easily run off with him .
Yeah , neither can my body .|You do this every morning ?
You 're a woman ?|Come ! There 's a woman here ! A woman !
Come ! There 's a woman here ! A woman !|What do you want to do ?
What do you want to do ?|Don 't let them leave .
I 'll reverse the numbers .|Either I 'm a genius or this guy is the biggest fool of all times .
We could always ask him .|It doesn 't work that way .
It 's my pleasure . Please don 't get me wrong .|I 'll keep this within easy reach .
Be reasonable , Colonel .|Don 't touch her ! I 'll give you the attache case !
Pardon me , but your invitation came to us in a rather cavalier manner .|Yes , no doubt ...
Are you sure you don 't want a drink ?|Are you sick ?
There 's not a lot of coaches in Fort Worth , so when he offered to take me on , I moved in with him and his wife . And what about your family ? Well , my mom visits when she can , but I 've got two sisters . And everyone 's already given up more than enough to further my career .|Like what ?
Well , a lot of people 's futures are riding on how my career goes . That is a lot of pressure .|Team Trisha .
Especially this recording . Do you know it ?|Mirella Freni , Placido Domingo ... And Sinopoli conducting . It 's intensely dramatic , which suits my taste .
You 're not coming ?|You 've all gone nuts !
Now let me ask you a question : If you weren 't here right now , where would you be ?|Happy belated birthday , Donna .
Yes , I am .|You 're clever too .
I don 't like people like you .|I don 't like you , Zhang Chun .
Brenda , I can 't believe you would sell him something so pricey . I didn 't put a gun to his head . And don 't look now , but it does appear the customers are very satisfied .|What 's her problem ? She just resents the fact that I 'm getting good at my job . So things are going pretty good for you , huh ? Yeah. I mean , the power to persuade someone to buy something they didn 't even know they wanted , there 's nothing like it in the world . Nothing ?
I couldn 't feel the ice . Hey , every skater has a bad day . You 're entitled . What about the finals ?|You finished fifth , honey .
I 'll take your word for it .|Perfect . Gilbert , would you take Miss Petrovna to Maurice ?
And that 's it ? Listen , why don 't you go to Texas for a while , huh ? Spend some time there with your parents . Decide really if you wanna gear up for ' 94 .|I 'll see you at home .
Tell me about it . So you guys doing an interview ? I think that 's great . No , actually , it 's more of a date .|That 's nice too .
Zhang Chun .|Zhang Chun .
Well , I 'd love to , but I really have to stay here and grease the Linotype machine .|But you go ahead . Have a nice lunch .
I was wondering when you were getting back . Joyce . How have you been , stranger ? Did you get everything you need ? Bought half the store , thanks to your protege here . So I see . You know , this is a little trendy , but I really like this . You know what it needs , though ?|These are a little extreme , but I know that you can pull it off .
If you ring up that sale , you get to take home the commission . Well , Joyce has always been my customer . Yes , well , I waited on her for over an hour .|Look , sweetie . We 're coming off the worst Christmas ever , and business is in the toilet . I have a car payment to make , and this is just the way it 's gonna be .
Why did you do that ?|It was hardly a pleasure , as you can well imagine .
Oh , Brandon , I 'm sorry . Look , couldn 't this start tomorrow ? No , no , forget it .|You 've spent the last nine years working for this , Trisha .
I 've been calling your name . He blocked me , i couldn 't see you . I have to see you again .|You 've ruined me , it 's my fault .
It was hardly a pleasure , as you can well imagine .|But he was so dishonest and exceptionally stupid .
He worked twelve years for us . He made good money . We 're not cheap .|What got into him ? He really blew a fuse .
You know what we could try ?|A triple flip .
A triple flip .|You 're determined to be the death of me , aren 't you ? But just let me show you what I can do . You 'll see .
Whatever happened with that girl this morning , it 's not the end of the world , is it ?|She was something special , huh ?
She was something special , huh ?|Let me put it to you this way , Dad : I didn 't even try to kiss her .
Zhang Chun ...|Zhang Chun
Zhang Chun|Zhang Chun
So where did lmelda Marcos go ? She 's outside feeding her meter . Now , are you taking notes on this ? She is the kind of woman that we dream about . She knows exactly what she wants , she isn 't afraid to shell out money for quality merchandise , and she has good taste , but not too discriminating . She 's a very quality person and she treats herself accordingly . And I 'm also very proud to say that this looks like it could be the largest single commission in what is turning out to be a very good year . Now , watch how I button this down . Too late . Oh , well .|Oh , please , let us take care of that . And let me have the girl get you another cappuccino . No , thank you . You know , I 'm standing here looking at this belt , and I 'm thinking : I don 't really need this .
Oh , please , let us take care of that . And let me have the girl get you another cappuccino . No , thank you . You know , I 'm standing here looking at this belt , and I 'm thinking : I don 't really need this .|No. I mean , it isn 't you . And I 'm wondering if I need all those blouses . I don 't know . You just have such good taste .
You know him ?|After all these years ?
After all these years ?|Could I stay a month ?
He thought nobody was here .|The little brains he had , he used to plan the trip .
OK !|Her name 's Yuma ?
He was sweating bullets .|It was pitiful .
She 's Yoko 's daughter|She looks like her
It was pitiful .|You don 't have much pity .
You were wonderful .|Trisha , congratulations . It 's moments like this that make all the years of hard work and sacrifice worth it . Definitely , of course it is . But to tell you the truth , I do miss those burritos . Well , that wraps up the ladies ' competition here in Salt Lake .
And I took no pleasure in it .|I had to make him talk .
And he talked without much coaxing .|The spike in the eye worked like a charm .
The spike in the eye worked like a charm .|He told us everything . Everything !
About Sissi , about you . He told us about his life , the life of his parents , his sister , his little nephews .|And we couldn 't ...
Shut him up .|The words flowed as freely as his gray matter .
The words flowed as freely as his gray matter .|Poor boy .
Don 't do that . Okay , so maybe you are the man .|Sorry , it 's just ... it 's been a day . Oh , and I dropped my purse in there twice . So if you find a really expensive moisturizer on the floor next to the toilet , it 's yours . So you 're finished taking the bar . How did it go ? Who am I kidding ? It 's you . You nailed it ! Um , do you know when Danny will be home ? Uh , no . He 's with Amy and her dad . Wait , why are you looking for Danny ? Oh , um , no reason . I just wanted to talk to him about something . About what ? About the test ? Why won 't you talk to me about the test ? Clearly , I 'm interested . Please notice how many times I 've asked . No offense , it 's just something I 'd rather talk to him about . How is that not offensive ? Because we have a different kind of friendship . Hey , I can be a different kind of friend . What are you looking for ? Supportive ? Playful ? Dangerous ?
Is that semaphore ?|You 've got to tell me the moment you see a ship !
Excuse me .|That 's enough , kitten .
A strange hobby ...|A hobby ? I 'm picking up gifts From who ?
Thank you . Okay . That wasn 't so hard . So should we sit down ? Maybe make some tea ? I 'm not quite sure how this works . Uh , I 'm devastated . So you get the results ? Well , I failed . I never know if that actually means yes or a no . Ben , I never even took the test . Wait , then how do you know you 're pregnant ? Pregnant ? ! Why would I be pregnant ? Well , I assumed it involved alcohol and some poor judgment , but maybe that 's just my story . Ben , I 'm not pregnant . I failed the bar . That 's it ? You failed the bar ? That 's your big secret ?|Why don 't you just take it again ? I have taken it again . I 've taken it three times . Wow . Does Danny know ? No . I haven 't told anyone . So then technically I know four things that Danny doesn 't know .
You know the combination .|I 'm afraid not . Yes , Sissi , you do .
I 'm sorry , you were saying ? Ben , it 's over . The first time , I choked . And I nearly passed out the second time . And this time I just ... I just walked out . I panicked . Wait , I 'm confused . What is there to be confused about ? I 'm a failure . No , I get that .|If you 're not pregnant , then who is ? You 're pregnant ? !
If you 're not pregnant , then who is ? You 're pregnant ? !|I am so sorry . I did not want you to find out this way . Really ? Because finding my son 's girlfriend crawling around the bathroom floor crying " where is it ? Where is it ? " Seems like the perfect way for me to find out I 'm gonna be a grandmother again ! I , mean ... oh . My God . If I can lose a little cardboard box that easily , what am I gonna do with a kid ? All right , calm down . Just calm down , okay ? Fortunately you came to the right person . I 'm an expert at unplanned pregnancies .
So does Danny know ? Oh , my God , no . No no no . I don 't want him to know until I know . Promise me you 're not gonna say anything about this to him . Hey , ladies ! What 's up ? Danny , what are you doing here ? I live here . Honey , would you do your mom a favor ? Could you move my car for me ? Sure . I 'll be right back , babe . He 'll be gone for a while . My car 's in the shop . Oh , my God . Babe ? Babe ? Did you hear that ? He called me babe . Because he never calls me babe . Oh , my God , he knows . Men never know . Danny 's dad didn 't find out until halfway through the sonogram when he asked , " What 's this movie about again ? "|Riley , I promise you . It 's not as bad as you think it is . Oh , um , actually , it 's worse . I got fired . Why would they do that ? Oh , right , it 's a law firm . They probably want someone who knows something about the law . And I think we 're done talking . Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to get ready for work . Wait . I thought you said you got fired from work . Uh , I did , but I still have to pay the rent . So if you 're not gonna be a lawyer , what are you gonna do ? I have no idea . I 'm still figuring that part out . All I know is I fought the law and the law won . Great . Now that song 's gonna be stuck in my head all day . Now , I just want to do something stupid and mindless , you know ? Where I can just like totally blend in .
God ...|What 's this ?
What 's this ?|A French doll
A Chinese toy and a Russian matrushka|Like a museum , huh ? Amazing ...
Like a museum , huh ? Amazing ...|I give you permission , to enter , Mr Tsurugi
You don 't want to suffer over a few little numbers .|You 're not really thinking of robbing us ?
Wait . Wait , Ben , did somebody trust you with something personal and private ? Maybe . If you tell me , I 'll tell you something of equal or greater value .|No , I can 't . I can 't .
She wrote it ?|Yes . Were you good friends ?
You 're not really thinking of robbing us ?|Betty .
Yoko ... was it you who brought him here ?|Now , after 17 years ?
I just don 't know why she wouldn 't tell me . I mean , I can handle it .|You know there was half a sandwich in that bag when you started , right ?
You know there was half a sandwich in that bag when you started , right ?|Oh , my God , I 'm supposed to meet Amy 's dad . What am I supposed to tell him ? Okay , honey , don 't worry . I 'll handle Amy . I 'll let you know the minute I hear anything . Okay , you 'll do great .
Listen to him ! He knows what he 's saying !|Maurice didn 't tell me anything .
Look at me .|I 'm sure you know those numbers . Tell him . Please .
That 's a distinct possibility .|Because you think we 'll get out of this alive ? We 're not blood thirsty , my dear . For us , death is the last resort too .
No other relatives ?|There 's no work here They all went to the city
You 're both brilliant .|It 's truly a pleasure working with you . What were those numbers ?
Excellent !|Things are back in their rightful place .
Who knows|He 's your father ...
He left years ago I doubt he even knows Mom 's dead|Will you teach me that ?
It 's not your fault . We 're out of our league .|Yes .
Thank you . Thank you . Now who here has ever had a dream that they gave up on ?|And who here regrets not pursuing that dream ?
Semaphore ?|I 'd like to learn
I 'd like to learn|OK ? Like this ...
A little over 2800000 .|Maybe he wasn 't such a fool after all . Shut up or I 'll pack your ass with dynamite . She 's right , you know . He screwed us all .
I 'm sorry .|Get rid of those two . I want them out of my sight .
Thank you .|I should have known . See , this is exactly what I was worried about with a guy like you . Stay away from Amy ! What 's going on ? Amy , are you all right ? I just want you to know that no matter what happens , I 'm here for you . You 're not in this alone . We 're truly in this together . It 's okay . I 'm not pregnant . Oh , thank God ! Whoo ! Sorry , didn 't mean to blurt that out , but it 's exactly what I was thinking . Don 't worry . I was relieved too . And it is really nice to know that you would be there for me . Always . Thank you .
Get rid of those two . I want them out of my sight .|Get rid of ...
Get rid of ...|Get rid of ?
" I am ...|" ... Tsu ... re ... gi "
Get rid of ?|No more stupid moves !
No , like this ... " I am ... "|" ... here "
... is high on Capitol Hill as an emergency session of Congress prepares to hear the president address the issue of global violence . Recent attacks have pushed this administration to take extreme action , raising more fears than is alleviated . With global tension rising , the president is taking a risky step by confronting what some political observers ...|Oh , I can 't believe it . Jake Green . How you doing , man ? When did you get back to town ? Just now . Is that Bonnie ?
You grew up .|Well , wait a minute . Where the hell you been ? Around . Jake , no one 's been around for five years . The Army . I 've been in the Army .
Grandma , this is too spicy ! Same as always|Don 't you like squid ?
That color looks really good on you . I know . Why didn 't your mom take you to New York ? Because she hates me .|What are you looking at , loser ?
I 've been playing minor league baseball . Oh , is that a fact ?|Well , when do you get in from Chicago ?
" ... over this beach "|You did it !
I 'm sorry . Oh , no , you 're not . You love it . God .|Where have you been ?
It hurts ... I just want to sleep .|Me too .
Keep away !|Let go !
My darling , You know prudence has always been my watchword . These people are dangerous . It 's safer if we separate .|We 'll be harder to find if they decide to come after us again . That 's why I thought it best to take the first plane off the island .
We 'll be harder to find if they decide to come after us again . That 's why I thought it best to take the first plane off the island .|I don 't want to be directive . But I think it would be best if you didn 't try to find me right away . I 'm not angry at you for our misadventure . On the contrary , I 'd say you behaved admirably and I was proud of you . That bastard really hurt me . I 'm too old to take a beating . My finger is badly broken . Go back to Paris .
I don 't want to be directive . But I think it would be best if you didn 't try to find me right away . I 'm not angry at you for our misadventure . On the contrary , I 'd say you behaved admirably and I was proud of you . That bastard really hurt me . I 'm too old to take a beating . My finger is badly broken . Go back to Paris .|I know you have enough money to tide you over for a while . But I 've left you enough for a ticket in first class .
Grandma ! Where are you ?|Grandma !
Grandma !|Grandma !
Well , my dear , you took your time .|You think twice with a bastard like you . I did it for both of us . You know that .
Come here .|I 'll be back real soon , all right ?
Leave me alone !|What ?
I really feel sorry for you .|I 'm not asking for your pity .
Now look , I know that every part of you wants to just rush out there . I don 't blame you .|But as your friend , I 'm asking you to think about that .
Just try a little , at least He 'll eat when he wants to|Mr Tsurugi ?
Because you were bored to death .|But it 's too late , daddy . That dirty trick you pulled ... it 's beyond words .
I can see you 're fixing this , but it 'll never float|I can see you 're the type to give up without trying
Mister !|Mister , please .
I can see you 're the type to give up without trying|What do you mean ?
What are you doing ?|Sending a signal
Sending a signal|What signal ?
Look , I know you 're telling people it was an accident and I hope it was .|But if it was an attack , Sheriff , and there 's chaos out there , you might not want the wrong people knowing that Jericho is still here .
What did you tell them ?|That I 'm here
Oliver , would you stop that ?|All right , Johnston .
You couldn 't put cigarettes up there in your condition .|Fine . Let 's talk seriously about the money . I put your share aside . I wasn 't planning to cheat you .
Fine . Let 's talk seriously about the money . I put your share aside . I wasn 't planning to cheat you .|Never .
You do that because you 're lonely|Lend me those Hey , Captain ! This is Togashi !
Let him go No ! He 'll try to kill himself again ! Let him Why ? It 's not for us to stop him !|No ! I 'm going to find him !
It was very useful . But I had qualms about depriving you of such a precious object .|Bye , daddy !
Excuse me . I am looking for the illegal street car racing .|Awesome ! Thanks , bro .
Get lost !|You don 't think I 'll do it ?
Hey .|Get off me , man ! Looking for Vin Serento . Who isn 't , take a number .
Get off me , man ! Looking for Vin Serento . Who isn 't , take a number .|Here he is now .
It 's Mr Tsurugi ...|Mr Tsurugi !
Mr Tsurugi !|Mr Tsurugi !
She kept asking me if her leg was there or not|I couldn 't tell her she 'd lost both her leg and her mother
She had problems in school , and she stopped going|But she 's never once tried to kill herself
You have to eat|Grandma ! Grandma !
Grandma ! Grandma !|Grandma !
Spa day .|I 'm talking the works . Aromatherapy .
Mr Togashi wants to stay a while Bad idea Why ? He can stay , can 't he ? Sure . One guest or two , it 's all the same|Great !
Oh , Dale , I am so sorry . I didn 't know your mother was in Denver .|She wasn 't in Denver . She was in Atlanta . Oh , my God !
Yoko was trying to love both of you|You and Ryota
Three people can 't marry|You three were always together
Thank you for this , Dale .|Anything for you , ma 'am .
Atlanta .|Oh , my god .
Does this bus have a gas can ?|If the bus ...
All right ! I 'll kill myself ! I 'll die ! I 'll die ! I 'll die ! I 'll die !|Stop that !
Alright .|Ready .
Over here !|Huh ?
I 've never been away from here|Why not leave ?
Hurry up . I 'm in a race .|You 're not getting a tip , slowpoke .
Get your hands off me .|Put that down . Put it down .
Feel the trills !|If you win , you get me .
Marty Haigler , stop it right now .|Yeah , Marty , I 'm talking to you .
Mr Togashi !|Where are you ?
I 'm coming for you , Serento .|Oh .. Shit ..
Mr Togashi !|Mr Togashi !
You won 't go away , will you|You 'll always be here
I 'm going to win .|Did I win ?
Can we talk ? I 'm busy|What are you doing ?
You almost beat me ? You only can 't beat me , you can 't even beat yourself .|Not true Serento . I 've beating myself since junior high .
No way . You wagered a 10 sec car , you owe me a 10 sec car . Deliver to the shop tomorrow , Bitch !|Polpol ! Roll out !
Now something happened in Denver , Atlanta . And it could be that we wake up and find out that 's where it stopped . But until we know , are we going to use our imaginations to solve problems or to cause them ?|Now , we can get the power back on . We can find out how big this thing is . If we have to we can fight , we can fight anybody . We can fight all enemies .
Johnny Law , Smokey , Gunshoot , Flatfoot .|Come on man ? Haven 't you ever seen an episode of of CSI or NCIS or Illinois SBU .
Come on man ? Haven 't you ever seen an episode of of CSI or NCIS or Illinois SBU .|Are they on Netflix ?
When I asked her to marry me You proposed to my mother ?|I pushed her to choose between me and Ryota
And , folks don 't you break my heart again .|Chief , keep all the men at their posts until the sheriff gets back . Hey , Shep .
Aw .. Funny now ?|Aw .. He 's a kind of robot .
I never forgot her|I should have given in to myself and come sooner
Come on . Hey ! Jeez , Hanover , you have to be so rough ? I had to make it look real . Serento might had been watching .|Serento ever found out I 'm was an undercover cop , he would kill me . Don 't worry . I erased your files . No one on the force even knows you 're a cop . Your secret dies with me .
Let 's let him go No ! He 'll die Why ?|A goldfish is a fish people have bred
And then , we 're forgotten , only for another generation to repeat the same seemingly irrelevant cycle . All just seem so pointless . And all along the way we mire ourselves in the burdens and stresses of everyday modern life . The more complicated we make our existence , the more we destruct our conscious minds from our inevitable mortality . Oh , how it all makes me yearn for the innocence of my childhood . Those were the days . I look back now nostalgicly at that time , before adult responsibilities kicked in . Oh , the frivolity of youth . What am I talking about , I was miserable most of my childhood thanks to my asshole older brother , Thudnik . Luckily , our father was a fair and just mediator . Dad , Thudnik hit me in the head with a rock again . What have you done ? Sorry dad , it was an accident . Not you . You .|How many times have I told you to stop whining ? Allright , well , maybe he wasn 't so fair and just when it came to me .. But he was the head of our tribe and he knew how to keep his people safe from the Binadraks , the tribe on the other side of the mountain . Also he 's a natural born charismatic leader , he did have a certain " je ne sais qoi " when it came to the ladies . Hi .
I 'm so white , that I put mayonnaise on sticks , and freeze them to make mayonnaise sickles .|You have no family , you got no friends .
Can you talk to him ? See if he likes me . Don 't let him know I 've asked you , though . Allright . You 're the best , Ishbo .|I 'm such a wuss . That was then and this is now . Good news is , I think the other members of my tribe are finally starting to appreciate my insatiable quest for the unlocking of lifes grand mistery . Or not . In either event , I 'm not giving up . Life 's a puzzle . And all the pieces are scattered around for everyone to see . I just need to put it all together . The ony trouble is , how the hell am I supposed to figure out the meaning of life , when I 'm surrounded by freakin ' Neanderthals ?
Dexter .|You score higher than Kanye .
You score higher than Kanye .|It 's a fine line , which side of the law you even belong . That makes you perfect for undercover work .
Last ?|They said the morphine would kill the pain for a month
I guess so . Now look , Serento and his crew are responsible for everything .|From truck heist to counterfeiting Bed Bath Beyond gift cards .
Right ...|Now look . Tonight you got closest to Serento than anyone ever has . But I need you to get closer still . I need you to join their crew . So we can get the evidence that we need to take these guys down .
Are you with me ?|That 's my boy . But , how do I explain to Serento why you release me ? Just tell him you beat my up and ran away .
Oh , I can , t . I mean , can 't we just like .. puts some fake blood on my knuckles or something . Serento 's a streetwise thug , he 's going to see right through that .. Now hit me !|Oh .. That hurts ! I never actually hit someone before ! Now do it again , and harder .
Don 't leave here|Please ...
Mr Togashi 's gone|He 'll be back
But as she came to resemble you he couldn 't stand it|He was violent , drunk all the time ...
Chichiro ... ?|Chichiro ... . Where are you ?
That 's when I get to wear my dope ass Hawaiian shirts . Deal with it , bitch !|Alright , Vin .
Where can I put my stuff ?|Over there .
Whoa .|A lot of stolen merchandise . Whoa .. 
Come on , drink it ! Drink it , you son of a bitch !|What are you doing !
What the hell is this now ?|There 's something wrong with that gentlman .
I think he went over . Goddamn , what the hell happened there ?|It 's poo . I fell in poo .
I can 't believe this ... Why don 't he go out with your sister while he 's at it . Pick you up at 7 ? It 's a date .|Oh , come on !
For ten years , one man had reigned as it 's champion ... Zack Hugh .|Many admired him for the control he had over the machine he drove ...
Zack the Reaper ... The Phoenix ... He 'd been given many such names . But ...|Ground clearance : Unstable . Heart rate and perspiration output : Increasing We 're reading a loss in retinal response . The races had taken their toll on the man . The constant stress was too much ; It was destroying him , in both body and mind ...
Holy Shit . Ishbo get out of his mouth ! No , my brother got eaten by a wolly mammoth , let 's get over it , knock with the hunt . You got the arrow right in his ass , man . I 'm the king of the world . Ishbo , God , you stink . Bravo , not bad guys ! Let 's congratulate these newly weds . They will fill our tribe with future hunters , warriors .|Now it was official . Thudnik and Fardart were married . I spilled my heart to her and it made no difference . She loved my brother . Why is it that love can be more painful than being eaten by wolly mammoth . How can an abstract concept actually feel more powerful than giant grinding bicuspids ? Just didn 't make sense . Maybe love was a cruel joke being played on us by the Gods . Perhaps they laugh at our weakness when it comes to this silly feeling . Hell , maybe there aren 't even any Gods after all . What do I know .
It 's no good . Pull him out !|Chief , he isn 't slowing down !
Maybe Zog should do it , because I 'm actually late for my high colonic right now . That was good .|Smells good to me . Here Ishbo , brush off his feet . so we can set him on fire .
Sorry . Awkward first date moment . Yeah .|So tell me about your brother .
So tell me about your brother .|What do you want to know ? I do not know . How does Vin have the money to pay for all those suit up cars ?
Zack Hugh ... A champion among champions .|To this day , his death remains shrouded in mystery .
Sure , on the outside . You have this take no shit hard exterior . But , on the inside ..|You 're completely different . I am ?
Save The Whales Amnesty International , No Child Left Behind Without an Xbox .|And on New Year 's eve , when the clock strikes midnight , Just as Ryan Seacrest ushers in the new year .
And on New Year 's eve , when the clock strikes midnight , Just as Ryan Seacrest ushers in the new year .|When the big ball thingy . lowers on that .. thing . You make a wish that the new year will bring you , the true love .
Ishbo . You always were an idiot .|My fathers last words .
My fathers last words .|Fardart , you saved my life !
Further , the contract fee is to be repaid over a period of 20 years . 20 years , sir ? !|Project 444 was a difficult operation from the outset .
Project 444 was a difficult operation from the outset .|The land they granted to us was a swamp surrounded by headlands . Come rainy season , the whole area becomes a virtual river . When the waters recede , the plants grow like monsters . It 's an insane , godforsaken place that just turns back into jungle within half a year .
What the hell ... ?|You are the supervisor ?
So , if I knew where we were going , I would know how to dress . Fancy , casual ... nautical .|Whoa . Hey , hey ! You taking him over me ?
Take care of yourself !|Hey ! Hold it ! Come back here !
Queen Fallopia offers you a flawless body , and all you can say is thanks , but no thanks ? Do you do how many men have literally died trying to get into this loincloth . And I offer to you as a gift of a lifetime and you say thanks , but no thanks ? You 're a dead man .|My nail !
My nail !|Come here , you little , man .
Let 's go .|" Heading out . Something big going down with De La Sol . "
But alas , we only need one driver .|This is bullshit ! To get the job ... you are going to have to audition .
Well , I turns out I was right . Human beings did have the potential to evolve after all . Of course if that 's good luck , it does mean now I 'm trapped in a museum , and kids throw their gum at me . You know , sometimes I do think about my inventions and my tribe and Fardart . But this point I really only have one regret . I died , only ever having had sex with a monkey .|I 'm not dead yet , you motherfucker and asshole , cocksucker ...
This is bullshit ! To get the job ... you are going to have to audition .|We 'll see who is the best of the best .
Recently I read some verses from a Bosnian poet : " May the powerful help the persecuted as the persecutor . " The persecuted ? I 'm not sure .|I rather be the persecutor .
Nothing . Sadly I wasn 't on duty last night . Someone from your people should know something . Who ?|Obran , of course . He 's the switchman in this section . I would like to talk to him .
Man , I had you . I totally out danced you . You never out dance me . Who 're you kidding ? 3 years dance repertory . Ballet , modern , contemporary and even tap .|Right then , but next time ...
Look . Do you have any remarks ?|Arrest them , Schindler . All 17 .
You 're late again . Turn of duty dragged on . I assisted a difficult operation .|They arrested 17 people yesterday .
Right then , but next time ...|Next time .
Stop ! Stop !|Stop !
There 's a letter from your uncle . What does it say ?|" My dearest niece ... " What does it mean ? " It has been a long time ... "
What is he saying ? Don 't rush me . I need to look it up .|Your uncle has been abroad for 30 years . He can 't even write Chinese anymore .
Your uncle has been abroad for 30 years . He can 't even write Chinese anymore .|He was only 10 then . Never took his schooling seriously .
Cos if you are a college grad , she could be eligible for a pretty substantial discount . I once took a French league class in the college , does that count ? Did you pass ? No , the professor flunked me . So I shot him .|Look I rather just pay criminals like yourself to drive the super car . Whenever I have to move it 's location , okay ?
Why ?|Listen to the score .
Beef noodles . Thank you , dear .|What do you have to say about your report card , son ? Nothing . Professor Chuang just called . He said you only showed up for his Chinese 1 class once .
Damn devil .|Bastard .
I have been going to Chinese class ever since I can remember . You know what ? I never got to watch Bugs Bunny . Son , nobody should deny his own cultural background .|Although we send you to Chinese school every year but you still don 't speak Chinese !
Count it . Make sure it 's all there . Nah . This guy seems alright to me .|Oh , oh .
There 's no one here .|Did you have a lot of customers ? The studio is open . Customers come and go .
Examine the studio . Quickly !|Careful ! Those are works of art .
Careful ! Those are works of art .|We 're in trouble .
I think we got double crossed .|Oh , you think so ?
You 're not surprised . I 'm more surprised when I find out that someone is still alive .|When was the last time you saw Branko ?
We 've been preparing for a trip to Beijing for the last five years .|He has a standing invitation from his sister in Beijing . And the China Computer Society . I even took him seriously once and took a class in Chinese . I thought you spoke Chinese . Can 't you tell ? I 'm an American .
It 's very sultry .|The air is sparkling , as the sky would be blazing .
Come on , you bastard !|Take it easy .
I don 't know about our president , Wilson .|He 's so indecisive .
You 're a cop killer now .|High five .
OK , Uncle . You did your job . Leave the rest to us .|Flowers ! Buy some flowers ! Buy some flowers !
Detective Johnson , I got some files for you to look at ... This is no time for paper work .|I got regular , decaf , latte ... I 'll drink some coffee when I solved this crime .
" My hometown is a beautiful place .|" It stands beside a wide river ...
Hallo ! Is it you , Shooter ? Bowling alley here .|The goods have been handed over , without complications .
Maybe , it recorded what happened . And then what ?|And then ..
And then ..|And then you could watch the tape . And see .. who shot him .
Don 't sleep .|It 's hard not to . I 've read this lesson three times already .
" But it has not always been like that . "|Look , they 're dozing off . " In the old days , it was a sad , dirty little town ... "
Do you understand ?|River .
Doesn 't make any sense .|Let 's check the body , I want a fingerprint .
Got cha . You , son of a bitch .|What ? Nothing . Nothing .
Why are you saying " hello " to strangers ? You 're not Americans .|Just being polite . Is it you ?
I couldn 't do it anymore .|A human can 't stand this !
Just being polite . Is it you ?|Not me . Then , it must be you . No , I didn 't ... One of you is flirting with Jan.
They forced me . I had no other option . You have it now .|I will .
I will do anything . But promise to protect me .|I can only promise you a rope around your neck .
What 's the tense for this ?|If you want to study English well , you must study hard .
There , feel better now . It will help to replenish your electrolytes .|It 's filled with mango and peach .
Here , hold it ! Matches , lighter .|That 's it , go .
Funny old man .|Hey , everybody , I have an announcement to make .
Good .|When will it arrive here ? It will arrive in five and a half hours .
Stop with your awful presumptions . Nothing unpredictable should happen . Nothing , Hubert . Be convinced . We have to leave as soon as possible . Look !|The soldiers are here like in a firing range . In a case of an allied aircraft attack we would be dead meat . That 's how the thing is .
Turn the tap off .|Help !
I interrupt again , didn 't I ? Yeah .|Therapy is a process .
Stop the train ! Let 's go !|Stop !
Alright people . We are in serious lock down mode . No one leaves the garage . De La Sol is out to kill me , and the rest of you .|How can you be so sure ? By follow my Tweeter .
Mind the fuel !|Be careful you don 't light the fuel too soon !
" ... and God ...|" ... shall have not ...
Come on , you bastard ! Police had been ordered to shoot this man . Police are also encouraging Angelenos to take the law into their own hands . If you see this man , please shoot him , stab him , or if the opportunity arises , slap him upside the head .|Oh , come on !
I will show him to you .|Do you see this city ? This is Valter .
" ... shall have not new birth of freedom ...|" ... and that government of the people , by the people , for the people ...
When I 'm a reporter , I 'll be sent all over the world to write .|After that , I will become a writer and eventually get published .
Or we 're all dead . Ideas ?|How about we moved to San Francisco and open an alternative lesbians coffee shop .
But I needed a partner . Someone with the skills to intervene . Hunted by the authorities , we work in secret . You will never find us . But victim or perpetrator , if your number 's up , we 'll find you .|What 's wrong with my other suits ? They 're fine for a hired assassin , Mr. Reese . Just not for this particular job .
All right , kid . But consider what you 're betting . FOXGLOVE : A verdict has been read . They 're relaying it now .|Guilty of all charges .
Congratulations . You do that again and you 'll find yourself the most successful occupier down in a tent on the street .|Feel like having a drink over the grave of Virtanen ? Why not ? ADAM : I 'll round up some guys , meet you downstairs .
Boss , I got the lunch .|Thank God , I 'm starving . What is this ?
As Ja Rule or Bow Wow or Ludacris . Why does he have to be a rapper ? Cos movies like these always have a rapper doing the cameo .|It brings in the urban demographic . Dummy . Plus , they get to do a soundtrack title .
When I 'm in China .|What ever happened to that nice Chinese girl , Margaret Hue ?
I see why . Guy plays poker with other people 's money and gloats about it .|I wouldn 't be so sure about that . Someone like that the win doesn 't concern him , it 's the rush .
Let 's roll .|Wait ! I 'm not going ? No , why don 't you stay behind with the girls .
MAN : Watch it . Come on .|REESE : Let 's go . MAN : Hey , watch it . My suit .
FINCH  : And someone 's tracking him . Stay on him tonight . If somebody goes after him , it 'll likely happen at his home . REESE : He isn 't going home .|Looks like he 's working overtime .
What does your sister say in the letter ?|They still didn 't do anything about father 's grave . Oh , no .
CARTER : So where 's Mr. Navaad ?|He 's taking his family to a Knicks game while I borrow his taxi .
Hello .|Sorry .
Does Adam advise you on your own investments ? No . I got a broker for that .|What can you tell me about a company called Tritak Energy ?
What can you tell me about a company called Tritak Energy ?|Not much . You 'd have to talk to my guy . But your own money is heavily invested in it , correct ?
Lili .|Go get the red wine .
I know they wanted my money . You think it was Serento ? Duh ! He thinks he can steal my money ? Listen to me , Cesar .|Please pay attention .
I 'll just better text you the needs , mijo  . It 's for the best .|Now , now you have instructions in your cellphone .
They 're wearing ski masks .|They must have gone skiing immediately before or after the crime . Contact the Aspen police , the Canadian Mounties , and Whistler in the Swiss Alps special forces . See what they know . Right sir . And take a look at this .
Tell me what you know .|I don 't know anything . I bet you 'll start remembering when you 're up in Otisville . But by then , it 'll be too late to make a deal . Okay . Okay . All right , look , look .
And for God sake . Someone get me some more baby oil !|How is it going on fingerprint match ?
REESE : Who ? Sydney Baylor .|FORDES : I got the search results that you wanted , Carter . Only one utility yard reports vehicle thefts in the last week .
Unless they had a garbage truck .|FINCH  : We have many safe houses where Adam could be taken . REESE : I know .
Now everyday at 3 o 'clock , right after he finishes watching Judge Judy . De La Sol comes in to check on the money in the vault .|Michelle , you improvise a distraction .
Dad ?|They don 't have a shower bath here .
If this bill had not been passed today , it would 've been put aside indefinitely which would be detrimental to the state of New York .|We have a problem , Mr. Reese . What else is new ? Have you heard about Utica Shale or the process of fracking ? Mm . It 's , um , underground rock formations . Companies dig down and fracture shale beds to release natural gas . They just passed a bill to start fracking in upstate New York . Which means they wouldn 't need a pipeline up from the south . And they don 't need to invest in a company like Tritak . How much did Baylor Zimm have invested in Tritak ? Or how much did its clients ?
We have a problem , Mr. Reese . What else is new ? Have you heard about Utica Shale or the process of fracking ? Mm . It 's , um , underground rock formations . Companies dig down and fracture shale beds to release natural gas . They just passed a bill to start fracking in upstate New York . Which means they wouldn 't need a pipeline up from the south . And they don 't need to invest in a company like Tritak . How much did Baylor Zimm have invested in Tritak ? Or how much did its clients ?|Millions .
Come On ! Get out of here ! Out !|De La Sol takes a 10 mile run every morning through the city .
Adam told me to talk to Victor . Said he would have to know .|The bill passed overnight . I 'm trying to sell your shares as fast as I can .
The bill passed overnight . I 'm trying to sell your shares as fast as I can .|You have to understand .
You have to understand .|REESE : Hello , Victor .
REESE : Hello , Victor .|You 're a patsy . They just used you .
That 's a total coincidence . Anyway , you 'll fight him .|You will do spinning windmills . Leg sweeps , and flying side kicks .
We 're going to give you the DNA sample to unlock the vault . Shove you in a box and shipped you there . Say what ? We 'll send you ground . 3 to 5 days shipping . 3 to 5 days ? We looked into overnight . But the rate was outrageous . Come on , man !|You will get delivered and placed by the vault , waiting further instructions . That brings us to Curtis . You 'll be the decoy .
You 'll run around the alley dodging bullets .|And that will draw the other naked guard to rush outside and shooting you .
REESE  : I need your help on this , Finch . I need you to get inside Baylor Zimm .|I 'm on the trading floor now .
Mr. Reese , I found something .|Paul Ashton .
He 'll run over to the door and lock out the guards .|He 'll then use the ass crack DNA sample to unlock the vault .
Adam 's friend .|Also a senior risk manager .
How did Paul do it ?|Paul isn 't working alone .  He 's got a friend in the SEC .
Paul isn 't working alone .  He 's got a friend in the SEC .|I spent my entire career chasing down rogue traders only to see my agency get defanged when the country needed us watching the closest .
" Strategist Chuge borrowed the East Wind " To burn up the Tsao 's battleships|" Defeated was Marshall Tsao
I have it under control .|You would be better off balling up that paper and stuffing it under your clothes . It 'll keep you warm .
" Defeated was Marshall Tsao|" At the famous Battle of the Red Cliffs
He 'll then use the ass crack DNA sample to unlock the vault .|Now back outside , Curtis will finally get shot . Get shot ?
At that time , we lived in a huge courtyard , full of grasshoppers .|We 'd catch them , wrap them in tinfoil and cremate them .
We 'd catch them , wrap them in tinfoil and cremate them .|It smelled like fried beans . It was your mother 's idea .
We ride at dawn . Dawn , really ? What 's wrong with dawn ?|It 's so early , dawn is before breakfast . Yeah . And I am no good without breakfast .
My invention was called " water funeral . " I would put the grasshopper in a bag and drown it with my hot piss .|Your grandpa used to sit under that tree and sing when he was upset .
Surprise . No . It 's a simple gesture . to show how special you are to us .|Giving your sweeten loving present to him .
Giving your sweeten loving present to him .|What 's his name ?
But I have a number . Maybe you can strike a deal .|Hey , you called . What 's going on ? I 'm saving our asses . That 's what 's going on .
This is Harold Crane . Yes ? Sir , this is Paul Ashton with Baylor Zimm Investments . I need to speak with you about your majority share in Tritak . Sorry , speak to my banker about that . No , sir ...|Sorry , Paul , but my little buying frenzy just reinvigorated the Tritak MLP . And I own all the shares . Don 't worry , I 'll sell you what you need . After all , what are friends for ?
What a baby ...|I still need to talk to you . Before you do . There 's something I need to tell you .
Haven 't you ever heard of a thing called privacy ? Privacy ?|Yeah , all right . I guess there 's no such thing in China .
It 's all of it . All your money .|You were the only person I counted on when I was younger . And I wish that you could 've counted on me . And I hope that someday , you know , maybe you can forgive me .
I never knew my father .|He went out for a pack of smokes ... And he never came back ?
" Put the Great Wall on your chest . "|This is just what Linda needs .
I didn 't know what you were into before we met , John , and I don 't know now but you sure know how to keep things interesting . I saw signs posted downstairs . Someone finally bought this old place .|New ownership .
She told me .|So , what are you going to do ?
He speaks Chinese all the time with his relatives and his Chinese friends in the States .|Brother , how much do you earn a month over there ?
In the States , no matter how much you earn , it 's never enough .|Over there , the person who has the most debts gets the most credit .
Go by the dumpster .|Thanks , don 't go in without me .
Don 't you fall into that bad habit .|Papa said , " You can 't live on borrowed money . "
Oh , my God .|Mom , where 's April ? Jake , where have you been ? Where is she ? She 's down the hall . What 's going on ? Get Dad on the radio .
Oh , no . How can you act like a reckless youth at your age ?|I heard that almost every American has a sexually transmitted disease . Is that true ?
There 's enough evidence here to put De La Sol away for 3 lifetimes . What 's Serento up to ?|And how 's it link to De la Sol ?
Leo , what are you talking about ?|Take a look at these beautiful fabrics . Try it .
Wake up , angel .|Mom ?
Mom ?|Don 't you remember what happened last night ?
They never see us coming .|They totally saw us coming .
I 'm going to kill you .|Watch out , Vin !
This old guy , after he turns the TV on ...|Honest , Leo does the same thing .
Ma ! Yes .|What is it ?
What is it ?|Who 's Linda ?
He was going to take me to see One Direction . One Direction ?|That 's it !
He was my best friend .|I thought we were best friends .
I know . We gotta go .|Frank , quit messing with the TV . I don 't wanna waste my generator on static . Mary ? What are these people still doing here ? They won 't go . I can 't leave these clowns in my bar .
Well , he was my BFF for a long time . You got to understand that .|We had our fun together .
Well , who are you ?|I 'm the deputy mayor .
The same . What kind of answer is that ? I 'm only reminding you .|This is the third time you 'll be taking the exam . If you fail again ...
This is the third time you 'll be taking the exam . If you fail again ...|If I fail again , I 'm not a human being .
Just forget it , Eric . You 've told everybody .|Do you realize a nuclear bomb went off yesterday ? So ? If I 'm gonna die in a nuclear blast , so be it .
I can 't even comment about your studies ?|Why do you have this attitude ? If you don 't get into college , you have no future . Do you understand ? Of course I want to go .
Why do you have this attitude ? If you don 't get into college , you have no future . Do you understand ? Of course I want to go .|But they only accept a few each year . What can I do ?
It 's more personal .|I 'm taking it personally .
What did you say ? You 're calling your father a bookworm ?|What can you do ? You ungrateful wretch .
All you do each day is daydream of Lili .|You 've lost your mind . Wake up ! We are not the same status as the Chaos .
We do not see that every day .|Is everything okay ?
Don 't think we forgot you , did you ?|Anything wrong , miss ? No , nothing . It doesn 't look like anybody 's here . Yeah , well , the pump 's locked , so ... You know , there is this other place that I could take you to . Look , we 're running on fumes as it is .
Mom , don 't open my mail from now on .|What ?
It 's not nice to read others ' mail .|Others ? You are not " others . " You are my daughter . It 's still not right . Are you hiding something from your mother ? No , I am not . This is my privacy .
Others ? You are not " others . " You are my daughter . It 's still not right . Are you hiding something from your mother ? No , I am not . This is my privacy .|What ?
Ma 'am the baby 's protected in this little bubble . She 's got fresh air and food . Right now she 's the safest person in Jericho , but you 're not . We need to make sure she has a mother to take care of her when this thing is over .|Okay ? Please , please , let us take you both down to the shelter . Okay ?
What a guy ! Too much , Dad .|Your sister is great in all aspects except she criticizes me all the time . In front of the kids and guests .
Her brother Stanley has got the key to the pump . Wait , she 's deaf ? Yes .|I read lips .
Looks like we got company . Take them out !|We 're on it , Vin .
Oh , hell no !|How you like a little taste of my ill received slow jam project .
How you like a little taste of my ill received slow jam project .|Oh ... Ahh ... !
People south of Main go to you at town hall ? Yeah , that 's right . All those to the north of Main go to the medical center . Johnston ... You want me to take it easy . I 'm just gonna go help Eric get the supplies . I already sent people to do that . Gail , who is in charge here , you or me ?|You do not want to play that game . Here 's every book we have in the library about nuclear radiation . Our Friend the Atom ? Some friend .
Atom bombs have only gone off in populated cities twice in history . And Denver was probably hit by a hydrogen bomb anyway . Well , what 's the difference ? Hydrogen bombs , they literally explode the air .|So , what you 're saying is that nobody knows what 's really coming .
That 's about what it says , right ?|Yes . Yes . That 's right .
" Holds the Emperor under duress|" Ruled the land
Go faster !|Si , si .  Understand !
Si , si .  Understand !|It 's freezing in here . I 'll put the heater up for you . Thanks
Still chilly .|It 's at 90 degrees .
Lili ?|Touchdown !
You look taller .|Thank you .
I pride myself of my good points ... |Totally out smart him . What a dummy ...
Is that for an emergency ?|All right , you know what ? Fine . Keep it .
This is the best , really . Pierre Cardin .|His pants look a year old . The kid 's outgrown it . Nonsense ! They 're new pants . It 's the latest style .
Her parents are in New York , okay ? Who knows if they 're even gonna come back ?|It was just a couple cans of soda . Yeah , my soda .
Homespun pants the color of moldy bean curd ! Your uncle is not doing well over there .|Tough life .
No , you don 't understand . You know , these here are Calvin Kleins .|I wore these when I was at cadet school . I have more . Would these be in style in the U.S. ? Dad !
I checked the calendar , there are only 23 days left .|She just listens to pop music with that boy .
Damn it , missed the turn . Bald loser ! I shave my head because it makes me look cool and tough ..|Oh darn . Your dashboard is dirty .
You only have one left , right ? Got it !|Hang on .
Not on my watch , De La Sol .|Freeze . ! Don 't move !
Okay .|Hang on .
Hang on .|That smells good .
It 's full of crime and also sexually promiscuous .|And the streets are full of homosexuals .
Is it a major match ? I don 't know . It 's major for me .|Look at those two guys checking you out . Look , they 're really checking her out . Why is a nice Chinese girl like you hanging around with foreign devils like us ?
You told me to " Hands up . "|Look 's like you are going away for a long time . De La Sol .
Mom ?|Your favorite niece is in a funny mood .
Is he okay ?|He 'll live .
I am going to the little girls ' room . Hey , where is that ?|Right upstairs . Right there . See ? Good to know .
Go inside and pack !|Okay .
Straight back .|Eric , any sign of Dad ? No , not yet . Checked the church , Main Street . We 're going through every inch of town hall .
Just a little longer .|She only had two sips of liver soup . The liver soup you make tastes awful .
She only had two sips of liver soup . The liver soup you make tastes awful .|These past few days , she didn 't even go out of the room . She hasn 't even gone to the bathroom .
Don 't tell me what to do . I 'm serious , Skylar ! Stay inside .|Dale . Dale , stop !
That 's kind of no brainer .|Damn it !
He 's stopped breathing .|Where did you put your hand ?
Where did you put your hand ?|It has an evil smell .
It has no smell .|Let 's go out .
Exactly .|You 're on .
Did you blow him up ?|Hello ? Is anyone here ? How does that look ? That 's good . That 'll do .
Now give me back my money .|Or I 'll kill all of you .
This is Emily Sullivan . I 'm at the Richmond Ranch . Everybody be quiet . There are men here with guns . I think they might 've killed the sheriff . Hello ?|Can you hear me ?
Who 's in charge ? Me , that 's who . Me . Congratulations . You have reached your destination .|Come on ! Deal with it , Bald bitch !
Jake , we 're all clear .|Johnston ! Johnston !
You want the job or not ? God damn it . Do you want ?|Don 't laugh ! You take it or not ?
Gail ...|Oh , my God . Mister Hawkins ! Mister Hawkins ! Mister Hawkins !
Bossman . No , not exactly " may yor . " It 's mei yo .|The Chinese doctor stuck needles in my back and I had this funny tingling sensation . But it works . Works like a charm . Magic .
The Chinese doctor stuck needles in my back and I had this funny tingling sensation . But it works . Works like a charm . Magic .|Looking good , Leo .
Mustn 't bite the thread on a funeral robe !|Scissors ? What 's wrong ? Isn 't this stitch wrong ? Cut this for me , I 've sewn up my hand ! Heavens ! Take more care !
Don 't laugh ! You take it or not ?|I 'm sorry .
What car is this ?|What are you doing ?
Is that rolling it .|And ?
And ?|Sorry .
No misbehaving behind my back !|Kulo !
Kulo !|Keep an eye on them I 'll make a new seal
You just want to prove that you are a good actor !|They never get Oscar from these spoof movies !
One short blast , mister .|Vessel sighted on the port bow , sir .
I don 't want to go inside ! Behave yourself !|Well ? After you ... You go first No , you You go first No , you I 'll go first ... there 's a leak !
Stop engines , sir .|Take over , Mr Black . I 'm going to board her . Lower away the emergency boat . Aye aye .
Do you think my father would leave his ship at sea if he were alive ?|Let me through .
Ma ! Kids of his age are too much trouble ! No , no , DouDou is a good boy Mommy ! Mommy ! DouDou ! Keep your voice down !|Mommy , it 's true , they were talking !
I 'm sleepy ! Get some rest when you finish playing ! Shilo ! Kulo !|DouDou They really did talk ! Yes , I believe you Tell Daddy when he gets back He loves your stories Will you remember ? Yes ! Now , come to bed DouDou , second call ! I 'm coming
DouDou They really did talk ! Yes , I believe you Tell Daddy when he gets back He loves your stories Will you remember ? Yes ! Now , come to bed DouDou , second call ! I 'm coming|Comfortable ? This room is horrible Nonsense ! Just lie down
She 's still not talking .|I get that .
Quiet ! Listen to me !|I let you shelter in the mushrooms ... because you were too late to go through the spirit gate Now my grandson is here , you must go I won 't have you scaring him !
I know that , Miss Drumm .|Just a moment . I 'll announce you . Don 't bother . That 's why I took you out of the place . I don 't want you to be seen in the Jewell Box . Johnny Angel . Hello .
Where 's Stanley ? Jake , my brother doesn 't know about the radiation . When the rain stops , he 'll be back . Don 't worry . Bonnie , I know Stanley . He 'll be fine .|Jake , I got your brother . He 's with your dad . Finally . Eric , how 's Dad ?
He 's good . The town hall shelter is secure .|Listen , Jake , where are you ? I 'm at the Richmonds ' . As soon as the rain stops , get every digging tool you can find and get to the mine . I had to blow the entrance to keep the rain out . Those people have been sealed up way too long .
Lilah , if you don 't mind , please .|You said alone , Johnny . But this is as alone as you can hope for .
You said alone , Johnny . But this is as alone as you can hope for .|She still thinks she 's his nursemaid . As Secretary Treasurer of the company .
They 're coming to fetch me You behave yourself while I go out|Hey whatcha doing ?
Now .|The Emmaline Quincy is tied up in port .
I want to come !|I hate being left behind !
Hey , how you holding up ? Heather , I think our students are taking it better than I am .|Look , they just know there 's nothing to be afraid of . For them , it 's just like a bad field trip .
May you rest in peace May your spirit be free|Grannie ! Grannie !
Grannie ! Grannie !|Your grandma has passed away peacefully Be happy for her !
You doing all right ?|Stupid question ?
Should I be laughing ? Certainly not !|Rise up ! Is her spirit rising ?
Why yes , of course . I understand my father cabled you from Casablanca .|Did he say he expected trouble of any kind ? I received that cable , Captain . Gusty was in Maine at the time .
I actually don 't know what I can say about what 's happened , except to ..|Look , Johnny . There hasn 't been much time to investigate . You just brought the ship in .
Here .|I 'm going with you .
Must have gone back to the corner|I 'll get some more
I 'll get some more|Gone ? They must be hiding in that back room ...
Gone ? They must be hiding in that back room ...|What are these ?
That 's the first thing I thought of when I saw that mushroom cloud .|Did they have enough time to hide under their desks ?
What are you doing ?|Get off me !
Did you want me , darling ?|Alright now .
Alright now .|Where was I , Lilah ?
I know just how you feel , Johnny .|I 'll see you first of the week at the inquest . Something may turn up then .
Ow ! It hurts !|What 's this ?
He 's smiling !|Stop ! That 's enough barking !
What 's that ?|I think somebody 's on the other side .
Stop ! That 's enough barking !|Don 't let grandma know about this Heavens , she 'd never forgive me
We 're gonna get you people out of here .|All right , everyone , you 're gonna be okay .
All right , everyone , you 're gonna be okay .|All right , we have food and water .
Are you upset ? I 'm not a wandering ghost !|What 's the matter ? I hate you ! You 're mean ! Say that again ! You 're mean ! I 'll spank you !
What the hell ?|You like it ? It 's where they make the contagious kids wait so they don 't give everybody chicken pox .
Don 't you suppose a girl .|A French girl , say .
I need to get back to the house . I need to check on the livestock , and the corn . I need to get out of here . There 's really nothing you can do right now . He 's right . You need to stay .|I 'm really sick of being poked with needles every ten minutes .
I can 't say I 'm running away I 'm going abroad to find my mother !|Good luck ! Same to you !
Good luck ! Same to you !|So many steps !
But ...|So , what if I have three queens but I only have two jacks ?
Who said anything about a kidnapping ?|It 's not a kidnap case ? Just said my grandson is missing ! Hurry up and find him for me ! Yes , yes It 's just a kid gone missing not a kidnap Asshole ! Check the facts first ! Yes , sir ! Merciful Buddha ! He 'll be the death of me !
It 's terrible . I 've been thinking . More than anything , this town needs information .|We could organize a group of people , send them out in every direction . I don 't think anyone should be leaving Jericho . We have to . We can 't just sit here in the dark . He 's right .
We could organize a group of people , send them out in every direction . I don 't think anyone should be leaving Jericho . We have to . We can 't just sit here in the dark . He 's right .|Makes us too vulnerable .
What 's the matter ? Fly in it ?|Please , I ..
Man , busy place . Yeah . Although the service isn 't what it used to be . What will you have ? Oh , my God , we got something .|Keep it on .
Keep it on .|Where did it go ? Come on , bring it back .
You 're new here , aren 't you .|Certainly not . What makes you think that ?
Sell your grandma !|Sell grandma ? What ? Who would buy her ? You don 't believe me ? Of course not Okay , follow me
Merci .|Sit down .
Sit down .|That girl 's name was Betty .
That girl 's name was Betty .|Does it matter ?
I 'm Captain Angel .|You know the name , don 't you ?
You know , this whole thing has been pretty hard on Shep . He lost a good friend today .|We all did .
Where did you go all alone ? You know your grandma was so worried Ah ... What are you trying to say ? Ah Ming took me on his bike ! Who 's Ah Ming ? The boy who delivers fish That toothless kid ?|Yes , toothless Ah Min He 'll keep you so busy , you 'll have no time for me !
Just leave me alone , Jake .|Just go without me .
Yes , toothless Ah Min He 'll keep you so busy , you 'll have no time for me !|Stop barking ! Come inside !
I looked everywhere for you .|Are you all right ? I was so worried .
What are you selling ? Newly designed dolls ! Really ? Show me|They 're ... so ugly ! Ugly ?
Gracie ? We 're closed , Gail . I 'm out of everything . That 's why I 'm here . Some of the folks at the shelter brought some stuff back , and I thought you could use it . It 's one box . I 'm out of business .|My train shipment was supposed to come through on Tuesday . Without it , these shelves are gonna stay as empty as they are right now .
You brought the goods ?|What goods ? Your grandma ! You sold her to me ! No , I didn 't bring her
What goods ? Your grandma ! You sold her to me ! No , I didn 't bring her|Then what 's this ? Grandma 's inside ! Game starts !
I am French .|That is all .
Heavens , no . I touched a building when we came out of the shelter .|Look , you can stop pretending .
Then you 're not new here .|I am sorry .. I had hopes .
I am sorry .. I had hopes .|You say you 've been here for weeks .
I audited your farm .|Why do you care ?
Stop following me Food ... food ... You can 't swallow anything now , you 'll only get burnt You can eat at the Pudu feast Leave now Wait ! If you show your terrible face to my grandson I 'll make sure you 're punished ! Yes , Ma 'am Here 's my grandma . Are you sure you don 't want her help ? Didn 't you hear what she just said ? Hide me quickly ! DouDou , where are you ? Dou ... Grandma ! What are you doing down there ?|What 's so funny ? It 's time to go home . You want to sit up here ? Yes
Look .|You know , I think I got the worst of it , so as long as I 'm okay , you should be fine .
Ah Ming , what 's that ? The water lantern parade|Beautiful ! Yeah , so big and so beautiful
Please go away . There is just one more thing .|What are you doing ? That isn 't mine .
It isn 't mine at all .. it isn 't .|Ever hear of Cinderella ?
How you like the lanterns we made for you ?|Can you put my husband 's picture on it ? You want your husband 's picture on it ? Grandma ! Grandma we want to make another lantern
You don 't have to do this .|What about your family ?
Ready ? Off you go ! Give it a good push !|Okay , I 'll be right back I have to leave you now Look for your family But make sure you 're back before the gate closes ! Don 't miss the chance to find your next life
I 've gotta get out of here . Shep , you 'll get past this .|Yeah ?
Really . A terrible thing , Johnny .|Where 's your brother , Sam ? I don 't see him around . Paul is out of town .
Wow , a doll that bites ! Don 't you touch my mistress ! I just wondered if she needed any help No she doesn 't Don 't be so mean to him He 's a nice kid You 'll wander a long time if he doesn 't help you Well ? Okay , here 's her story|But please blow your noses first I can 't bear to see running noses
Alone , fishing about .|Whenever anything happens in this town people always come to me .
Well .. you do have a lot of friends .|I wouldn 't talk like that if I were you , Johnny .
How come I don 't see any ghosts here ? I thought it would be packed ! You 'll soon find out|Look , there 's my grandma She 's meaner than Bull Head and Horse Face She 'll skin us if she sees us with DouDou Nonsense I declare the Pudu feast open !
I wouldn 't talk like that if I were you , Johnny .|Not if it was my father who was right in the middle of it all . Leave him out of this .
Tell the family I 'm sorry .|You 're breaking up , Shep . Hey , Gray , did you catch that ?
Here you go . Over here .|We 're over here .
It 's like it used to be , isn 't it , Johnny .|You want to know something ?
I feel much better Melon snake ! What d 'you mean ? I 'm naturally green ! DouDou , time to go home Just a moment Go ahead I 'll leave now with Grandma You stay here and eat some more More ? You 've waited so long , you should have more Come and find me when you 've done|DouDou Thank you
DouDou Thank you|Isn 't it a real feast ? Yeah
I mean something I know ?|Sure .
Is anyone on this frequency ? There 's no reply from ATCC . Please advise . We 're 827 in emergency descending coordinates for approach .|Give me full flaps . It 's about to get bumpy . This is Chinook 116 heavy . We missed our handoff to Kansas City ATC . Does anyone read us ? Over .
There 's Ah Ming ! Ah Ming I 've been looking for you for ages What do you want ? I want you to meet a new friend|Ah Ming , this is Apple
Chinook 116 , this is Clem 56 . We found a stretch of highway long enough . Follow ...|Chinook 116 , this is Clem 56 . We found a stretch ...
He 's alive .|He 's alive .
What 's wrong ? You look miserable Why don 't you play with Ah Ming these days ? Ah Ming stinks I thought he was your best friend Grandma , he was so rude to me He know I can 't ride a bike But he told me to ride it myself ! Really ? I 'll answer it|Coming
Coming|Have you seen the whale ? No The ghost gate closes tomorrow , please tell him not to be late for it Tell him yourself ! But I can 't see him now What do you mean ? Like you couldn 't see him before Why not ? I don 't know My gran says kids lose some powers ... when they grow up Please give him the message for me Bye
Hang on ! DouDou Coming|So he 's rude because he can 't see us !
And rich .|You poor kid .
She looks so much better .|You really made her happy .
You haven 't said two words all night .|I 'm just taking it all in .
I gotta go .|What time is it ?
But I miss my Mom and Dad|DouDou Grandma Why are you shouting ? Who are you talking to ? I was on the phone , talking to Mommy She 's coming back Yes , the day after tomorrow
You can let go of one hand on the bike ? Are you crying ? No , silly , just some sand in my eye Grandma , you don 't have to cry any more ! I 'm leaving ! What do you mean ?|Be careful ! Road works everywhere
SOLAR FILMS PRESENTS|BASED ON ACTUAL EVENTS
THE HIJACK THAT WENT SOUTH|Oulu , Finland . Friday 24.3.1978 .
Hi !|I 'm hungry I know , I 'll make a fine dinner Don 't run !
Apple , where are you ? Strange Shilo , did Apple leave by herself ? Isn 't she scared of Bull Head and Horse Face ? Or did ... Grandma scare her away ? Dinner 's ready . Fetch your bowl No , I 'm not eating I thought you were so hungry|Why are you shivering ? Are you ill ? You 're the one who 's ill Why wouldn 't you let them come near me ? It 's all your fault they 've all gone now What are you on about ? I don 't understand a thing Stop crying first
When we get to Amsterdam , we 'll eat well and go dancing .|Or we go straight to coffee shop and then to the hotel . Or hotel first and coffee shop then .
Why are you shivering ? Are you ill ? You 're the one who 's ill Why wouldn 't you let them come near me ? It 's all your fault they 've all gone now What are you on about ? I don 't understand a thing Stop crying first|I understand You can see ghosts too
How can this take so long ?|We 'll never get there . And it 's so cold , too . The magic of the North .
We 'll never get there . And it 's so cold , too . The magic of the North .|I hate the North . What 's the time , we 'll never make the plane .
The power is out ! Grandma ! Grandma , where are you ?|Grandma Come back
" Under a Sunday blue sky . "|Kind of nice down in this part of the country , don 't you think ?
It 's alright .. come on .|Yes , but my bag ? I checked it . Just tell me where it is and I 'll go pick it up .
Quite a night at the local .|A hot chick asked me if I 'm an aviator . I said I 'm a fornicator . A long , sweaty night .
Major Lamminparras , highly ranked .|Specialist onboard . And stuffed . What did he say ?
Yes , but my bag ? I checked it . Just tell me where it is and I 'll go pick it up .|Oh , you sailors .
It is always the same .|You see a girl . Then bingo .. you must see her again .
Sorry but you can 't sit here . We keep the last rows empty . Please move forward .|Sorry .
Don 't bark now , Grandma is dying Silly boy , I 'm alive and well Grandma ? You ... have Grandma 's voice ! Silly boy I 've swapped bodies with Shilo Don 't you want to save your invisible friends ?|Excuse me ! What 's with kids today ? If they aren 't racing motorbikes it 's dogs ! Remember what I 've taught you ? Yes I can 't stay in Shilo 's body for long We have to be quick Yes , Grandma Hang on ! Clear the way !
Do you like surprises , Captain ?|Take my cousin , Hugh , for instance . He even goes in doors backwards because he likes surprises .
You have a point there .|What 's the airspeed ?
The monster has eaten his soul What shall we do ? Give back all the souls you 've sucked in ! Your power is like a net that catches big fish But it can 't hold little fish|Not a single hit !
Normal . 800 km per hour .|But she can climb high . 12,000 meters . Are you an aviator ? From the Air Force ? That 's what everyone thinks . Major . From the Signal Corps . I see .
Not a single hit !|He wasn 't aiming at us
She hardly looks like a woman . Helsinki tower , Finnair 405 . Helsinki tower , Finnair 405 . We 've been hijacked .|What now ?
You were on that ship .|All I want to know is what happened .
God damn , stop the kicking . God damn it !|Are you the one kicking the door ? Don 't stare at me . Get out of here ! I 'm in charge here now . Get the hell out ! Go and serve some fucking drinks .
Are you the one kicking the door ? Don 't stare at me . Get out of here ! I 'm in charge here now . Get the hell out ! Go and serve some fucking drinks .|Bloody women ...
Get your coat .|Where are we going ?
Lieutenant Merivaara .|Today ? You mean now ?
Bye Remember to visit us in your next life|Bye ! Will he remember ?
I know what you 've been through . The ship .. then last night .|You know about last night ?
Are you Apple ? Don 't be afraid Grandma asks us to escort you|Thank you , Grandma APPLE , goodbye Goodbye I think I did a good deed for the invisible friends Mom and Dad arrived that evening Now I know that Mom went abroad to bring him home Grandma was fine apart from her neck They all seemed happy talking to each other Seeing them happy makes me happy too And Grandma 's house was a great place to go
ONE YEAR LATER|Don 't push DouDou Hurry , hurry Where 're you off to in the summer vacation ? A cool place Where is it ? My grandma 's
Feel better now ?|Yes .
The guy in the plane might be so crazy ... that he 'll blow up the whole thing . God damn it . Are there no lawyers in this country ? My impression is that they are trying to contact them .|Not one of your better days .
Produced by : Be Wild , Inc . Eisei Gekijo|A SAI Yoichi film
Two rounds to go and still no points .|Pena , it 's for you . It 's the police .
Hold it|Go on
Do you come here often ?|I used to play here when I was kid .
Goodbye .|What have you done ? Police searching for you ? On a public holiday ? A Finnair plane has been hijacked .
You pretty much made that from scratch ? Yeah , I started with a Chief Special|But listen ... How 's yours coming ? Yeah ...
Of course .|I can 't see how you could ever leave this beautiful land here .
You bring it ?|Yeah
My father never knowingly did a wrong thing in his life .|Just tell me this .
Good afternoon , all of you . And Happy Easter . Who could brief me what this is all about ?|We have to stop in order to refuel .
You see , I 'm telling you .|I like you , Captain Angel .
Peace One !|Peace One !
We 'll be together forever , Peace One !|Peace One
No .|What are you up to ? Go ahead , jump . Good . Next .
What are you up to ? Go ahead , jump . Good . Next .|Sir . You have to leave the plane . Do you understand ?
What is going on ? Why don 't we get out ? I 'll have to talk to the Captain . Do you think we 're idiots ? The plane is hijacked . And we are the hostages ! What are we going to do ?|Hijacked !
Hijacked !|Don 't you get ...
Lots this morning , too|They 're your pubes , Koya Hey , they 're yours , Koya No , they 're not
They 're yours|Got your name carved in ' em
That the gold was being shipped on her to America . To New Orleans .|I knew if the gold disappeared . My father 's name could never be cleared again .
Koya , yours has even more batteries Yeah , I just put in new ones Been using ' mine 2 months now|Man , that 's battery life Batteries last longer with less whiskers
The State of Finland hereby commits not to demand ... The Minister of Traffic again . No bigger shots around ? To sign a paper like this ? Am I only worth of one woman ? What ?|Is the plane en route to Oulu ? How many passengers on board ? Has the hijacker requested an asylum in Israel ? The new destination is Stockholm ?
I got the ship 's orders outside , Captain .|And when I heard that name .
Thanks . Thank you all . Thanks for staying .|No point in splitting up a good team .
Even hoping that he would remember my father and help me .|I was bewildered and .. And terrified at the realization that he must know about the gold .
It 's amazing ... that they remember to feed us day after day|I don 't deserve such luxury , after the evil I 've done
I don 't deserve such luxury , after the evil I 've done|Thls life ' s such a drag ...
I was bewildered and .. And terrified at the realization that he must know about the gold .|But I had to take that chance .
Captain Angel .|I 'm Paulette Girard .
If we get a glimpse of the hijacker , let 's rock .|Repeat . The use of deadly force is authorized .
Hey , your sheets are wrinkled|Right !
Right !|If you squared your pajamas , you got praise Wow ! Excellent !
I never forgot you .|Of course I remember .
You know , I tried to teach him chess , but he never would learn as hard as I tried .|Has he learned the game yet ?
OK , the panic ends now . We 're going to make it . We 're not giving up . Not if we 're here for a week .|Right ? Attitude ! That 's the spirit !
God damn it , I 'm not going to make it .|Is this the end ? It ends right here .
About face , right !|Line up ! Next , we 'd line up , down the middle of the hall
Line up ! Next , we 'd line up , down the middle of the hall|Move up !
We should have a destination . Or do we just fly around ? How about Israel ? Tel Aviv ? Somewhere warm . I have friends there . They 'll be excited to hear about all this . We can 't make it that far without refueling . I don 't want there anyway . They shoot without asking .|How far can we get ? Oulu , for instance . Not there . Been there quite enough . Let 's go abroad . Stockholm . Let 's go to Sweden . Stockholm .
OK !|Look , his finger 's bent
Look , his finger 's bent|Fujishlma 's slacking off
God damn it .|This is not going to work .
Then forget what you heard .|The other passengers .
One thing is sure . This is not going to end well .|God damn it ! I 'll blow you all away .
" I heard him say that Sam Jewell , Paul 's brother .. "|" Owned the Jewell Box nightclub in New Orleans . "
Everything ready ? Before we do anything else , we 've got to get rid of that girl . Go to her room and tell her Captain Angel wants to see her .|Miss .
I 've been looking for you .|I never thought that you 'd ..
Let 's keep all this between ourselves . Just between us . A gentleman 's agreement .|When we touch down , I want to go home undisturbed .
When we touch down , I want to go home undisturbed .|To spend 24 hours with my wife . Have coffee . Listen to the radio .
At dawn , those that were left loaded the last boxes of gold aboard The Dolphin .|That 's all .
After that , I 'll turn myself in .|Tell this to the dogs .
But he must have seen me that first night in the cabin .|Sure , he saw you .
Sure , he saw you .|That 's why he tried to kill you last night .
Please ! Guidance tag !|What a drag ... Besides , I never did like saying " please "
For that kind of money , he 'd do anything .|Johnny .
Picking up eraser ! OK !|It 's only an eraser , but it 's exhausting ...
Johnny , I 'm afraid .|Don 't be .
After inspection , dinner arrives at 4 : 50PM|Next , rice noodle soup ! Rice noodle soup ! Wow ! Tonight 's rice noodle soup is excellent ! Look ! Look ! Wow !
Next , rice noodle soup ! Rice noodle soup ! Wow ! Tonight 's rice noodle soup is excellent ! Look ! Look ! Wow !|Tons of rice noodles ! Wow , this is a great one Big chunks of meat Wow , excellent !
Mr. PM !|You have a real welcome committee here .
You have a real welcome committee here .|I think I 'll owe you a beer .
Wow !|So I start washing my car first thing , and shine it all up Then I notice there 's a dirty spot , so I clean that up , and glance down and notice another dirty spot , so I clean that up , and then , I see a dirty spot , here and there ... Soy sauce ! Hey , we 're low on soy sauce Let 's get a refill
And before you know it , the day 's gone|People must think I 'm crazy Washing my car all day It makes you laugh , right ? That 's soy sauce Speed really improves your concentration Pathetic What ? You already finished ?
I know you won 't .|But you understand why it was so hard for me to trust anybody , don 't you .
If I wanted to , I could chow down in under a minute|You eat awful fast , Koya
Forgive me . Please , forgive me . What have I done to you ?|Did I accomplish anything ? Did I ?
What can I do now ?|Nothing .. I want you to stay right here .
Away from the Jewell Box . Away from everybody .|Very well , Johnny .
No one hijacks planes here . We 're in Finland .|I wanted to show .
" Memphis in June . "|" Was sweet oleander . "
Yeah I really have to My daughter quit high school to work|You 've lost a lot ...
" Blowing perfume in the air . "|" Up jumps the moon . "
Did you guys always take off your pants before you went to the john ? Yeah Your pants bunch up behind your knees and hurt your calves I see ...|All right , I 'll start taking mine off , too
All right , I 'll start taking mine off , too|Fell off again
Would you sign my stomach ? And can you make my belly button the dot from your " I " ? This is a workplace . But I shaved my stomach just for this moment . And yet you left all this .|Excuse me .
Take this Straight Chip , for instance What ? What 's that ?|When the toe cap 's straight , it 's a Straight Chip
This Edward Green 's a real beauty ... The leather 's vegetable tanned , no chemicals , that costs you I never knew ... Such a world existed ... Hey ! What are you doing !|How dare you !
Anybody asked Sam Jewell where it is ?|Nah , it wouldn 't do any good . He 's too smart .
Nah , it wouldn 't do any good . He 's too smart .|You are right about that . I 'd like it if you checked the sterns of boats of The Dolphin 's description .
Can I tell the Chief what time you want steam , sir ?|No .
I get it|It was the crossword puzzle Oh , he blew it What ? No puzzles ? No way You can 't fill in someone else 's puzzle
It was the crossword puzzle Oh , he blew it What ? No puzzles ? No way You can 't fill in someone else 's puzzle|If only he 'd copied the puzzle into a notebook first Oh , copy it , I see
I 'd like to have my orders changed . You 've got plenty of other ships . It never occurred to us that you 'd want to stay in port .|Don 't you have enough consideration ? Well , the inquest is this week and maybe by the time you get back , we 'll have it .
Yes ?|Hello , dearest .
What was I saying ?|Nothing .. nothing of importance . Well then , will you excuse me ?
Atlanta . Oh , my God .|Won 't the rain clear the radiation out of the air ? Yes , and bring it straight down on Jericho . A direct , concentrated hit . Anyone exposed too long ... How do you know about radiation , Mr. Hawkins ?
Exercises|Sasaki 's the standard
Sasaki 's the standard|Standard !
Well , how thoughtful of you , Johnny .|You know , it 's quite a coincidence , you wanting me to have dinner .
I really struggled with myself , but I finally decided I had to , and put on a mask , and my heart was pounding , I was so scared ... I shoved the knife at the cash register and they just handed over the money|And I thought , " Hey , this is easy , " and that 's when I started ... Serial convenience robberies ... What was your straight job ? Laying concrete blocks
We could get sick touching that guy .|It 's not like with you , Stanley . We don 't even know who this guy is . I just stopped by Bailey 's to check on the TV signal . Can 't you cut your husband some slack ? And that took three hours ? I was only there for like an hour . We 're in a state of emergency , Eric . I 'm aware of that , April . Dr. Peterson 's gone to Kansas City to look for his daughter and Dr. Hoder 's worked the last 24 hours . I 'm here now . What do you want from me ? And you decided to go have a beer . I 've got a baby on a ventilator and the generator 's almost out of gas . Well , don 't you have a hand pump ?
It 's not like with you , Stanley . We don 't even know who this guy is . I just stopped by Bailey 's to check on the TV signal . Can 't you cut your husband some slack ? And that took three hours ? I was only there for like an hour . We 're in a state of emergency , Eric . I 'm aware of that , April . Dr. Peterson 's gone to Kansas City to look for his daughter and Dr. Hoder 's worked the last 24 hours . I 'm here now . What do you want from me ? And you decided to go have a beer . I 've got a baby on a ventilator and the generator 's almost out of gas . Well , don 't you have a hand pump ?|Who 'd pump it ? Out of the way . Out of the way . Out of the way . April , he 's having trouble breathing . Get him in Room 3 .
Crazy about you .|But I think I got competition .
No money What a drag ...|What to do ... You 've got something set aside , right ? No , not a yen
What to do ... You 've got something set aside , right ? No , not a yen|Just the measly pay I earned working here What the hell were you robbing for ?
I do , though .|You go places with him . Clubs .
Those burns .|Does that mean that he was close to the blast ? Why did he come to Jericho ? It 's a hell of a way from Denver . Maybe he 's related to someone in town . Then why break in to the pharmacy ?
There 's not enough gas to keep the clinics going . You saying we ought to turn them away ? No , I 'm saying we have limited resources . Well , for right now let 's just get as much gas as we can . Some of the nurses are spooked . They 're worried about contamination . Honey , I 'll do anything I can to help you .|If you could keep an eye on this baby . Then I can see to the other patients .
Oh , yeah ? I own 3 apartments out there My wife 's drivin the Mercedes as we speak|Yeah ? Which Mercedes ? What ?
Sure . I hope to God the power doesn 't go .|Look , we 'll do everything we can , until we can 't .
I drive a jeep Got a complete set of camping gear , so I 'll go camping soon as I get out I like to hunt for wild mushrooms and vegetables , cook them , and eat them ...|Ouchi san , you shot somebody with a pistol and they arrested you at home in bed , right ?
You 're looking at it .|Jake ?
Me .|And all the money you can ever spend .
April said that the medical center was running low on gas for the generator , and it occurred to me that if we had a length of hose and a funnel we could siphon gas out of our cars . Then it occurred to me there 's all that gas in the tanks at Murthy 's gas station , and if we get enough suction , we could get all the gas we wanted . Would a water pump do it ?|Bonnie ?
Bonnie ?|This could be my brother . Is this how they die ? Stanley didn 't get it this bad . He could still get cancer . No , we don 't know that .
Take care of him .|I 'm gonna have to put him on a ventilator . It 'll use power , but ... But the baby has the better chance . Save the generator for the baby . Hey , hey , hey . What about him ?
Miller .|Victor . Victor , you 're in a medical clinic . Okay , we 're gonna take care of you . No . No .
Victor . Victor , you 're in a medical clinic . Okay , we 're gonna take care of you . No . No .|They 're coming .
I never had buckwheat noodles for New Years ' til I came here New Year 's stew with pork , snow peapod and rice cakes , canned salmon , special herring The rice cakes were really tasty I ate so much my stomach really hurt but it was lunch before you knew it Simmered tofu , sukiyaki , savory custard , white rice , pineapple juice ... Can 't wait ...|White rice , dumplings , fried fish , apple , simmered vegetables ...
Eat and eat some more , and you feel like you 've really lived life White rice , baby shrimp , sand lance , canned fish , miso soup with onion and egg ... The baby shrimp and sand lance are so sweet You 're still savoring the sweetness when it 's lunchtime , time for chestnuts ... sweet bean paste , vinegared daikon , egg tofu , sweet beans , beef , omelet , rice cakes , more beef , fruit salad , white rice , tuna flakes , savory clams , miso soup , spicy shrimp , squid , yogurt drink , white rice , pork cutlet , miso soup , fruit with yogurt|Your whole body feels sweet ! You 're ready to burst but you want to eat ' til you die !
Well .|How do I know I can trust you ?
Oh , for get it ...|Live your life to the fullest
That you love me . What else could I want to know ?|You 've always acted so ..
All right , got it . Go , Stanley .|How 's he doing ?
Oh sure . I throw myself at you and you put on your catcher 's mitt . That 's very sweet of you , but .. But what does it prove ?|Quit worrying , will you , Why shouldn 't I worry ? I may be awfully wrong . But it seems to me that the minute I mention money .
Your interest in Lilah went up 87 points .|Oh come here , baby . Why don 't ..
Lower arms ! Numbers ! One , two , three , four ...|Turn left !
What 's the idea ?|Take it easy , Gusty . Captain Angel came here on a pretext of business .
Oh Gusty , how sweet .|And then I find you pawing at her . Trying to mislead her because she 's beautiful . Trying to influence her . Trying to take her away from me .
Medical problems ...|Medical problems ...
April . April .|Vic .
Vic .|Victor , you said they 're coming . Who 's coming ?
I 've hated you .|I never told you , did I. I pretended to be friendly .
I never told you , did I. I pretended to be friendly .|Well , it was a lie .
They have my daughter .|April !
Just go home .|Jimmy . Jimmy . You gotta get over here . We found Shep 's truck .
Jimmy . Jimmy . You gotta get over here . We found Shep 's truck .|Bill . No sign of Shep . But look what I found inside . Looks like Victor Miller forgot his wallet .
You are through . Do you hear me ? You 're through .| Gusty , you were wonderful .
Oh , I see , Say , did that screwball Celestial show you how to work this ? No .|No , as a matter of fact I 've had a hard time trying to make it go . Here you are , sister .
What do you think of the windows ? What ? The windows ?|Like there 's no glass at all ... almost
Scrub the toilets ' til they shine|I don 't make mistakes , the teacher never yells at me
Hello , Celestial .|Hello .
Takahashi san hasn 't been in the cafeteria in a while|Everybody 's been calling him Tissue Man Tissue man ?
I thought you were going to a party , hon .|You 're worth 10 of her .
Come in .|Well , at last you got here . I 'm glad .
We 're not like them . They can be nice sometimes , but don 't be fooled .|That 's what my mom used to say . Well , she was a smart lady .
Because I remember when I did something wrong , waiting for my old man to come home .|Baby , what you did today , that wasn 't just you going to a party . It wasn 't . You put your mother , your brother , all of us at risk .
What ? You even reported that to the teacher ? Yeah , the more I tell him , the nicer he is|He 's nice to you ? Yeah , he 's nice to me
Sit down .|What do you want with me ?
What do you want with me ?|Here .
They need our help . Are we gonna help them ?|Or are we just gonna sit here watching the same three images over and over ?
Hey ! You ! What are you doing ! You , with the babushka ! You !|I caught flack Doesn 't miss a thing
Thank you for the razor|Sideburns were regulated not too long , not too short , so both sides faced inspection
Thank you .|Anybody else ?
I don 't want to see you .|Come now .. last night you were on your way here and ..
You didn 't get here .|You are obviously in some sort of trouble .
You are obviously in some sort of trouble .|You must have thought I could help you then .
Sweets , sweets , all you can eat Sweets , sweets , all you can eat Just right for the season|Sweets , sweets , all you can eat
Sweets , sweets , all you can eat|I want ' em so bad , I 'll get sick
Well , what 's it all about ?|I have nothing to say to you .
And Sam , who is always gonna take care of you ?|Mommy .
Unless you knew something about his father .|I want to know what that something is .
Hero of Gamblers .|Saint of Gamblers .
How is it , I 'm asking you ...|How is it ? How is it ? Huh ? How is it ?
They went into seclusion one after another .|Especially Saint of Gamblers , he knows supernatural power .
The second International Gambling Competition will start soon .|All the famous gamblers are getting ready for this competition .
Hokei from Thailand .|Baggio from Italy .
Baggio from Italy .|Tayson from America .
So you know about The Dolphin ?|I didn 't say that .
Well , I think we 've finished now . I have to go .|Here .
He is notorious and he is the hot favourite of this race .|Every competitors are taking him as number one enemy .
I want his family die sooner or later !|Where is his representative ? I am here .
Where is his representative ? I am here .|What ? Just a kid !
What ? Just a kid !|Since my senior said you are not qualified to gamble with him . So he asked me to test you first .
Since my senior said you are not qualified to gamble with him . So he asked me to test you first .|See whether you are qualified or not .
You 'll come along ?|Right away ?
Wow !|Tastes great !
Tastes great !|The soy sauce is a perfect complement It 's really delicious
You weren 't running out on me , Johnny .|Or were you ?
On days off , we wake up an hour later than usual , at 7 : 40 AM , and start the day Morning Inspection ' s an hour later , too Today 's group day for you Lucky you ...|What 's the movie ?
You should know better than that .|Then where were you going ?
What are you good at ?|You always play cards , Do you know what is straight ? That 's A K Q J and 10 . Wrong .
Back then , I never dreamed|I 'd end up in jail
It was very interesting .|Oh .. I see .
See ?|Kill the kid .
Kill the kid .|You can never defeat me .
It 's you and me now , Johnny .|That 's pretty hard to believe .
Wasn 't done ... Don 't make me yell at you first thing on your day off !|Yes sir ...
Help ...|Sister .
Siu Loong .|Are you alright ? Sister , I am fine .
Johnny .|Come back .
Come back .|I 'm the fool .
Thai , the world championship hasn 't been started yet , Some people start to kill those potential competitors .|I am afraid you would be attacked .
The Dolphin is underneath the house in a dock .|The gold is aboard
Everyone in our cell , would stop snoring , even at night , If anyone slapped the floor|We took baths on days off , but today it was someone else ' s turn
So I want to find some elites . To take them to Hong Kong .|So as to achieve something to gain fame for our village .
We 'd gone to bed at 9PM and woken up at 7 : 40 AM , as usual|Still , I could 've slept forever
Sam ? Forget him .|What has he got to do with this gold ?
Nothing .|But he did have .
But he doesn 't know you counted him out .|Of course not . He doesn 't dream of anything between you and me .
Oh , you are Auntie Pretty .|Can you change this card by your supernatural power to this ? How ? Like this ...
So all you have to do is put the gold on your ship . Sail to Rio .|And I 'll take a plane and meet you there .
OK , stop|But no , I had to write their addresses on tiny strips of stationary , roll them up and hide them in my ballpoint pen ... .
Great .|This is Ace , wonderful !
And I 'll take a plane and meet you there .|You seem to forget that Gusty fired me last night .
This is the end of the rainbow .|Did we keep you waiting long , Sam ?
An ace will come out soon .|I change ... Change !
Good morning .|Has the meeting dismissed ? Any present left ?
Take any present you like . Thank you .|There isn 't any . No ? So you are not lucky enough , go !
There isn 't any . No ? So you are not lucky enough , go !|Sorry for bothering ! Hold it ... What for ?
Yes|So , take your time , but be meticulous
I need to pee ...|Six , seven , eight ...
I decided to take you to Hong Kong . To educate the youth so as to save the old , isn 't that great ?|You lied , you are not thinking that . Do you know what I am thinking ? Why not ? You want me to make your house and your diamonds bigger . To make your woman bigger . To make your dick bigger , is that right ? Yeah ... By the way , how can you read my mind ?
I was deathly afraid of the sea .|But I crossed it for you .
You touched me , that 's why I could read your mind .|What am I thinking now ? You want me to change your dick to be as big as a coconut . Yeah , can you make it ?
What am I thinking now ? You want me to change your dick to be as big as a coconut . Yeah , can you make it ?|Yeah , no problem . Hold it ... What 's this ? Where is my 1000 dollars note ? See ? Here it is . What 's wrong ? After enlarging it , it 'll ruin easily . Let me change your dick first . No , hold it . Hold it ... No changing . I want to change it ! Kiddy , stop playing . I decided to take you back to Hong Kong . I am sure when you get rich , you 'll have many women to sense you . Let 's go . No , I am afraid my mom would not allow me to go . I know your mom . Really ? I will talk to her !
This is the perfect place for me|What if they told me I had to stay here the rest of my life
I worshiped you .|Isn 't that funny ?
Son , you don 't know the outside world at all .|You have to take more money with you .
Hey|It 's finally coming down
You thought I 'd gone to Maine .|You didn 't know .
Uncle Tat . What ? By the way , You take God to Hong Kong . You have to give me some money .|Sure , sure .
And I had to kill him because ..|Stand back , Johnny .
Stand back , Johnny .|My father was the best friend you ever had .
Well then ... Well then ...|Well then , hand over your work
Your horse runs faster than mine . Sure , this is the best horse in the village .|Run faster , or I will kill you .
Day in , day out ... . Well then ... Well then ...|It feels kind of strange ... Well then , hand over your work
Johnny , it 's been terrible just sitting here waiting .|Come on now .
Come on now .|The rain is over .
I have pills for you . Why didn 't you say it earlier ? What 's up ? It 's tight . Let me help you .|How did you make it ? Like this . Bastard , you are great ! But you didn 't know how to change cards ! You just don 't know changing cards . I will show you around in Hong Kong . But , you have to remember me one important thing . Just call me Uncle . Don 't call me Uncle San ! I see , I can 't call you Uncle Sa ...
The city is safe and sound . I guess I 've had something to do with that . My Uncle Ben would be proud .|I still get to school . Top of my class . Now , the Hamiltonian shows us that the energy levels are perturbed by the electric field .
There is a pin ! Are you alright ?|Uncle , why don 't you get up ?
Go ! Go !|Here I am with a stubbly beard , my pants tied with string , doing fitness exercises in the yard The perfect prisoner !
Uncle , what 's this place ? This is the court of Hong Kong . When you are rich , there will be a space reserved for you . So easy ? That 's easy . If only you know bulffing !|Uncle , are you dancing ? No ...
Hi . Miss Watson left a ticket for me . Peter Parker .|Excuse me . Sorry . Thank you . Sorry .
Nail clippers Amazing ...|Have to use it at least 50 years to look like this
It wasn 't . I had good reason for what I was doing . And that 's the truth . You and the truth , sitting in prison , having three meals a day together . I live in the presence of great truth and that is the truth that you left behind right there in that bedroom .|Penny .
I wonder what it means that I like it much better and enjoy each day better , here in solitary than in the group cell|I get the first bath , and even get to read the paper
I am not going !|Are you going to eat or not ?
Damn it !|Damn !
Well then , hand over your work|Just in time ...
Dazzling in front of me .|I thought it was the sun .
Prison Grass|One , two , three , four ...
7 characters .|Bingo .
Everyone , stop !|Turn left !
Turn left !|Exercise
So I hope you 'll make it very special for Mary Jane .|Do something she 'll never forget .
Do something she 'll never forget .|Give her this .
Raise your arms in front of you and stretch|One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , eight
One fold .|No , it 's the unnatural winning . 10 folds . So ? You win your money back . Pay now , uncle .
Ball !|Soy sauce is really good on rice
What ! Swimming in soy sauce ? Yeah Who ?|Harayama
Why do you have my key ? I don 't want to ring the bell everytime . So I copy your keys , isn 't it alright ? Sure , sure you can do anything . You owe me money , it 's time for you to pay now . Brother Tung , I am seriously sick ! Please be merciful . Since you are dying . You 'd better give me your lungs and heart . No ! My organs are all rotten . It 's useless .|Uncle , isn 't it popular to sell organs in Hong Kong too ? I thought it 's popular in my hometown .
Isn 't he you nephew ? May I know your name ? So tough .|Yes . I think it 's better to cut his organs for paying the debt too . No , he delivers food only . He isn 't my nephew . Kid , why don 't you leave after the delivery ? Go . Uncle , what 's wrong with your eyes ? Isn 't sand in your eyes ? Run ! I asked you to run ! No , close the door and dissect him . What a trouble !
We love you , Harry .|It feels like somehow I 've been gone for a really long time .
Don 't go ... Uncle , why are we being chased ? They are the fellows of Loan Shark Tung . I should have learnt Kung Fu , so I could teach them a lesson . It 's too late . I am a quick learner . You 'd better run faster . Why not learn driving ?|God ! I haven 't gone in yet . Do you want to go ? I want to learn driving too .
Next time , try pork sauce It 's delicious , too|Sure , I will
Okay , Gwen , I 've got a secret : It 's my copier .|What is that thing doing in my background ?
God . What ? How did you reach there ? I know supernatural power . Why didn 't you take me with you ? No , I can go by myself .|So , you are not helping me .
The sea ... shepherd of endless blue ...|THE PHARMACIST
No smoking in here ! In a second .|My husband got emphysema from tobacco . Put that cigarette out at once ! No need ...
Not feeling well ?|I 'll take care of you .
They got some kind of short . Can 't shut down the crane . Get Edison on the phone . Kill the power to the whole block .|Are you all right ? It 's coming back .
But you don 't have to worry about that anymore , buddy .|Dazzle me .
Snake Ball ?|I am Douglas !
I am Douglas !|Uncle , don 't panic , I am with you . I know how to fight . This book is very useful . The parents should buy more for their kids .
" It 's wow . " That 's actually Erickson . He goes crazy . We gave him a couple lattes , it 's like : " And how . " That 's me again .|Time to take your pill .
Who are you ? Evil kid . I can 't imagine how ugly you are if you undress . Crab 's Fist .|Do you want to go ?
Time to take your pill .|Not that one .
A dissident faction founded a new , bloodthirsty religion . This was their logo .|They made human sacrifices to the Earth , to ensure bountiful harvests .
I have to buy more comics for reference .|Tell your boss . You know who is the most glamorous man in gambling field ? He is called the Invincible Flying Dragon ... Saint ... Of Gamblers is here .
My name is God , God Bless You !|Boss , save me ! Save me . Shut up .
Boss , save me ! Save me . Shut up .|You have lost my face ! Are you Saint of Gamblers ?
You have lost my face ! Are you Saint of Gamblers ?|Isn 't Saint of Gamblers called Chor Chung Sing ?
Don 't read it at night !|Luckily , it 's ancient history : Vercingetorix had them all burned in 62 AD .
Erwan !|I was passing by . You OK ?
Let 's just rehearse .|All right , Spidey .
Be a bit tough .|A bit tough .
Cover the back .|Hon , be careful .
He 's in the truck . Round the front .|Fire .
Hey , Pete said you 're in a play . You came . You sent me flowers . I did ? I 'll come again tonight .|You can 't . I was let go . What happened ?
There is a lady in Taiwan called Ah Tat ...|You mean it ?
Jig 's up , pal .|I don 't wanna hurt you . Leave now . I guess you haven 't heard . I 'm the sheriff around these parts . Okay .
Their favourite . And take good care of the ring . Oui , with my life , monsieur .|I like you .
Thank you .|Okay , so ... .
Okay , so ... .|Oh , would you like some champagne ?
Where is the other one ?|How many points ? 3 , 4 , 5 , 12 , big .
Your worries are over , Erwan . Forever .|To conclude , a frightening statistic : 20 billion transgenic plants were grown this year .
This place in your budget ? Oh , well , it 's a special occasion .|You 're on Broadway .
I can hold it .|I haven 't brought the keys . I will get it for you next time . Sit down , and let 's continue playing .
It 'd kill ' em and get that shit off our plates ! It 's too brutal a solution . Why brutal ? Let 's get rid of that scum ! Our health comes first ! Get them , before they get us ! Enough of their crap !|Thanks for speaking out !
Bet , big or small .|You can read other 's mind by touching others , right ?
Here 's my card .|We 'll meet again .
Sure , Yan . Good meeting you .|Is she your girlfriend ?
You 're on Broadway .|I don 't feel like much of a star tonight . Well , you are a star . And you 've earned it .
I wish you 'd pick up the phone . I don 't know what 's going on or ... . l don 't know if you got the messages or what .|But I just wanna talk to you .
They make love , she enjoys it .|How do you know ?
How do you know ?|We 're not pals anymore ?
See you soon , Francois .|Call me .
You 're not on duty ? No , I found a replacement . Mathilde 'll be glad . She 's in the bathroom .|What 'll you have ?
I robbed Hokei 's stuff .|She hates me so much .
She hates me so much .|So I have to be very careful .
Then the friend sleeps with your girl ...|Let me explain ...
Tomorrow , we can 't come again .|Don 't you think these days are not stable at all ?
This is something else .|What do you think ? I 've never seen anything like it . I 'm a physicist , not a biologist but let me look at it in the morning . Run some tests . Can we do that now ?
If my life is too peaceful , I won 't be somebody !|If only I win the World Gambling Competition , From Hong Kong , Macau , America and Australia , I will become the head of all gambling business .
You promised , after winning the championship , You would go into seclusion . Don 't be silly , at that time , it 's chance to make big money .|You will be famous after being the wife of World Champion .
The old man you shot down in cold blood ?|What does it matter to you , anyway ?
That wasn 't cool . He is a good boy .|He must be in some kind of trouble .
You don 't anymore ?|Yes , I do . Then why 's that creep in your bed ?
Are you alright ? He ... I am sorry , Mister . I am really sorry . Get lost . Alright .|A car crash . Why don 't you let me down ?
A car crash . Why don 't you let me down ?|Thai ...
Don 't pick up .|Hi , please leave a message . Thanks .
No . Please .|Oh , the butter .
Oh , the butter .|Beautiful .
Thanks , Mathilde .|Bitchl
What have you done ?|Avenge me !
Yes , Father. I remember . I was right about her . About Peter . About everything .|You know what you must do . Make him suffer . Make him wish he were dead . First , we attack his heart .
We have clean towels , sir !|Your card , sir !
What ? I don 't wanna see you anymore .|What are you talking about ? I don 't know .
You ... Don 't you recognize me ?|If you don 't mind , why not come and have a chat in my place ? Let 's study how to make big money .
If you don 't mind , why not come and have a chat in my place ? Let 's study how to make big money .|Sure , but I have tough conditions . Are you the head of them ? I am Ray Thai , don 't you think I am not their head ?
Sure , but I have tough conditions . Are you the head of them ? I am Ray Thai , don 't you think I am not their head ?|Ray Thai ?
Talk to me . I 'm here to listen .|I saw her to the subway : To go see her mom . We were due to meet in an hour . She said : " I love you , I miss you . "
So great ! He is the Saint of Macau Gamblers ! He is damn rich ! Junior , he saved your life , You 'd treat him a meal .|Amy meal can do , I will be satisfied .
I 'm lonely .|You aren 't there for me .
Harry , I was gonna propose to her .|Really ?
No . Average . Why ?|She a good lay ?
She was fired and she told you ? She didn 't tell me ?|Well , that 's why I asked you here , Pete .
You 've been kidnapped by a mediocre person . You 're smart , Francois .|You 're charming , and she 's eating you alive .
Do you drink evenings , alone at home , and after a sleepless night , want to die at dawn ? I 'm an idiot , I know . You never been in love ? Love 's a pile of shit ! Never again !|Don 't drink , that 's her doing . She 's hurting you . Forget her . I can 't .
What kind of noise is it ? My watch is inside , get it back . Let me help you .|Take it out , hurry up ! So ? It 's locked . I can 't get it out ! Damn it ! It is locked . My sister hates that ! Are you coming out to watch the moon ?
Take it out , hurry up ! So ? It 's locked . I can 't get it out ! Damn it ! It is locked . My sister hates that ! Are you coming out to watch the moon ?|You have had a fast meal .
Don 't drink , that 's her doing . She 's hurting you . Forget her . I can 't .|I try , but I can 't .
She loves me . She 'll come back ...|It 's true : I want to die .
Great , I love chatting with others .|Cockroach ! Don 't panic !
Now dig on this .|That is hot .
Statue of Liberty Goddess ? Brother Thai . Don 't come close to me ... Thai . I will call the ambulance myself .|You , you always produce disaster ! Me ? Sister , don 't let him stay in the same room with you . I know . He will be living with you .
Don 't treat me this wayl|I saw him on the sidewalk .
You don 't seem to have changed the room around very much .|Of course , there 's not much you could do , is there ?
Of course , there 's not much you could do , is there ?|When we spoke on the phone I sensed that something was bothering you so I thought I 'd just come by .
I don 't know .|I never heard from you . Did you ever propose ?
He 's nuts about you , and you don 't care ?|That 's private .
That 's private .|I was saying : That guy scares me ...
You said a husband 's gotta put a wife before himself .|I 'm not ready .
Sister , you are inside .|This is decent ! Have one . I don 't want it . He is here .
Did you dump him ?|Stick to your case ! Describe him , or I can 't help you !
Brother Thai , good morning . Good morning .|Come ...
I ... .|I hurt her , Aunt May .
And I know you will find a way to put it right .|In time .
Leave me alone . I need no one . Leave me alone .|You wouldn 't leave me , if I felt low .
Interested ?|Yeah .
She 's eating meat ! What ?|She 's eating meat ! She 's a vegetarian , and she 's eating meat !
I need your help .|I can 't take them both , not by myself .
She 's a vegetarian .|Mathilde ? Remember me ?
What are you trying to tell me ?|The night your father died I cleaned his wound .
I know you 're trying to defend your father 's honour but there 's no question that he died by his own hand .|I loved your father as I have loved you , Harry .
A cheating woman is deadlier than a bullet or a knife .|Specially to a guy like him .
Specially to a guy like him .|Let me out , rain 's over .
Do you remember ?|Do you remember what you did to me ?
No , you 're beautiful . Do you have 4 threes ?|OK , when I play , I will gamble with my body too .
Hi , Mr Lazarrec .|Hi , Mrs Chaussois . How 's your arthritis ? Fine . It 's doing better than me !
Hi , Mrs Chaussois . How 's your arthritis ? Fine . It 's doing better than me !|You changed doctors ? Yes , mine died . He tried to heal himself !
You changed doctors ? Yes , mine died . He tried to heal himself !|This one 's no better . He prescribes Cecalvil 500 , which is full of toxins , and quinine which you don 't need . But he has a good reputation . Heaven help him , if he tries to heal himself ! Try this : All natural , much healthier .
Looks like just in the nick of time . A couple minutes ago wouldn 't have been so bad either . What are you gonna do ?|I may need some help over here . I 'm a little busy right now .
Film 's extra .|Gotcha .
Eddie , the suit , you gotta take it off . Oh , you 'd like that , wouldn 't you ?|I know what it feels like .
I know what it feels like .|It feels good . The power . Everything . But you 'll lose yourself .
She 'd just dumped her boyfriend .|Christine , it 's me .
Peter . What are you doing ?|No !
Wulidento .|You are so poor .
What is it ? Fuckin ' drag ! You know Christine Ertaud ?|Why ? She 's dead , murdered . She 's dead ? I was there when you called . She 's dead ... I heard you on her machine . You two had problems . I suffered for weeks .
Pairshifu , I beg you , don 't follow . Never follow . Of if you lose , your family will starve to death . My friend , don 't touch my cards . Please control your emotion . Get lost first . I beg you , don 't follow . Show hand . What ? Show hand ? You can 't bother your competitor . A pair of King and a pair of Aces .|Open it .
We always have a choice . You had a choice when you killed my uncle .|My daughter was dying .
Open it .|A , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , straight , representative of Hong Kong wins .
Say that to the DA , he 'll lock your ass up ! I didn 't kill her .|I couldn 't kill anyone ...
Did a terrible thing to you and I spent a lot of nights wishing I could take it back .|I 'm not asking you to forgive me .
I 'm not asking you to forgive me .|I just want you to understand .
I just want you to understand .|I 've done terrible things too .
You feel guilty : That girl got killed . Boozing with bums won 't help . I want a new partner , you 're a drag ! Calling all cars . F15 alert in West Paris . 102 Gagarin project , building B.|Car 13 to HQ , we 'll take it . You nuts , that 's not for us ! Good exercise , it 'll sober you up .
I didn 't choose to be this .|The only thing left of me now is my daughter .
The only thing left of me now is my daughter .|I forgive you .
Be patient ... he will answer whatever you ask . Do you have faith to win the championship ? If one has faith , he may not win , if he hasn 't faith , he will lose . What a common answer ! Stay calm , listen to me . I think ... I will be sure win ! I won 't lose . Those guys are no match for me . He is filled with confidence !|Why are you so proud ? I am masked , who will recognise me ? So I can say anything . Well , let 's bluff again . God of Gamblers retired soon . Otherwise , he will be defeated by him too .
We 'll get you through this .|No .
Asbestos !|All that asbestos , the bastards !
Why do you ask so many reporters here ? He is being watched , it 'll drag him down . I want him to be red hot favourite . Otherwise , everyone will pay attention to me . So how can the Japanese triads and me to win the lottery ?|Are you working with the international triads ?
All that asbestos , the bastards !|You coming ?
Don 't bother me .|That 's why I 've got the information that the Interpol is watching you . So what ?
You coming ?|What about building codes ! There 's a psycho loose , screw asbestos ! Move , dammit !
Four Aces .|Ray Thai , please sign for me . No problem ... Sign more , please . 100 of your signatures change one Saint 's signature . I want your signatures too , make it 100 please . You have to win . Saint of Gamblers are here .
Mr.Silly moving the mountain ?|There was a mountain in front of Mr.Silly 's house , Mr.Silly wanted to move it away ...
What 's up my ass ?|You 're a barman , too ! Cop and barman .
It was you who was hiding behind the curtain . It was you who murdered Sir Rueben Astwell , Monsieur Trefusis .|You waited until the house was silent and empty . You then crept back to your bedroom , leaving a dead man on the floor .
It 's the call of Jack .|2 million .
I know a place where you can forget it all . Nothing dirty there .|It 's like getting your head washed .
It 's like getting your head washed .|You were nice to me , it 's my gift to you .
Yeah .|Shit .
Where is he ?|Gotta go .
You 'll see , it 's everything you love .|Gimme some , or I 'll kill her ! Class C drugs are down below .
Friends , then .|Maybe that 'll be enough .
You don 't want me to lose , right ?|Sure , if I follow , you will lose .
Go away ! Don 't stay here , he 'll kill you ! Go to your room , Erwan !|Run for it ! He 's mad , he 's a murderer ! Don 't listen to him .
Mr.Saint of Gamblers , what 's wrong ? I want to check my drink . You can 't leave the table . Don 't panic , deal now . God , come here ... You have been hypnotize by her . Don 't look at her eyes . What ? If I don 't look at her , how can I gamble then ? If you look at her , you will lose . If you lose , I will get a dog to bite your dick off . Again ? Ok , I 've got a way .|I 've cancelled my drink , deal now .
I 've cancelled my drink , deal now .|I have to change Hokei 's image in my mind .
Take some and leave .|Don 't touch it , it 's poison !
Here .|It 's the first batch .
Your call .|Say a million . Ok , I follow .
Say a million . Ok , I follow .|It 's your turn to call .
Just got made .|You changed the name .
You changed the name .|I like it better !
OK , I 'm going .|Hold this !
Why climb that wall in pitch darkness ? Then stay all alone .|Hear the call of the jungle ?
Ok , show hand .|I have three 10s and you ? I have three Kings . Get lost now . Get lost .
Well , you can relax now . Welcome to Shuffle Royale . The Shuffle Royale . Well , I doubt I 've heard the last of that one .|So if blackjack is not your problem , it must be slots . Progressives run off computer chips now . You 're gonna have to program in a trap door .
I wonder ! Are you a man ?|The representative of Hong Kong wins !
The representative of Hong Kong wins !|Now , we have got the candidates for the final race of tomorrow . Ray Thai of Macau , Will gamble against God Bless You , Masked Saint of Gamblers .
How do you know my name ?|Oh , we know a lot of names .
Who are you ? How dare you bluff here ? Crab 's Fist !|What 's wrong with you ? He is fainted , don 't panic . Who are you ? This is my card , call me Lone Seven . I am the Special Investigator of the Interpol . Lone Seven ?
Danny , I like you . And you , Rusty . I mean , you got style . You got brio . You got loyalty .|You two are the Morecambe and Wise of the thievery world but even they went off the boil .
Say you 're hot for an antelope ! Very funny !|There can 't be many wackos here at night .
You 're done .|Believe me , I would love to go up against Greco and crush him but it can 't be beat .
Damn it !|God , don 't listen to others .
That could work . Better still if you just kick the plug out at the socket . Seriously . Short of walking into that room with a bloody magnetron around your neck ... You know what a magnetron is ?|Something that screws up the Greco ?
Go back with Siu Lone first , don 't think so much . Get ready be the World Champion .|Isn 't it true ? ! You don 't look to be sincere . I am so sincere .
He was holding it with his bare hands .|A real weirdo .
Get me a laptop .|Now the drill accesses through a sewer main off Paris Drive . It grinds along into the northwest corner of the hotel , here . Probably about six rpm , so you won 't wake all the neighbors .
Erwan ...|Maurice Battistoni 's room , please . Who are you ? Police .
He 's very weak . 5 minutes , no more .|Maurice ...
Read this to Reuben .|I 've done research . Positive messages get through .
Can you hear me ? It 's me , Francois .|It was all my fault ... I 'm a creep .
Put an evacuation plan on paper . Will do , sir . Consider it done . I do thank you for your time .|If you really wanna put yourself to good use , why don 't you hit the tables ? Oh , I don 't gamble , sir . Neither should you , not with people 's lives . I 'll screen the meetings more carefully next time . Sorry , Mr. Bank .
Thank you .|That Interpol ... He said I am working for the nasty guy . Is brother Thai a nasty guy ? He isn 't ! He gave the beggars the food left . And he sent assassinators to kill the triads . And he eats vegetable on the 1st and the 15th of the month . So , he is a nice guy . But a vegetarian may not be a good guy . My mom said , I should not learn anything bad in Hong Kong .
" Dear Reuben . "|" As the band said , ' Two hearts beat as one ' . " " When men have been in battle together , they are bonded ... " " ... like the flower and the soil and the sun . "
It 's gone .|Help ...
You two Michael Jacksans !|None of my business ! Save me .
The Dr. Dolittle hat . Well , why didn 't you just say that ?|Okay .
And a black widow spider was stolen from the zoo .|Seems a lot of freaks love dangerous animals .
Great !|He wants to kill you .
He is useless . He wanted to rape me and then killed me . Sister asked you to run for your life . Why ?|Since Ray wants to kill you . Ray ? Be careful . What are you doing at the back ? There are snipers . What 'll we do ?
Well , let 's walk out slowly . Great .|Why don 't you walk ? It 's so comfortable . Hurry up . No . I will let you hug me three minutes more , OK ? Great . Why is sister so generous ?
No . He had light skin , blue eyes , I think , but the gaze of a sorcerer .|Freezes the blood in your veins !
What a woman !|Siu Lone , see ! A big pan ! Yes . It 's nine .
You 'd be sad if I died ? A rose for the lady ?|No thanks , she 's a guy .
No thanks , she 's a guy .|I want the reddest one .
I love you .|If you were more conventional ... You 'd be bored . Come early tomorrow , we 'll do his identikit .
But Zapata said to them ...|It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees .
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees .|And they fought .
Get it ? Stay put , I 'll pick you up .|Sorry , I 'm a bit run down . Had a rough night . Great to see you , even run down .
No , the Brody can work .|What ? Just ' cause you have the greatest cover known to man ... , right ? So you don 't even have to think about these things anymore ? Right , congratulations .
Or Rusty .|Just ... , goodbye , Dad .
Sorry , I want to tell you that . I haven 't fallen for you .|I am fine , don 't panic . Do you want tissue ? Yes .
I am fine , don 't panic . Do you want tissue ? Yes .|But I have left that at home . Are you pulling off a stunt ? I 'm glad you laugh . Let 's go . No , let 's stay more time together .
But I have left that at home . Are you pulling off a stunt ? I 'm glad you laugh . Let 's go . No , let 's stay more time together .|Don 't ruin your image in my heart . You have promised to let me hug you for three minutes .
I 'm a menace , to my partners . I just put one in the hospital .|With me , only criminals are safe .
Your cards . That 's mine .|Okay , do over . Do over .
Hi , Reuben . Good to see you smiling again .|Can I talk to you guys for a second ? That 's your idea ?
I was really dumb .|I got sick of playing cops ' n robbers .
You shouldn 't be that proud .|Are you crossing the harbour ?
Are you going back to Mainland ? Make it next time . Here come Little Robot !|You bad eggs !
Good man !|No one else thinks so .
No one else thinks so .|Got any plans lined up ?
Got any plans lined up ?|None . Guess I qualify for supermarket guard .
Sweetie , your line 's always busy . Never call me again , asshole !|Now it 's free ! I 'm in danger , stuck at home , and out of food .
Okay . Now , Bank fired Gehry , Gwathmey , Meier , four others just so he could say he designed the hotel himself . What this means to us : There 's no set of unified plans .|Routes ? According to March ' 05 plans , there 's interior shafts with potential access to the diamond viewing room here , here and here .
You aimed sharply ! But you hit my pager .|Stop shooting ! Your bullets are inside your stomach ! Come out .
Carson City , NV Extension 765 . Hello , Robert . This is Abigail Sponder . Your bureau chief introduced us not too long ago at the Gaming Fraud Seminar .|I remember you . What can I do for you , Ms. Sponder ? Well you know . We 're about to open the new property and there are a couple of characters here I 'm not too sure about . Why don 't you give me their names and I 'll check them out .
Okay , then . We 're down again .|Well , what about Reuben ?
I 'll make it a showplace for the world .|I 'll need help , Francois .
I won 't leave without a word .|Here is a distant place . I have to call a taxi first . Do you fall for the Mainlander ? What Mainlander ?
Sir , I 've heard that , after two years ... You will be Mainlander too .|Fine
Fine|I won 't kill you two . You 'd better leave . By the way , we have three persons here . Who will you let go ? I don 't want you to regret .
Now he 's in the morgue .|You may exonerate me . But I can 't .
It 's not just about the kids . I mean , I 'm happy for the kids . I think we 've come up with the answer to your prayers . This is what I think we 're gonna do . We are buying you a house ! How 's it going in Mexico ?|Well , Turk 's there .
Please give me a chance . I will take care of you for the rest of your life . Sorry , I have something urgent to make a call .|Wait , I am using the phone .
You 'll find a better partner . Sure , but that 's not the problem . Without you , farting in the car 's no fun !|And I 'll miss getting shot at !
I 'll miss you . But I 've got a better deal .|The killer ! Filmed by his victim !
How big a deal is it if we don 't get the diamonds ?|You have all your affairs in order ?
It 's not my term . I read about it in Maxim magazine .|Okay , well . Let 's get Rusty in position ... No , not Rusty . Me . I 'm in I 'm already in there . I put this whole thing in motion before I even realized it . I 'm so deep into Pepperidge , I don 't even think . I just react . I am him .
Nothing . Went back to nature in central France .|The local farmers saw him as a beast , and shunned him .
It 's a steam bath !|I am cold .
This is Roman Nagel .|If your consciousness absolutely has to intrude upon mine leave me a message . Hey , Roman ? It 's Livingston .
And I was hoping that we could , you know , keep it on the down low from Danny and the other guys , that I 'm coming to you for help . So call me when you get this . Okay ?|Okay . Bye .
That is good . I tell you what . Why don 't you send me some of your literature and we 'll see what we can do . Literature , literature . Mr. Bank , come on . You don 't need to read no literature . All you need to do is feel it ! Well , I feel it . It 's just that I don 't know if it 's bankable . All right ? Bankable ? I 'd like to place this game in one of my casinos . Now , that 's what I 'm talking about . That 's progressive thinking right there .|And I embrace the fact that ' Nuff Said might grow a whole new segment in my hotels . Hello ! And I 'd like to lock this up right now . Exclusive rights .
I 'll give you the tour later . I 've got 500 acres . I can buy lots more for a song . They say the land 's barren .|We 'll see about that ! There , I 'll give you tons of wheat , natural wheat , like in primeval timesl There , cattle will graze on healthy grass .
White wine or rose ? I 'd go for white . No , just water .|Asshole ! He 's with a killer . Not partying !
International judge , if Saint of Gamblers is late . I request you to make me the winner .|Still 4 minutes left .
The one you couldn 't get , huh ?|The one you couldn 't get .
What are you afraid of ?|Afraid ? I 'm not afraid of anything !
Okay .|The Gilroy
Everything !|That I wasted my life , that I made a bad choice .
I need this room .|I gave Mr. Chang a ...
Mr. Weng a chance .|I need the Asian villas , all the Asian villas . Well , perhaps you 'd like to tell Mr. Weng yourself .
Relax , this is better than Paris .|You don 't like your room ? It 's fine .
You don 't like your room ? It 's fine .|You can have mine , The sun 'll wake you .
It just hit him , just like that ? Well , I might 've said something to encourage him .|Why would you do that ?
Now , I have to ruin you plan . Ruin your plan ... to die ! Mr. Saint of Gamblers , you can 't sing and dance here . Sorry .|Don 't you think your supernatural power is great ? This is a long table , you have to use 10 times of your power . By the way ... .
What ?|I have applied to sit inside this box . This can violate the waves .
I have applied to sit inside this box . This can violate the waves .|And it won 't be affected by any waves .
Livingston Dell ? Federal Bureau of Investigation . We 've got all the exits covered . You got nowhere to go . Don 't be stupid .|Hey , what is going on here ? You 've been breached . We 've had this man under surveillance . He rigs machines .
Now , get him off my floor . Come on .|His fingerprints were all over that shuffle machine . Yes , sir . I need a name and all known criminal associates .
That 's us . What do we have in place for this ? Nothing . They 'll scoop us all up and Bank 'll have the best night of his life . We can 't get it to Bank .|I know what to do . We 'll set up a cartwheel . Back of the house , fifteen minutes .
And there 's just us .|Put that out , dammit !
Show hand .|Plus the watch , please . Damn you kid ! You are playing tricks !
I thought we agreed to turn off our phones . I know , but that 's Bank . He 's the only one that has that number and ...|I could make you give that back to me now . You could try .
I have great chance , I should have no reason to eerie|Alright , do you want to lose faster ?
Alright , do you want to lose faster ?|I will let your wish come true .
I will let your wish come true .|They don 't have any gambling technique . But he has character . You will eat the bananas , dwarf !
He 's crazy !|I can pick him off .
I 'll forget the slur , and remember you like me .|For a while I tried to do without it . I mean friendship . I was wrong , we all need friends .
For a while I tried to do without it . I mean friendship . I was wrong , we all need friends .|The rest is irrelevant .
You place your own bet right there . That 's what you do there . Let me tell you something .|You are a winner .
For instance : A moment ago I had a vision .|I saw a guy run through the trees with a rifle .
You are a winner .|Greco 's still up .
Oh , no . What the hell is this ? Security measures . When the system senses a threat it shuts down and reboots .|For how long ? Three minutes and twenty seconds .
Siu Lone . Sister is no long in the danger now . She wants to tell you something . I 've recorded that by V8 . See !|God , after so many things happened .
Would you come with men who 'd harm your friend ?|Would you ?
No ... !|Oh , my God . Oh , Abby . Abby . Okay , I 'm sorry . I 'm sorry .
Where 's he gone ? I 'm worried .|Talking to yourself ?
Thank you .|I 'm just glad your mother didn 't have to see that . You just don 't wanna admit the Brody played .
So touching ! I mean it .|I have got the support now .
No ...|To your vision . The guy you saw with a rifle , I told him to leave us alone .
I asked you to show me your cards . You are just acting like a clown .|Show hand !
Right , we need no one .|We hardly know each other .
Sorry , you 've done that already . Make it next time .|Oh , sorry .
Come on .|Now , give me the diamonds .
Tough night . Half a billion running out the door .|Gonna roll over and die ?
I mean , was there ever a woman in your life ?|Never .
You don 't even know where my soft targets are .|I 'm still a two handicap on a golf course , you know . I got the hottest new hotel on The Strip .
Just change it .|Changing card ... What is he doing ? He wants to change the card !
The moment you become embarrassed of who you are , you lose yourself . I changed my house , the way I dressed , what I ate for what ? For nothing .|There he is .
Well ...|What ? A two ?
What ? A two ?|Uncle , are you fainting too ? How dare you show hand with a covered two ? Go to hell .
Her name wasn 't Violet . You 're as bad a shrink as a cop . I can spot you a mile away !|Trying to make me say I hate women ?
There he is .|Thanks for those letters .
I 'm very normal .|You 've killed 3 women in a few days !
So ...|See you when I see you .
Yeah !|Isn 't the result declared ? Yes .
Isn 't the result declared ? Yes .|Wear the robe for the winner now .
Hey .|Half . You get the rest later .
There is something we haven 't had before .|I wonder what it can be .
Did you kill Mathilde ?|Did you kill Mathilde ?
Did you kill Mathilde ?|Of course .
I wonder what it can be .|I fooled you !
I am back .|God is so nice to me ! Mom , I 've got it !
You really do have a magnificent abdomen .|Oh , my perfumes ! No !
In a few moments we will be in Hong Kong harbour , one of the busiest ports in the world . May I remind you to have passports and landing cards ready , in order to avoid unnecessary delay .|On your left is the wreckage of the famous liner Queen Elizabeth , which sank here under mysterious circumstances in 1971 . Ahead , you can now see Kowloon , and on your right , Hong Kong Island .
Turn around .|Do you always take a shower with a pistol ?
We 'll drink homemade wine . You 'll be glad you came .|We 're surrounded by cops . You know it . They 'll move in any moment , I don 't want them to kill you .
We 're surrounded by cops . You know it . They 'll move in any moment , I don 't want them to kill you .|One day , I found a stork in the yard . It had a broken paw and I healed it .
You didn 't tell me you started gambling again .|It was only ... three times , Mich , OK ? No high stakes , and he was at one of the games . It was nothing . They think I did it to cover your debt . Well , that is crazy . It was one game , and I came out a couple hundred bucks ahead , all right ? That 's the truth . I can get you witnesses .
This way , sir .|Down the hatchway , please .
Annie , take it easy . You gotta learn to trust people .|Can 't you leave me with a little something ?
Can 't you leave me with a little something ?|We 're friends , Annie . Remember ? We played Dungeons Dragons together . That was a game .
Don 't let them do it .|You won 't go to a hospital .
Last year 's big mistake was way too valuable a prize . And I 've been assured ...|That this year will be different . So take it away , Pistol Patty ! Howdy , folks . There 's only one rule . Last man standing gets the prize . There 's your guns .
I knew you wouldn 't let me down , I knew I was right to love you .|I 've never felt so good , Francois .
Elephants ! We 're Democrats , Maybelle .|If you got your little pointy heads out of them pajamas , you wouldn 't be late for work .
Ladies and gentlemen , in this country today ... more people are investing in the stock market than ever before . I imagine some of you folks own stock in one company or another ... but for those of you who don 't , I 'd better explain a couple of things . This building is owned by a very rich company ... called International Projects Limited . This young lady is a typical stockholder ... on her way to attend the annual stockholders ' meeting . If the stockholders cannot attend in person , they can mail in their proxies ... designating the management or some other person to vote for them . It is to the small stockholders , the backbone of American industry ... that this story is dedicated . In a moment , you 'll see how a typical stockholders ' meeting operates . The officers of the company are now entering the meeting room . They are : Alfred Metcalfe , Vice President . I wouldn 't trust him with a quarter .|Clifford Snell , Vice President and Treasurer . Him , I wouldn 't trust with a dime .
You can have me too , if you like . I 'm not unattractive . At last you 're starting to tell the truth .|I 've dreamed about you setting me free .
I 've dreamed about you setting me free .|I 've been dreaming about a solex agitator .
I guess I 'm still waiting for you guys to come around . Likewise .|Okay , I 'm ... I am dead now . I 'm dead .
Ever heard of one ?|Perhaps you can have that too .
Or if you prefer , relax and catch a show .|This is insane . Don 't worry , Jeff . I 've also got someone more your speed .
Now ... I know you ! Oh , no . You 're that secret agent . That English secret agent from England .|You 're chasin ' somebody . Who are you after this time , boy ? Commies ? Let 's go get ' em ! I 'm with you all the way .
You goofed , boy .|Nearest bridge is two miles back .
It 's not the proper form for a motion . But , if somebody seconds it ... Do I hear a second to Miss Partridge 's motion ? I second it . You cannot second your own motion . Why not ? I 'm for it .|It 's a matter of parliamentary law . I don 't know what they do in Parliament . I just think the salaries are too big .
Who are you ?|I 'm the bad guy .
You stay put , boy . This is " my " department .|Glad to see you boys on the ball ! Sheriff JW Pepper , Louisiana State Police . Here 's my identification . Law Enforcement Association , American Legion . Me and my partner here , we 're on a secret mission . What the hell you doing ? Give me my wallet back .
Jack . Miss Partridge , we still have a lot of business to take care of . I haven 't finished about the salaries yet .|I don 't think the directors should make so much money ... unless they happen to be movie directors , like Cecil B. DeMille .
You can 't do this to me . I want my wallet back . Take these goddamn bracelets off ! I 'm gonna sue ya for false arrest ! Police brutality . I got connections . I 'm gonna get the FBI on your ass ! The CIA ! Goddamn it , I 'm gonna get Henry Kissinger ! Now look at me when I 'm talkin ' to ya , boy .|What 's the matter ? Ain 't none of you seen a plane before ?
Ladies and gentlemen , this was not exactly a typical stockholders ' meeting .|Well , honest Ed McKeever was off to Washington ... completely unaware that his trusted associates were ...
I bet the government is paying you a terrific salary ... to get you to leave International Project . As a matter of fact , I 'm working for a dollar a year .|It 's quite a cut , isn 't it ?
This is the part I really like .|Now that 's what I call solar power . That 's what I call trouble . You must admit I am now undeniably the Man with the Golden Gun .
Mmm ...|What 's the matter ? Something came up .
I can get it out , I guess .|Now , this is more like it . Okay , Black Rider .
Hello ? Ah , there you are , Bond . Well done . Congratulations . Thank you , sir . Is Miss Goodnight with you ? I 'd like a word with her . Hold on , sir .|Bond ? Bond , are you there ?
She 's pretty awesome today .|What happened ? Black Rider .
What happened ? Black Rider .|He wiped out the whole fort .
He wiped out the whole fort .|Then why are you still here ? I can 't go back out there . This is the only life I know . Annie ? Is that you ?
Miss Partridge .|Miss Partridge , how nice of you to come .
Agh ! Okay !|Oh , coming out . Hey .
Aah ... Just two more hours and ... we 'll be on our way home . I can 't wait for another nice quiet walk in the countryside !|Why is that car just sitting there ?
Let 's play .|Put it in your holster . Come on , Annie . You 're my favorite . I don 't wanna beat you . It 's just that I don 't want Jeff to be ... Put the gun in your holster , and let 's play the game .
Oh , well , if you really want me . We 're very anxious to have you . Aren 't we , gentlemen ? Yes .|What salary would you pay for this job ? Clifford , that 's your department .
Look out ! Here comes one !|Gotcha ! Blood thirsty devils !
You like him , don 't you ? I beg your pardon ?|You like him .
On whether we 'd invite you back to the group next year .|Lucky for you , it had to be unanimous .
I 'm not interested in him , you are .|I think you 're stuck on him . Why don 't you tell him ?
Up ahead ! Ah , bella !|Italian drivers ... best in the world !
I take a class online . I was paid to be here and win the game so my boss could keep his prize money .|You work for the ice cream company ?
He hung up . He wouldn 't even listen .|Old Ed can be pretty stubborn . I think it 's disgraceful how little he cares for this company . It 's the truth . We 're the only ones that have any loyalty or integrity .
I 'm outta here . I got Coldplay tickets .|Coldplay ? Too late , bean allergy .
Last call for flight 273 to Borduria . Passengers board immediately . Those fools ! They 're going to Borduria !|Borduria 3218 !
I 'm really loyal .|Am I out ?
Am I out ?|On your knees .
On your knees .|No Greendale student can be allowed to win this game . Initiate plan B : Operation Total Invasion .
Hey , you look wonderful .|What 's the matter ? Mr. Jenkins .
Look what I got for you for your Florida trip .|Crazy Shirts was closing them out . I got a dozen for a buck .
Amelia , how can I get hold of some of the names of the stockholders ?|Well , we have a stockholders list . Good . Would you get it for me , please ? I 'm really not supposed to . Come on , Amelia . We changed your hair , we can change a lot of things around here .
Well , we have a stockholders list . Good . Would you get it for me , please ? I 'm really not supposed to . Come on , Amelia . We changed your hair , we can change a lot of things around here .|All right .
How about The English Patient ? It 's up for all those Oscars . Come on , Blaine , I mean , look at the poster for Sack Lunch . It 's a family in a brown paper bag .|Don 't you wanna know how they got in there ? No .
It 's a darling shovel .|See ? It 's an ad for our steam shovels . Then why don 't you show a steam shovel ? Because nobody would want to look at a steam shovel . Thank you , Miss L 'Arriere . Let 's see the next one . I want to tell you something . I think you 'll be pleased by it . We 've been having trouble with a little outfit called the Apex Clock Company . It seems that they 've ... Not now , Harry . We 'll talk about that later .
C 'mon , Snowy !|C 'mon ! It 's okay !
C 'mon ! It 's okay !|Good boy !
You let me know when McKeever gets here . Thank you , Miss L 'Arriere . That will be all for now .|Jack , I was telling you something .
Jack , I was telling you something .|Yes , Harry ? What you said last week about getting rid of competition really impressed me . Thank you , Harry . I found out we were taking a trimming from a clock manufacturer up in New England . Apex Electric Clock Company , Pittsfield , Massachusetts .
Good boy !|Look !
Promise me you won 't say a word about this to anyone ... until we 've straightened it out . Why ? I 'm kind of proud of it . Harry , you idiot . If this gets out , it 'll ruin us . Apex Clock is one of our own companies . It belongs to us .|For the out basket , Distribution A. Amelia , are you ready for lunch ? No , I have to go to Mr. Snell 's office first . He sent for me . I don 't know what he ... I 've been dying to talk to you , Amelia . She wants to meet you tonight . She wants me to bring you over for dinner , my mother . Your mother ? What 's happened to the discipline around here ?
You know , you could have just given me Neil 's number . You didn 't have to take me out to dinner . I wanted to give it to you in person . I don 't have to be up in the morning and I know a great breakfast place right around the corner .|Does Neil like to eat a big breakfast ? Why don 't you come in ? We 'll talk about it . I really should get going . I wanna be home in case Neil calls .
You 're the first cover of Newsweek I ever met personally . And most people have a picture of their wife and children on their desk ... and I don 't have a wife and children .|I 'm certainly flattered . Really , I am .
Well , good night . I 'll see you .|Rough night ? You wouldn 't believe it . My boyfriend dumped me . My friends , who I don 't even like they won 't talk to me , all because I don 't like that stupid English Patient movie . Really ? I thought it was pretty good . Oh , come on . Good ? What was good about it ?
Rough night ? You wouldn 't believe it . My boyfriend dumped me . My friends , who I don 't even like they won 't talk to me , all because I don 't like that stupid English Patient movie . Really ? I thought it was pretty good . Oh , come on . Good ? What was good about it ?|Those sex scenes . I mean , please . Give me something I can use .
Captain , I propose we order a bottle of ... champagne in honour of our gracious hosts ! Champagne ! Since when do you ... Oww ... ! Poor Captain ! Is your rhuematism acting up again ?|Rhuema ... ! Oh yes , my rhuematism ! Well , there 's nothing like champagne for that ! ... Waiter !
Okay , here 's my room .|I 'll stay right off in the corridor .
Halt ! Halt !|Blistering barnacles ! My eardrums !
" And when I broke his helmet clasp , behold ...|" it was my boyhood friend . " He knew me ...
Colonel Sponsz !|The foreigners have escaped !
" smiled faintly , gasped , and died .|" I told the praetor that man had been my friend . " I begged the body that I might bear it away and burn it on the funeral pyre ... " and mourn over it in silence . Aye , amid the dust of the arena ... " did I beg this poor boon .
Find them ! You incompetent fools !|Or tomorrow you 'll face ... a firing squad !
Hey , Jerry .|You cold ?
Boy , they seem pretty angry about something . Yeah , I 'm a little worried . When there 's no work and the people get restless who do you think they come after ?|I swear to you , I didn 't know the TV was bolted to the table .
I swear to you , I didn 't know the TV was bolted to the table .|I bet you pulled that trick on my daddy in Florida . He couldn 't handle the weight . Oh , so now you think you 're better than me ? You think you 're better than him ? Look , let me just state for the record , I think you 're both better than me . Okay .
You mean you liked it ?|I wouldn 't say that either .
There 's got to be a back door !|Tintin ... is that you ?
Here .|You think you 're better than us , don 't you ?
Who is it ... ?|Signora , it is Colonel Sponsz . He wishes to pay his respects . But of course ! My admirers ... they adore me ! Please , Madame ! Don 't let him in !
Elaine , I hope you 're watching the clothes because I can 't take my eyes off the passion .|No , I can 't do this anymore . I can 't . It 's too long . Quit telling your stupid story about the stupid desert and just die already . Die !
No .|Amelia , what 's the matter ? Are you in trouble ?
My friend and I are in trouble .|Come in !
Bad trouble ?|Who 's the man ?
Laura , how could you think such a thing ?|Amelia , where I come from ... when a girl says she 's in trouble , she 's in trouble . Oh , no .
What is this ?|Ah , a stage prop , Colonel . The magic of the opera , yes ? Here , allow me to take your coat .
Why are the crepes spraying ?|The Dominicans are rolling them too tight . Well , that 's why you gotta get real Cubans .
Forgive me , Madame .|They are looking for two escaped spies .
Whose cane is this ? It 's Neil 's .|Cane . I knew it .
You weren 't supposed to do anything .|You must have sensed that .
My reason for doing this ... is because I no longer wish to work with such mean , unethical people as you .|Kindest regards , Laura Partridge .
Blistering barnacles ! We 've been found out ! And we 're still an hour from the border !|Faster ! They 're gaining on us ! Captain ! Unhook the roof of the back !
Could we get a couple of coffees to go , Mary ? Coming up .|So do we have a plan ?
McKeever . Joe ? Oh , General .|I 'm sorry . General , I 'll call you back .
McKeever . Joe ? I 've been expecting to hear from you .|What ? I can 't let you know on the equipment ... until I hear from the Senate about the new appropriation . How do I know ? If I can wait , so can you .
Hey , Larry , are you okay ?|Larry ?
I did not say the Ambassador is a baboon . I simply stated ... that I thought the country would be better represented by a baboon .|All right , so I 'm tactless !
Larry ?|Oh , what you doing , Thom ?
Uh , also , mate ... hello ? Geckos can 't whistle .|I warned you , didn 't I ?
Your machine just ate my card . Doesn 't work . That 's what I tried to tell you . Thank you . You 're just so helpful .|Hey , Dad .
Your secretary kept saying you weren 't here . I remembered you told me the Senate was always dragging you there . So I went over there . But you weren 't there . Then I asked Sen. Simpkins if he could help me find you ... and he took me back over here and it turns out here you are , here .|I 'm glad you 're here .
My legs . I can 't feel my legs .|Aah !
Well , sooner or later the phones are gonna free up . Let 's keep calling out until we reach somebody . Calling who ? Well , that Homeland Security message came out of Topeka . Let 's start there .|Yeah , but everybody 's thinking that . I say we start with the National Guard base in Great Bend .
I think I figured out why my mom gave me so much medicine .|To make you feel better ? No , to make herself feel better .
You said ... No , I said , were you surprised to see me ... and you said you certainly am .|I was hoping to talk to you again ... because the last time I saw you , I ...
How 's Debbie ? She 's drinking . As am I. You did everything you could , Thom , and at the end of the day , this is a mark against Gottfrid . You got to stop trying to save everyone , Thom . I mean , these days it 's hard enough to save yourself . I mean , Jesus only brought one guy back from the dead , and it was his best friend . That 's not a great lesson for the kids .|Thom ? Fucker hung up on me . I heard they were lovers .
Well , she needs to talk less and listen more . You need to learn to ease up on her .|Darcy I don 't know how long I 'll be here .
You might be right . Of course I 'm right . It 's only tragedy when you don 't see the comedy , Thom . It 's only tragedy ... when you don 't see the comedy .|Thom ? Thom ! No !
Why didn 't he talk to me ? Because he knew you 'd resent it .|And there 's a stubborn streak that runs in the family . Honey ... I think you owe him the truth . You want me to tell him about my ...
A lot of people say they 've seen him .|Who ? Joshua Butler , the ghost . It was all in the file . What file ?
This house is too small for big secrets .|What was that ? It 's a power spike .
I thought we came here to make out . Apparently , he was a sailor who was going in for a drink at a bar , and this woman smiled at him . And Joshua smiled back . You know , just smiled . Big mistake .|Especially in 1910 . Get back here , boy ! When he got up to leave , the woman 's husband and a bunch of his friends were waiting for him . For smiling .
Sit down , McKeever .|I 've got something to tell you . And if this doesn 't do it , nothing will . Once upon a time , there was a little lady stockholder ...
How long will it take you to clean out your ...|There he is now !
I 'm sure they really miss you .|See what that 's about . Mary , keep my tab open , will you ?
See what that 's about . Mary , keep my tab open , will you ?|Your tab , Stanley ? Yeah . And keep the Irish coffees coming . Till I get my farm back , at least .
It 's locked .|Oh . Well , the ... The construction crew has a trailer over in the parking lot . Somebody must be able to help . I 'll go with you .
Oh . Well , the ... The construction crew has a trailer over in the parking lot . Somebody must be able to help . I 'll go with you .|Thanks .
Dr. Tyler ? I dropped Ivan 's name , so they 're sending a foreman over with a key , but he is stuck at another site , so he can 't be here for about an hour . I can 't wait that long . I 've got to pick up Sophie . I 've got a ton of patient notes to review . You two can handle this , right ? You want us to do the investigation ? Is that a problem ?|Good . Let me know what you find .
Mr. Snell 's testimony , corroborated by his colleagues ... states that the decision to go to Washington was entirely your own . That the company would not dream of sending ... an unregistered lobbyist to Washington . He says the directors of the corporation did not even know ... you had gone to Washington till they read about it in the papers . Oh , brother !|Do you mean to tell the court ... that men of my client 's prestige and integrity ... would deliberately falsify the facts ?
The reason I went to Washington ... was because they sent me to get government orders . Your Honor , I would like to present to the court at this time ... a sworn statement by the night watchman in the Washington Hotel .|Here is one by the elevator operator ... one by the headwaiter of a Washington restaurant ... one by the busboy .
What are you doing ? Making sure she didn 't have a heart attack .|Hey you 're in good hands .
Hey you 're in good hands .|Power 's down . You 're good to go . Copy . All right , that 's it ! Power 's down . Okay , open them up .
Did you mean it ?|Mean what ?
You know , what you said in court .|Of course , I meant it . I was under oath of perjury .
It doesn 't sound like it .|I 'm trying to tell you I love you .
I think they look at me the same way . Is that why you don 't go ? Well , it 's a little more complicated than that .|Do you think grandpa blames you ?
Ashlee !|Hey , Ashlee . Let 's get out of here . Let 's go . Come on . Is anyone here ? Heather ! Come on ! Hey , come on ! Let 's go ! Better do what the angry fireman says . Let 's go . Come on this way ! Let 's go !
You can 't go in there , ma 'am . But my husband 's in there ! Stand back , please .|Ashlee , we 're going to go out another way .
There isn 't much I can do about it . Being a businesswoman and a housekeeper isn 't easy . I 'll be right back . Hello , Mirabelle .|Why don 't you sit down ?
Ready ?|This is going to help protect you .
A symbol that I am always welcome to return .|" To Ed from the boys . "
Did ... did you come here to pray ?|'Cause as you can see , this place hasn 't had a collection plate passed around in quite some time . Well , actually , I 'm ... I 'm here for my daughter . She said she had some encounter with a ghost , so I told her I would check it out . What about you ? Oh , the company buying this place is threatening to pull out , and the archdiocese is worried that they 're gonna lose the sale , so they sent me to perform an exorcism . You still do that ? Yeah , if it helps close escrow . 
'Cause as you can see , this place hasn 't had a collection plate passed around in quite some time . Well , actually , I 'm ... I 'm here for my daughter . She said she had some encounter with a ghost , so I told her I would check it out . What about you ? Oh , the company buying this place is threatening to pull out , and the archdiocese is worried that they 're gonna lose the sale , so they sent me to perform an exorcism . You still do that ? Yeah , if it helps close escrow . |So you 're catholic . Lapsed . Lapsed . I was never fond of that term . Makes it seem like you 're expired milk .
Oh , my God ! Are you hurt ? No , don 't worry about me . The little girl , she got a lot of smoke .|April , can you take her ? Eric , yeah .
I will admit that , of late ... the dividends have not been as high as we would like . However , as you all know , that is the fault of Mr. Edward L. McKeever . Now that Mr. McKeever is no longer connected ... with International Projects , nor is he in Washington ... I feel that we will find that things are looking up . Now let 's see exactly what we did do last year . You 've all been given a copy of our annual report . Suppose we all start to thumb through it together . Now I 'm ...|Just a moment , ladies and gentlemen . Yes ? Mr. McKeever and Miss Partridge are in your office .
What word would you use ?|Oh , I don 't know .
Mrs. Arnold Weatherby , 100 shares , opposed .|Mr. John Deery , 200 shares , opposed .
April , April ! Eric , Eric , there 's another fire !|We 'll get to it as soon as we can .
We 'll get to it as soon as we can .|We need help clearing the alley . The fire 's spreading . Eric , Eric , it 's heading to your house .
My father would say that 's arrogance . Don 't you think he 'd be proud ?|It 's never felt like it .
What do you want to do ?|It 's heading to your house .
It 's never felt like it .|I mean , it 's never enough , no matter what things I 've accomplished .
And yet , you have .  Faith in ourselves .|For some of us , that 's a hell of a lot harder than faith in God . 
April ?|He 's right .
I let her down , and I don 't think she 'll ever trust me again .|A woman .
If I knew anything , I would tell your mayor .|What do you know ?
Look over here , Ines ...|Over here baby ... come on . Come here , come see daddy .
To a funeral .|Yes .
" Help " .|Exactly .
Guys like that don 't leave wives for girls like us .|" Girls like us " ?
" So , you old drunk , " already making a spectacle of yourself ! "|Come in .
Sit down .|Claire ? Of course I remember her . She was ... how can I put it ... elusive , in herown world ...
Maybe nothing , but he 's getting frequent PVC 's .|Well , what did the test results say ?
To the happy couple .|Hey , we got it . We got it . Save your house !
Oh ! I think this is how our ghost has appeared and disappeared . These old churches had old rooms like this so that priests could come and go with a flair of mystery . Oh .|So much for transdimensional spectral phenomena .
Hawkins !|Come on !
Come on !|What the hell are you doing ?
Family was always more important to me .|Well , I know it doesn 't seem like it sometimes , but it 's important to me , too . Well , then , why do you continue to shut us out ? Ever since Will died .
You 're still here . Yeah .|Did my parents ... ?
You going home now ?|You going to stay here all night ?
I was just trying to help .|I know .
And then , suddenly I felt ... strangely moved .|Here it is , Mr Brejoux . It 's all yours now .
Here it is , Mr Brejoux . It 's all yours now .|It 's like buying shoes ... if you want good ones , you pay the price .
It 's like buying shoes ... if you want good ones , you pay the price .|A little Mercedes carwas Martin 's favorite toy at the orphanage .
A little Mercedes carwas Martin 's favorite toy at the orphanage .|He was adopted too young to remember it .
Cat , don 't you think you 've done enough of that already ?|Mom ! Mom , mom , we have people here to do that , you know ? You mean you had some . Your father chased ' em all away . Oh , well , I guess that means you must be feeling better . You 're damn right I am . So when can I get the hell out of here ? Trust me , everyone at this hospital is looking forward to that day just as much as you . Hey , you know , Sophie came to visit this morning . Mm , she 's a good kid , Carolyn , and she 's had a tough year . I know . We 're doing the best we can . Well , we can help with that . Even teenagers need their grandparents . I promise we 'll both come by a lot more often . That 's good . Good . That 'll be nice for your mother . What about you ? I 'll be there .  If I 'm not out running . You could join me , if ... if you want to .
Meet the theater 's PR woman .|Her job sure demands lots of skills .
The world has changed .|Please . We can think about this .
Isn 't it the same for journalists ?|For now I 'm happy just to ask questions .
Wade , is it ? You know what ? I think I left some school books up in my room , so ...|Uh , hey , Mom ?
Uh , hey , Mom ?|You know how I said that you don 't really believe in anything ?
Are you really an orphan ?|It 's possible that I am one , but it 's possible that I 'm not ...
What do you mean ?|I 've got amnesia .
I can 't see . Turn the lights on !|Turn the lights on , please ! I can 't see .
The same way we did today .|We lost a few buildings , but no lives .
More like a storyteller .|You were saying ?
Doctor ! Please take me to an ophthalmologist . Please ! Help me !|Where 's the doctor ! This is a lie .
Turn on the lights ! Turn on the lights ! Turn on the lights !|Turn on the lights !
Eventually Claire 's face became his heroine 's .|Arnaud mixed reality with fiction .
I didn 't know to what extent her brother 's loss haunted her .|No one could ever fill the void .
Did you have lunch ? You want to go eat at home ? I have to go to school . I will call you when I get there . Jang Il .|I heard you 're taking the Bar Exam this year . Don 't worry about anything else and just study .
We went ourseparate ways .|I can 't even write anymore .
I 'm never going back .|Sorry .
That was my tools .|Come on , son . It 's bedtime . Will you come tuck me in , Dad ? Okay .
This revolver is a Smith Wesson 357 Magnum , 4 inch barrel , six shooter .|You can wear it in your holster , or in a shoulder strap like this , or hidden inside .
Did you fix the problem ?|Daddy 's working on it .
Daddy 's working on it .|After all these years , wanting to have the whole family around the table ...
Ji Yeon ! It 's red light . I will help you .|I 'm ok !
Did he kill him ? Yes .|Instantly ...
Slowly .|You 're across . Thank you . Take care .
I like them . There is no pot for them .|Over there .
Yeah , I could go for a slice of Mom 's blueberry pie . Fried chicken and some fresh corn on the cob . Blueberry pie ...|Excuse me . They 're getting a feed at Bailey 's . Let 's turn on the TV . No , they 're the only ones picking it up . I think it 's a satellite feed from D.C.
Excuse me . They 're getting a feed at Bailey 's . Let 's turn on the TV . No , they 're the only ones picking it up . I think it 's a satellite feed from D.C.|You 're coming , aren 't you ?
This armored bullet is coated with copper and filled with lead .|The gun is always charged while facing the target .
Thanks .|Watch out , don 't touch the trigger . There , that 's good .
Soo Mi !|Where are the flowers ? Where am I right now ? Is there anyone next to me ?
Go ahead .|Very good .
I got this .|It is an engagement ring and ...
It is an engagement ring and ...|I thought that for the moment we are ready for a compromise , but ... but I just want you to know how I feel .
Ten days since Sandrine left .|Still no news from Claire .
Also ... You want to wear this ?|No .
There are 9 steps . There are 13 steps at the top .|I can do it alone from here .
How do you know it was red ? You told me .|Why would I say it was red if it was blue ? Poor Marcellin , you 're losing your mind .
It 's late . Come on , man . What happens ?|Did you hear that ? It was time for it to arrive .
I brought you some rice cake .|How are you doing ?
O ... U ...|X !
Here we go .|Yes ! here we go !
Martin believed that he was predestined to repeat his family history . Incapable of escaping his past , he lived in anguish .|It 's because of that woman and her scythe .
How did you know about this place ?|Jang Il told you about my place ?
Bricey as uqe 're very sexy , will have the master bedroom . This is bullshit . David .|Fucking asshole ! I have my laptop there , asshole . That 's your bag ? Dude , I thought it was from Taylor . No , friend . Something is wrong with you child .
Sun Woo .|Rest well then .
Now , the lady and I , Miss and I took the other master bedroom ... Where do sweet and passionate love .|At least clear , you know , want to change room and they want to take this , while me and and the girls take the other .
The girl in the mirror is Henriette Cadet before she met Leon Brejoux .|They moved to Veulettes after herthird miscarriage .
We 're not your real parents .|We adopted you when you were little .
Even if his or her conditions won 't improve , rashly taking someone 's life is never allowed .|I also agree with this ruling of the court .
Yes , two for me . Boy , I need my vitamins . I 'm out . And one for Naomi . Thank you .|Well , five bucks says can not have much beer .
They say he has a chance of seeing after a surgery .|But the chance is slim . It 's also really expensive . Whether he gets surgery or not , he will have to go to Seoul .
Claire , why don 't you say hello to your mother ?|My little girl , my sweetheart ...
Oh , shit . Um ...|Residence Newbuck . This is Mr. Newbuck .
Someone must have come .|Sun Woo ! Did someone come ?
At five she entered an orphanage , and was separated from her brother .|Claire 's father died tragically , and her mother was incapable of raising two children alone .
Sun Woo ! Did someone come ?|Is it the lady downstairs ? Lee Jang Il that bastard . How can he not come when his friend is hurt like that .
Hey guys ! Wait a second !|It can take many beers ? Howard ! Howard , you 're there ?
Claire was a beautiful child , studious , and very gifted .|Sometimes she had a strange look , the kind you often see with abandoned children .
Estabien , I 'll try again from the other phone . Oh , my God , I have to call Mom . If , after I call my father . I 'm sure everything is fine . We just need to stay calm . Yes , do not know where , missile target . Guys grabbing tenermos pack up and get out of here . Baby , baby , baby , wait . No , no , no . I just talked to my father . He says he safest place in an attack is a rural area . Then we should stay here . and expect milateres launch their contingency plan . That makes sense , I mean , in a rural area there are few people . It will be a minor impact . Therefore , theoretically , the worst place would be a city like New Orleans , right ? Shit , my brother is in New Orleans . Bebe , the military . He will aestar well . Why New Orleans ? Yes , guys , honestly , I vote for staying here , let that shit explode in the sky And continue having a good time . Are you crazy ? Yes , and who says that we are voting ? Guys , it is not such a bad idea . We only have one car here . We should probably decide what to do as a group . All right , all in favor of staying here ... raise your hand .|All right , and all in favor of leaving ?
It was a mess that day .|Doc ! Please take me to an ophthalmologist . Please help me .
I wish we could , at least , find out which way the missiles were headed . I know , me , too .|I told my dad not to get rid of the fucking TV .
Why did you try to kill me ?|Hello ?
So many times ...|If only I 'd known ...
I 'm gonna marry that girl .|Yeah , you should . That way my best friend can be my lawyer and his girl can be my doctor .
You 're sticking me with the bill .|When Martin was little , he must 've been traumatized by his real parents .
Well , be thankful you have her , man . She 's a great girl .|Yeah , I am .
They say the human brain is more developed than a computer .|For a kid , emotions and stuff like that pile up . Like a computer virus , and kind of alternates your mind . I 'm pretty sure ... that 's what happened to Martin , he inherited a kind of ... virus when he was born .
For a kid , emotions and stuff like that pile up . Like a computer virus , and kind of alternates your mind . I 'm pretty sure ... that 's what happened to Martin , he inherited a kind of ... virus when he was born .|Why are you smiling ? I forbid you to be happy .
Some things are just inevitable in life .|It 's not in our power to stop them all .
You 're going to be sorry . Stop worrying , it wasn 't your fault !|The guy could 've been hit by anybody . Yes , but it happened to me .
Blaming yourself for something you couldn 't help is just foolish .|You just have to go on with your life .
You know , I 'm not perfect , either , so we can grow together .|Oh , aren 't you the one that told me that he was afraid of commitment ? Okay , come on , stop giving me a hard time . The reason I 'm telling you this is because after school , we plan on moving in together .
Just tell me what to throw away and what to keep . I will take care of it for you .|It 's good that you remember it .
I can smell the woods . You came here often . You even fought me here too ! Although you kicked my ass .|Sun Woo , come by 6 on your birthday .
So what ?|So ...
What 's wrong ? I was going to see my father here .|I remember .
What 's he doing ?|What the ...
Yeah , so it is ... yeah , right here .|There they are .
It 's gone . Let 's go to the police station together . It 's better than going alone . I will go to your place tomorrow morning . Forget about your father . Sun Woo ! Don 't go ! I beg you ! I killed your father ! Let 's just say that your father died because of my mistake . So just forgive me . Don 't go to the police station .|Sun Woo ! Are you ok ? Are you hurt ? Sun Woo ! Sun Woo !
The bullet ?|I 'd like to make a pendant out of it .
Of course .|Here they are . I need a ...
I 'd like to make a pendant out of it .|What an idea .
I 'm just trying to have a little fun .|Seriously , Howard , do you realize how inappropriate your behavior is right now ? What are you talking about ?
For our Seoul branch location , I 'm looking at one place above the river and two below the river . None of them perfectly suit our demands .|Is he out of his mind ?
Is he out of his mind ?|Sun Woo , the cab is here .
Thank you .|So , what 's up for today ? You want to go swimming or what ?
Happy anniversary !|You shouldn 't have , dear .
You shouldn 't have , dear .|What anniversary is this ? We were joined in wedded bliss three years ago today . Three years already !
I take them back .|I 'm going to call Jang Il to come from Seoul . If a close friend comes to comfort him , he could get better .
Brice , don 't !|Brice !
Are you going to die ?|Good thinking then .
Me and Howard ? What are you talking about ? Oh , don 't act dumb . I stood here last night and heard you guys upstairs .|And he 's been acting really weird since yesterday . Sharley , there 's nothing going on with us .
He 'll drive me crazy !|Marcellin , that 's good . It works . Come down , the roast is getting cold .
How scary . Fine , I 'll leave . I 'm leaving .|When your memory comes back , you have to take back what was taken from you .
All I can say is , he didn 't avoid him . It wouldn 't surprise me . I always thought he was a bit shady .|That was the first I 'd heard of Martin . I 'm not sure why , but ... I decided then to include him in my book .
Mrs. Kim ! Hello ! How are you doing ? I haven 't seen you for a long time !|Thank you for the invitation , Madam . It 's an honor to have you here . I saw Mr. Jin at the golf course during the weekend .
Fuck you ... for calling yourself my friend and fucking my boyfriend . And fuck him ! For being the liar that he is .|I just wanted to come here and see you .
It was his fourth suicide attempt this year . Too bad it happened to you .|It must have been fate .
They are just like the ones you can get on the streets . Oh ... In that case ... They are perfectly for my taste . Really ? They are colorful .|Are you interested in investing in funds ?
Your license is suspended for six months .|Sorry .
Springfield , and please stay in your homes .|Lock your doors and do not venture outside . What the fuck ?
And your wife ... how 's she taking all this ?|My wife ? Really well .
No ... Howard .|Get off of me ! No ! No ! No ! No !
No , no , baby ! Baby !|Oh , my god !
Oh , my god !|Holy fuck ! Holy fuck ! Dude , get out !
And like an agate , she 's a precious stone , pure and transparent , that I contemplate each day with wonder .|You 're a poet .
That 's Ben Hur .|They 're inseparable .
Jang Il , I remember everything .|I think I know why you did that .
She 's pretty .|And a good cook too !
I can 't forgive you .|Even until the day I die , I 'm not going to forgive you .
See you again .|Thank you .
Are you nuts !|That Saturday I was with Michel .
Lee Jang Il must be really busy . We even wrote him to come here once . He 's not calling us back .|I 'm going to go see him myself . I will ask him to come for Sun Woo .
I 'm going to go see him myself . I will ask him to come for Sun Woo .|Sleep well ?
You didn 't drool , so don 't worry .|What 's wrong ?
Why did I mention that pendant ?|Now Franck is furious .
I don 't even want to know them .|I don 't need anyone .
Smile at me ...|Franck , if you don 't smile at me in five seconds , I 'll stab myself with this fork .
What you want the most right now is to see again .|When you can 't have what you want , you must do what you can .
What happened ?|What happened to her ?
I can 't handle this right now . Just fucking tell me , all right ?|Just tell me !
Really ?|You made the right decision . Thank you , Sun Woo .
Sandrine got me a job as a waiter in the barwhere she sang .|The last thing I expected that day was to get news about Claire . I 'll have a whiskey .
You made the right decision .|Geum Jool , go to Seoul tomorrow and find a room for Sun Woo . What do I know about Seoul ? Fine then . Let 's all go together , stay in a motel , and then find a room .
Geum Jool , go to Seoul tomorrow and find a room for Sun Woo . What do I know about Seoul ? Fine then . Let 's all go together , stay in a motel , and then find a room .|Jang Il is at Seoul .
You 're lucky he didn 't press charges .|What were you trying to prove ...
Jang Il is at Seoul .|And ? Ask Jang Il . Ask him if we could stay until we find a room .
And one of them just grabbed her and then I couldn 't do anything .|I just ran into the room and I shut the door and I locked it and I tried to be quiet .
What about Mr. Park 's magnolia ?|It still has a few flowers .
Yes .|Why wouldn 't I help her if I could ? Guys , listen , this isn 't gonna get us anywhere , okay ?
I want you to grow up a bit .|When are you going to start acting like a man , Martin ?
Okay ?|We have to get out of here .
Steps ! Steps !|The mountain you can see from your steps is green now .
Stop !|Let me go !
Fool ! Long time no see . Jang Il ! Are you really Lee Jang Il ?|Yeah , fool ! Can 't you recognize my voice ?
That would have been the right thing to say .|Don 't worry , baby .
Supreme Court , 1912 .|According to article 13 of the Penal Code , Mr. Martin Brejoux , son of Leon and Henriette Brejoux ... found guilty of rape , and strangling his wife Cathy , is sentenced to death .
Yeah , fool ! Can 't you recognize my voice ?|Look at you ! You look so much better .
I need to talk to dad . When is he coming back ? Saturday , you know that dear .|Tell me what 's bothering you .
I like your place . Let me drink some water .|I have it in the fridge .
I have it in the fridge .|Soo Mi ! You can use this room . Geum Jool , you want to sleep with Sun Woo or do you want to sleep in the living room ? I will sleep in the living room . That way it 's easy for me to go to the bathroom .
Thank you , Jang Il .|Don 't thank me . Sun Woo ! You said that you were thirsty . You want water ? I can go .
There is no Search and Rescue .|Then we have to leave .
No , his father , the real one I mean , was hit by a truck . His mother had a breakdown . The poor woman !|My God .
It 's not really the same thing dear . Ben Hur is just a dog . So ...|He 's an innocent being with feelings and emotions .
I don 't know .|Where did we see each other last ?
You 've reached the Fontana residence . Please leave a message .|Claire , it 's Arnaud .
No .|I remember saying that I will pay for your tuition .
Be careful .|Yeah , okay .
Oh , my god . He 's not coming back .|Quiet , Sharley . He left us .
I cut myself .|Can they make that pendant for you ?
He is handsome .|I 'm going to take my son to the U.S. And ? I will make him the best man in the world .
Taylor , please , just jump !|Taylor !
Brice , stop the car !|Fuck , Brice !
Fuck , Brice !|Taylor , go , go , go , go . Come on , come on . Go , go , go , go !
Sweetie , it 's okay .|Quiet , quiet .
Quiet , quiet .|Brice , just keep going on this road about two more miles and it 's gonna hit the main road . That 's gonna take us through town .
What ?|The color of the tie .
The color of the tie .|I hesitate between yellow and green .
Can you move ?|Oh , my god , I 'm stuck ! Sharley , Sharley ! Grab her leg ! Sharley , we 're gonna pull your legs out , ready ? One , two , three . Grab the right leg .
Come on !|Get up ! Go , go , go !
Drink some coffee , Sun Woo .|Did you hear that ? This is the front gate .
Come here !|Hurry up !
Needless to say , she kept us waiting .|Oh my God !
I love you , Sun . I love you !|What about Jin and Sun ?
I won 't .|Morning .
That 's incredible .|Isn 't Mr. Brejoux a trucker ? He 's a travelling salesman .
I 'll be all right , but we need to figure something out .|Okay , okay , what 's our plan ?
Travelling salesman ... trucking ... same thing , isn 't it ?|Not really .
My father 's coffin , you found it ?|Yes , sir . It 'll be arriving in Los Angeles by the end of the day .
They had a little girl , you know .|Her name was ... Ji Yeon .
Her name was ... Ji Yeon .|Jin hadn 't even met her yet .
Jin hadn 't even met her yet .|Locke did this to them .
Well , try to get some rest , okay ?|In the morning , we 'll head out and find some help .
What 's wrong ?|It 's just , I , you know , I get wonky around dead stuff . Do you have something you wanna share , Miles ?
It 's your daughter .|After you left , I buried her .
Oh , my god , please tell me this is all just a dream .|Guys , we should get going .
Even if she had good reason to run , I couldn 't take being abandoned .|I feel like I 'll never know who she really is .
Hello , Benjamin .|May I come in ?
Are you sure nothing else is exasperating you ?|Mrs. Fontana , come with me please .
If you don 't want to die , we need to hide .|This may sting a bit , Mr. Linus . It 's Dr. Linus , actually .
Oh , that hurts .|Shit !
Dr. Linus ?|Are you all right ?
Come on , we have to leave . Make it quick .|Thanks .
Let me get that .|Okay , guys , we gotta go to campus .
I need you .|Listen , we 'll start all over again , from scratch .
Tell me you want to .|I beg you .
Come on , Sharley , get up ! Get up !|No !
No !|Sharley !
Is that you , Martin ?|It 's me . Open up .
It 's me . Open up .|Go away .
I 'm the suspect .|Thanks for saving the taxpayers the trouble of hunting you down .
Good afternoon .|And how are you doing today ?
Oh , my god ! Oh , fuck .|Quiet .
Quiet .|Another one of those fucking frozen things .
Maybe there 's another solution .|What solution ? You want to get married ?
We gotta go back . We gotta go back .|Baby , we can 't . I mean , we 're so fucking close already . David , it 's too dangerous . We don 't have enough time .
Do you know the " Jungle Beast " ?|No .
No .|He killed them .
It 's the story of a boy who 's convinced a glorious destiny awaits him .|He grows up believing this , but shares it with no one , except a young girl he meets one day .
What do you want ' em for ?|Hey !
Did you see a kid run by here with your ashes ?|My ashes are right there in that fire .
The girl understands .|She accepts that he 'll never be available , and decides to wait with him .
Care to join me outside while I wait for the inevitable ?|I 'm gonna talk to him . I know this man . All he wants is for me to join him , and if I can get him to leave with me , maybe that 'll give you a chance .
David !|Baby !
Can I get you a glass of lemonade ?|I need you to kill some people for me , Ben . And why would I do that ? Because once I leave this island , you can have it all to yourself .
It 's just not fair .|It 's just not fair .
Yes .|And the jungle beast gets him ?
Hello , Alex .|Oh , my God . What happened ? I found myself confronting someone that had a bit of a temper . What ? Why would someone want to hurt you ? You 're , like , the nicest guy ever . I guess they had me confused with somebody else .
All right , all right , give me the bag . I 'll lift you up .|Got it .
I made mashed potatoes and sausage .|Martin , are you sleeping ?
Martin , are you sleeping ?|Listen dear , you can 't sit in the dark fretting .
No , no .|He doesn 't look like one of them .
Listen dear , you can 't sit in the dark fretting .|Are you trying to scare me ?
Are you trying to scare me ?|It 's not my fault if she doesn 't want you .
God knows I asked her to talk to you . But she doesn 't want to .|I 'm here for you .
Do you mind getting that plate ?|Dr. Linus ... Thank you .
Let me in , your food 's getting cold .|This can 't go on .
Dr. Linus ... Thank you .|It 's so nice to be able to cook for someone other than Alex .
The radio .|Alternate emergency evacuation will be on the top level
I 'll put in less next time .|After you .
Aren 't you finished yet ? You 've had all morning . You want to eat up there ? Coming .|He makes me crazy !
Where 's that ?|In the middle of the road ?
Where ?|The next flight up .
Penny . You 'll kill her whether I talk to you or not . No , I won 't . I give you my word .|And I 'm supposed to take your word ? You tell me why you came back here , and I won 't hurt your daughter .
It 's not against the law , sir .|Listen , I know my job .
Listen , I know my job .|You don 't expect us to come out for a simple coincidence .
You don 't expect us to come out for a simple coincidence .|Don 't push it . My colleagues are out and I 'm very busy at the moment .
Good bye , sir .|Shit !
Look ! We 're almost there !|Come on ! Brice , hurry ! The helicopter !
I 'll tell you why I chose them and why I chose you .|Then I 'll tell you everything you need to know about protecting this island , because by the time that fire burns out , one of you is gonna have to start doing it .
Wait ! Wait !|Please help us !
When I told her she was pregnant , her joy touched me .|Ironic , since I had an abortion just after .
Brice !|Come on !
Come on !|Hurry !
Your husband is still in a meeting .|Could you please tell him to call Claire on the portable phone ?
How about with why you brought us to the island ?|I brought all of you here because I made a mistake .
The only way I can be happy , honestly .|Goodbye .
I 'll do that , I 'll drop it off .|Excuse me , can you tell him ...
Your vision will improve gradually .|But you mustn 't be impatient and strain your eyes .
Excuse me , can you tell him ...|No , don 't tell him anything .
I made him that way . And ever since then , he 's been trying to kill me .|It was only a matter of time before he figured out how , and when he did , someone would have to replace me .
It was only a matter of time before he figured out how , and when he did , someone would have to replace me .|And that 's why I brought you all here . Tell me something , Jacob . Why do I gotta be punished for your mistake ? What made you think you can mess with my life ? I was doin ' just fine till you dragged my ass to this damn rock . No , you weren 't .
What are you doing here ?|Did I hurt you ?
None of you were .|I didn 't pluck any of you out of a happy existence . You were all flawed .
I didn 't pluck any of you out of a happy existence . You were all flawed .|I chose you because you were like me .
Can I drop you off somewhere ?|Are you sure you 're alright ?
You were all alone .|You were all looking for something that you couldn 't find out there .
I chose you because you needed this place as much as it needed you .|Why did you cross my name off of your wall ? Because you became a mother .
Don 't worry , I changed my mind .|Feel better ?
Anyway ...|This is my piano . I 'm studying sixth grade .
I 'm not going to pick , Hugo .|I want you to have the one thing that I was never given ...
There are no doggies up there , just stars .|Ines ... look at daddy . Go see daddy .
This is why I 'm here .|This is ...
Stop moaning . Eat the chicken . It 's good , huh ? Of course it 's good . Why isn 't Bobby eating ?|Daddy , come and eat .
No .|Good .
Good .|Then it 's time .
You 're too good to me .|Want some coffee ?
Want some coffee ?|Maybe you don 't .
Let 's go Bobby . Matthieu , you stay here !|That Saturday ? We were having a family meal like every Saturday . Dad was in a bad mood as usual . Bobby was fussing over his car . The car couldn 't be any cleaner . Suddenly this kid comes running up . Talk about a story . Mind you , I didn 't see a thing . I can 't stand the sight of blood . I knew something was going to happen . We never imagined we 'd be on TVthough . You called the police before the shot ? Yes , because we heard a screech ... You know the cops , if no one 's hurt ... And after I called the police .
How long am I gonna have to do this job ?|As long as you can .
I 'm the one who called the police . But when they got here it was too late . No . You were the one to call forthe othersuicide . You weren 't in the house when I called . Stop talking nonsense . You always have to be right . You 're getting it all mixed up . I always said Brejoux 's son was bad .|It happened in exactly the same spot .
The bullet pierced the trachea , and was lodged in the spinal column , causing a lesion in the vertebrae . The victim probably died instantly .|Who knows the lifespan of a bullet ? This one lived 149 days .
Who knows the lifespan of a bullet ? This one lived 149 days .|Its remains will be kept until the case is closed then archived . Have you got any leads ? We 're still investigating . It 's too early to comment .
All righty . Here 's Jarrah and Hume .|The little lady next door is Austen . Been real nice having y 'all . We 're shipping you off to county , so best of luck and vaya con Dios .
Where 's your friend with my money ? Otherwise , I 'm gonna have to say I shot all of you trying to escape . Don 't worry . He 'll be here .|Here he comes .
But everything seems like shit .|So meaningless that ... I just don 't understand .
We ... are going to a concert .|Let 's go .
But I 'm fucking empty !|The psychiatrist gives me pills . A classmate at the conservatory laughed and said I was mad .
I like the feel of my feet on the ground . Reminds me that I was human .|We 're here .
We 're here .|Are you thirsty ?
Looks like someone helped him out .|No , Ben . Someone helped me out .
Hello , sir .|Please excuse her . She 's a bit shaken up .
Please excuse her . She 's a bit shaken up .|I was on the road when I found out .
But deep down ...|I just want to know how to hang on to life . That 's all .
No , Ben . Someone helped me out .|What did Widmore say to you ?
Jacob 's last resort in case , God forbid , I managed to kill all of his beloved candidates . One final way to make sure that I never leave this place .|Then ... why are you happy that he 's still alive ?
And when I do , he 's gonna help me do the one thing that I could never do myself .|I 'm gonna destroy the island .
Commander Augustus Kolya . We are in control of Atlantis .|Sheppard has just disabled another generator . Yes , Ladon , I 'm aware of that ! Reinforcements are arriving now , commander .
Fuck !|That 's a nice ticker !
The problem is ... it 's not worth much now .|Why did you do that ?
Things are going well , huh ?|With you here , they 'll be better .
What 's this , kid ? You trust him so much you don 't even count it ? I don 't trust anyone , but the customer 's always right . Have some , you earned it .|Let 's go .
Let 's go .|What do you think of him ?
Sheppard has just disabled another generator . Yes , Ladon , I 'm aware of that ! Reinforcements are arriving now , commander .|We already have serious flooding in the north and west piers . Oh , it 's no use ! The City conduits just can 't handle this kind of raw power . I think I know where we can get another nuke . Major , I don 't know how sympathetic the Genii will be to our situation . You heard our message . The Wraith are at our doorstep . We have an opportunity for you to test your weapon .
We already have serious flooding in the north and west piers . Oh , it 's no use ! The City conduits just can 't handle this kind of raw power . I think I know where we can get another nuke . Major , I don 't know how sympathetic the Genii will be to our situation . You heard our message . The Wraith are at our doorstep . We have an opportunity for you to test your weapon .|This is Weir . I 've got the prototypes .
When it was me driving , I hit the guy .|You know why he 's dead and I 'm alive ?
Your dress .|Do you like it ?
Do you like it ?|I don 't know .
Oh , my God .|Is that the building you were in ?
What does that mean ?|Do you like it or not ? If you don 't , tell me , because I think yours is boring .
Do you like it or not ? If you don 't , tell me , because I think yours is boring .|Boring ?
Yes .|Where can I drop you off ?
Why ?|It just is , don 't you see ?
Turn the alarm off to start the car .|Don 't worry , I 'm completely harmless .
You smell so nice ... Please .|But you smell so good .
Dog tags .|These are Lorne 's .
Where 's the paper that was inside it ?|It was a secret paper .
It was a secret paper .|Will you tell me where it is ?
We saw each other from time to time back then .|Sometimes she seemed a bit absent .
Open a channel .|Atlantis base , this is Ladon Radim . We hear you . This is Weir .
I was beginning to fear the rumors of your destruction were true . What do you want ?|I have something to trade . Don 't think I don 't recognize you , Ladon . You 're a member of Kolya 's strike force . You tried to forcibly take this City from us .
This is far , far better than the last trade you made with the Genii , Doctor , and you know it .|I 'm transmitting the Gate address to the planet I 'm on . You can send a team to search me if you wish , but I am unarmed and alone . I 'll be here for two hours .
At one point , I looked at the girl sitting beside me and she was crying too .|When she saw me , she smiled .
If I don 't hear from you within that time , this Zero Point Module will be lost to you forever .|The choice is yours .
No ... but we still need it .|Well , flying City or not , I think we should consider this .
The work is very easy . Watch how it 's done . Now you try .|It 's important to be alert and not lose the rhythm .
Correct me if I 'm wrong , but aren 't you the one the Genii threatened to kill on two separate occasions ? He says he 's alone , and he 's willing to be searched . Wait a minute . We should be dealing with Lorne and his team , find out what happened to them .|Teyla and Ronon will continue with that investigation , and you can join them once you finish up with this .
Don 't kill yourself .|Don 't get in a panic . If they pile up , that 's normal .
Come in .|What ? You look horrible .
The rest you know .|Did this , Dira try to stop you ?
Didn 't even eat anything .|Never known wolves to kill for no apparent reason .
It 's probably brain fever . No shit .|What 's alpha ?
Did this , Dira try to stop you ?|No .
I don 't remember . Can you think of any reason , any reason at all , that the people of this village would want to attack Lorne and his men ?|No .
One more deal , these ranchers will be shooting ... anything with a tail .|Finding the wolf isn 't gonna be the problem .
What is ?|Wolf finding me first .
What , no ZPM ? I sent it to another planet for safekeeping . How stupid do you think I am ?|From what I remember , I gave you a pretty good crack on the head last time we met . I guess I was kind of hoping it made you simple . No , it didn 't , but ever since then , I 've been plagued with headaches .
Sam , we 've been trying to reach you all day . Over .|I can 't track with the radio on , Frank .
Kid , you haven 't got the balls to ride that bike or the money to buy it .|For fuck 's sake .
For fuck 's sake .|But I can buy you a drink . Will you let me ?
I 'm almost there . The tracks are getting easier to read .|Sam ... it 's your sister .
What has he said ?|Not much . Apparently he doesn 't like me . Okay , take him to my office . Your office ? Really ?
Are you thinking of taking my place , or what ? Shit , no way .|Selos , I gave you 50 and look what you gave me back .
Selos , I gave you 50 and look what you gave me back .|The bastard !
San Francisco Police Department .|Logon and password ?
Hey , do you know what Selos ' real name is ?|His name ?
This is a fucking waste of time . Thanks for the input . Half of what we do is a waste of time .|You guys want some coffee ? I don 't .
Police ! Open the fucking door !|Do it .
They 've got big mouths . Don 't believe them . I haven 't retired , and I 'm not going to .|I 'm not through yet .
We suspect Cowen had him murdered .|But you can 't prove it ?
But you can 't prove it ?|Not yet . And in Kolya 's absence ... Our people were looking for leadership .
Damn it !|What the fuck is this ?
Are you fucking kidding me ? I have no idea . How much you want to bet it was our mystery man ?|Suppose you want me to send out an APB . Why don 't you run and do that ?
I figured you 'd be more than willing to help if we could give you something of value . How do we know you 'll be any better than Cowen ? Look , I know you don 't trust me ... but if Cowen uses his new atomic weapons to enslave other worlds , then the Genii are no better than the Wraith , and you can have your ZPM , but you must help me stop that from happening .|Never heard of her .
Are you certain ? Dira . She was friends with the men who were killed last night . I said I never heard of her .|This is a small community , friend . Surely you know her . She lived in the house that burned down .
I did it .|That 's him , all right . Who is he ?
Daddy makes them . Let 's go heat them up .|Watch .
Seduction is like fishing . You throw a look which can be a real hook .|You try it now with this guy .
This one 's a stewardess . Neighbors thought she was in Asia . Fellows are calling him " The Acupuncturist . " Naturally .|No name .
We 've been waiting half an hour .|I couldn 't get here earlier .
You have to finish it all . No .|This is the food of the future .
This is the food of the future .|Astronauts eat this .
I think so .|I 'll tell Ladon that we need a bit more time and to set up a way to contact him . I left one of our best special ops guys on the planet when we searched him . If Ladon goes anywhere , my guy will find him . Good thinking .
I was younger than you the first time I got drunk .|If you knew the benders I 've been on .
I hope Beckett found some sort of clue , because this was a giant waste of time .|Excuse me !
Something .|Holy shit !
You ... You left this behind . It 's not ours .|Yes , it is .
Hang around after , I 'll buy you a drink for my birthday , all right ? Great ! Thanks , but I can 't . I 'm doing some overtime . It 's your loss . Some other time . Thanks , anyway . Happy birthday !|Don 't work so hard . You 'll have a heart attack .
I 'm afraid I don 't have much time , but , please , tell me , what I can do for you ? We were just checking in , saying hi , since we really haven 't been in contact since the last culling . We barely survived the last culling . I can 't help but think how close to extinction we came as a people .|Our former ambitions have been tempered by the real world , I 'm afraid .
The overmatched predator would need the element of surprise and venom ... to gain control of a larger prey .|This may be a woman .
What 's going on here ? Come on , go to sleep . Your dad 's very tired .|Let 's have supper , you 're exhausted .
This may be a woman .|Maybe not .
Go on !|This looks delicious .
We 've been busy trying to fulfill our people 's most basic needs .|You know , we could help with that .
Twin Peaks Park . Clarendon Avenue 's on the other side .|You have a radio ?
You know , with supplies , even manpower . And why would you do that ? Well , we probably wouldn 't be here if it wasn 't for the nukes you gave us , so ...|We owe you one .
We owe you one .|We are a proud people , Sheppard , but we do know how to accept help when we need it .
Wherever the track leads me .|What didn 't you understand about " Stay clear of our investigation " ?
On that note , we 've been contacted by a Genii named Ladon .|At last , the real reason why you 're here .
And next month I can do more overtime .|I 'm going to change my image and become a vegetarian . It 's nice to feel attractive , right ? Stand out a bit among all those insipid faces .
He 's been telling the Manarians that I 've been slaughtering our own people for food .|Ladon blames me for Kolya 's disappearance , and while , yes , it 's true I neither respected nor liked the man , I had nothing to do with his presumed demise .
Tomorrow I 'll buy the black dress . I can see it all . I 'm on the stage , I play the last notes , I hear the applause .|I won 't be like everyone . I can 't be like everyone . If I don 't win this contest I 'll kill somebody .
I was there , and suddenly ...|My friend started to feel me up .
I hope you 'll accept it as an act of good faith that your secret is safe with the Genii .|My men will see you to the Gate .
If only you knew how aroused I was that night .|I can still see those boxers punching each other and the people shouting and that smell of sweat while I was dying of pleasure .
The writing on the side here is in a bunch of different languages , offering a great reward for their capture . I bet they 've been circulated to dozens of planets .|I hope you are wrong .
Offworld activation !|Everybody , relax . We don 't want to tip them before they 're all in position .
I don 't know .|Look , those are always together .
Let you put your nose to the dirt with your little tracking stick .|Unbelievable .
Ladon will send it through once we have returned to our world safely .|I thought you might say that .
I don 't think you 're wrong .|But he clearly didn 't take that bus , and we have to figure out why . Time for me to do my job .
I thought you might say that .|What 's going on ? I 'm sorry , but you 're being temporarily detained . Colonel ? Go ahead . You have a go . Understood .
Okay .|Hi .
I know .|Did they tell you ?
Hey , you !|Can 't you see the gas is spilling ?
Can 't you see the gas is spilling ?|You bastard !
He has a sexual and social fixation ... with medical professionals . He 'll think of himself as a medical professional . He 'll have found reasons to be around hospitals ... throughout his adult life .|How do you explain Melody Wilson ? She was a flight attendant .
You should 've thrown the lighter . Are you crazy ? I just wanted to scare them .|Just imagine everything burning up and exploding ! Fucking terrific !
Thanks , Carlos !|What happened ? The roller system on that machine failed and I had to go and fix it . Rosa , for crissake .
Feel safer ? A little bit .|Is that it ?
Is that it ?|It is . Slide it over .
But if they 're happy their colors become bright , intense .|Like people .
Like people .|Well , like people 's eyes .
He must rely on complete surprise . Who the fuck are you ?|He 's a tracker .
Let me see .|Hello , Carlos . How are you ?
Hello , Carlos . How are you ?|Well , as you know , we had problems with the previous manager , and the firm has decided you should take his place .
He 's assisting me . is that right ?|And how exactly do you know that his eyes are sensitive ... and that he doesn 't like going out during the day ?
Police !|I don 't think the battering ram 's gonna break this thing down !
I don 't think the battering ram 's gonna break this thing down !|Go get the grinder !
Lure us here , take our weapons , trade us for some more , arm your rebellion . Is that about it ?|Couldn 't be more wrong . There is no rebellion , Colonel Sheppard .
It 's not bad .|Want another ?
What the hell is going on here ? I want to talk with Dr. Weir . The Gate has to be active . It already is . Oh . Well ...|Dr. Weir , this is commander Cowen , leader of the Genii .
You have to find a spot that won 't get direct light .|You 'll find it . Well , for the time being , here .
You 'll find it . Well , for the time being , here .|You have to change the water occasionally .
What is it ?|It 's a drug sex offenders use .
This is pretty interesting .|These two plates , here , that they cut through ... they were bolted and welded , tight .
Even if you cure us , Cowen will never relent . I 'm afraid that 's not my department . Now , are you experiencing any pain at all ? Why ? Why would you help us ? Because I 'm a doctor . That 's what I do . Why you would do this , allow yourself to be used like this ?|I 'm dead anyway . What does it matter ? Not yet , the last time I checked your pulse . Besides , even if there was no hope , I 'd prefer to die surrounded by my friends and family , in my own home . I am doing this to ensure that my friends and family have a home . Can 't you understand that ? This is the one thing that I can do and I am glad to do it .
Not bad , huh ?|We can 't afford a house like these . With my new job and the mortgage we can do it . I spoke to the bank .
What are we getting into ? This is it . We 're here . Let 's check it out .|In you go .
We were pinned down . The suspect had us ambushed . It was Sam who saved our lives . Well , shit ! Tell me at least that this Denny Reese is good on the killings .|Shit .
They 're never gonna deal . You 're going to have to kill us .|I fully expect to have to kill you .
Why didn 't you just take us hostage when we came to visit ?|Why take two hostages if you could have a dozen ?
Hungry ?|Yes .
Okay , now use that top finger to sort of pinch it .|You come from a long line of cops ?
My nose is like some kind of decoration . All it can do is sniffle .|It 's snotty .
My ears ...|They 're ugly . I mean , really ugly .
They 're ugly . I mean , really ugly .|I look at people 's ears and I don 't understand them .
What are you doing out here ?|I needed to see the sky .
I needed to see the sky .|Back home , even the ground 's alive . Here , everything 's surrounded by pavement .
I don 't think you understand . Most of your people can be cured , including Ladon 's sister .|Oh , I understand . What you need to understand is I don 't care .
It 's disgusting .|It 's ...
What ?|I think you 're playing for time , Dr. Weir . Your people can be cured . Now , let me return them to you , and let them live out the rest of their lives with their families on their home world . The Genii need those Jumpers . Until you are prepared to part with them , this conversation is over . You kill one of my people , and we are in a state of war . Oh , yes , yes . Well , I don 't quite know how I 'll live with myself .
I will contact you again in 15 minutes so you can decide whether you would like Dr. McKay to live . In the meantime , you have forfeited the life of colonel Sheppard . Cowen , wait !|Kill him . Yes , Sir .
Anything ? We 're still connected , but he 's turned the radio off .|I 'm not getting any signal . Damn it ! Elizabeth , what if we offer them one Jumper in exchange for colonel Sheppard ? Carson , we have less than 15 minutes before they kill McKay . You can deliver all the Jumpers you want . They 're going to kill everyone . We need to attack them now .
I don 't like bathrooms .|You don 't like bathrooms .
I get the message .|But not him . Get another driver .
But not him . Get another driver .|He 's a great driver .
Yeah .|What 's that ?
What 's that ?|It 's a bite .
Go see what 's keeping him .|It 's alright . I 'm just escorting these prisoners .
There they are !|Where are you going ? Come back ! Mateo , what 's wrong ? Mateo ! Get out of the car ! Mateo , react ! Get the fuck out of here ! Come on , we have to go !
Did I take my medication ?|I don 't know .
Now drive , bitch .|Today !
Clarke here .|Sam .
Shall I serve you ? No , thanks , I 'm not hungry . Why don 't you want to eat ? Mom is tired after the move . Come on , eat your omelet .|I don 't like it .
I don 't like it .|I haven 't made an omelet in ages . Maybe we should eat a pizza .
Wake up .|We 're going to a crime scene .
The coup was successful . Ladon Radim is the new leader of the Genii . Wow , that was fast . Yeah , once people found out Cowen and his elite guard were out of the picture , his loyalists laid down their weapons . They 're billing it as a bloodless coup because no one died on their home soil . So a nuclear explosion and the lives of an entire battalion of men don 't count ? Yeah . It 's all spin . What do you think the fallout 's going to be ? Well , historically , most coups end up with the new government being about as bad as the old one .|I don 't know , he seemed pretty grateful we saved his sister . There 's that . And he did save me and my team . There 's that , too . So I say we call it a win . Who 's spinning now ?
But don 't start thinking you won me over . It 's just the opposite . 'Cause now , whenever I look at you , I 'm just gonna see you naked .|I 'm in charge .
I don 't drink coffee .|Of course you don 't .
Of course you don 't .|You need to check this out .
Time passes very slowly here .|That 's why I don 't wear a watch , so I 'm not always checking the time .
That 's why I don 't wear a watch , so I 'm not always checking the time .|How are you ?
I was moonlighting over here last night . I walk in and I see this guy . James Orenbach . He 's a doctor . Home alone . His wife and kids are missing . One of the uniforms found this under the desk .|Needle ? Medical professional ? Homicide ? A little voice inside my head said , " Maybe there 's a connection . " You were a cop in another life , Lewis .
BIANCA : That 's me .|Martin Van Buren . Nickelback . Antidisestablishmentarianism .
Love .|Sorry .
That 's what the word " discreet " means to you ?|You 're seriously desperate , aren 't you , Buckley ?
BIANCA : Wesley and Madison were known around school as " the Relationship Strobe Light . " On again , off again , a thousand times .|Okay .
What did you just say to me ?|It 's not like a big deal , okay ? I mean , like , every group of friends has one . The one who doesn 't look as good , thus making their friends look better . The one who 's approachable and easy to talk to , because no one 's trying to get in their pants . And if you don 't know who it is , chances are it 's you . Say when . Say ...
He was here .|How does he know that ?
How does he know that ?|He just does .
How does he know that ?|He just does .
The track always reveals itself . You just have to give it time .|There it is .
There it is .|You see how that plant 's trampled ?
You see how that plant 's trampled ?|No , this one .
Hey , Elaine . Hey , you .|Hey , Jeffrey .
I don 't imagine anything .|That 's all in the past .
This is not normal behavior for a serial killer ?|Nope .
Are you sure ? Absolutely .|But I 'm annoyed she told you .
But I 'm annoyed she told you .|You could have told me . It 's between Macarena and me .
You could have told me . It 's between Macarena and me .|You still love her .
You still love her .|No .
Maybe this is not the work of a serial killer .|That doesn 't make any sense , either .
You 're aware I 'm a woman , right ?|What ? Oh , no . " Layman , " it 's just a phrase . I just mean you 're not a fashion expert . Oh , so I have bad style ?
Yeah , go ahead and check them .|Did you just unfriend me ?
If I could express all this anguish by playing the piano ...|But I can 't even do that .
Randomness .|Random victims . Random location . Random times . We 're not dealing with mastermind criminals . They 're cowards . And that 's ultimately what protects them .
The ritual .|He built us a profile so perfect ... so obvious , even the fbi computer spit out a suspect . And the whole time ... we were miles off .
That 's your third F. I don 't know what 's going on with you . But the principal and I talked and we decided until you get your grades up , you 're suspended from the team . WESLEY : Well , can 't we talk to Coach Grant about it ? Yeah , Coach Grant agrees with my decision .|Okay , okay , look , I can 't lose my scholarship .
So , how are things ?|Bad .
Come here .|Look , I 'm an idiot . And idiots don 't exactly give great advice .
Mrs. Orenbach , is there anything else you remember ? is this necessary right now ?|I 'm sorry , it is .
Things aren 't much better here , did you know that ?|You know the money I lost on that last job ?
I 'm sorry , it is .|I think that 's all she can handle .
Yeah , I understand , Mateo . You 're burned out . The clink , your liver ...|All right .
All right .|I 'll tell you what .
I 'll tell you what .|Take a couple of days , rest up , and then you 'll see things differently .
Well , look at it this way . It 's not like you could make me any more awkward , right ? That 's true .|See ? Idiot .
Uh ... I 'm gonna change . We should ... We should go .|What the shit ?
I don 't know .|I don 't know . The south , maybe .
It has something to do with premature babies . If you think a judge in this town is going to let us open confidential patient files ... so that police detectives can start harassing the grieving parents of dead babies ... you 're crazy . We are so close .|All right .
Did you want to go out with me , though ?|Out where ? To , uh , dates ? To a date ? On a date ? To a date ?
And it 's time I looked after this , right ?|I 'll come with you .
You can forget about all that .|That 's my sister .
Yes , I can see that .|And I see you , too .
And I see you , too .|What about you ?
And Orenbach .|And Green .
Do you see me ?|Look at me , please .
That 's what sucking at life looks like . Oh .|I 'm gonna , uh ...
Yeah , I was kind of having trouble getting him to notice me , so I 've brought on a sensei .|Wesley Rush .
Oh , I got a flirty .|Mazel tov , Dottie .
So what do we do now ?|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|We pull some more files . We start over .
GIRL :  : Oh , my ...|You know Bianca well . Do you think she 'd put this up to get attention ?
Give me a fruit juice .|Chilled ?
All of them .|Thank you .
They killed the kid .|What kid ?
I have him here so he can die at home .|God 's will brought him to my arms . Now I must deliver him back . I 'm sorry .
WESLEY : Yeah , Matt and I , last cup , boom , hit it . You happy now ?|Is this one of your lessons ? Hey , dummy humper , I found you a new boyfriend in health class . This is Toby too . What do you think ? Oh , Toby .
Mrs. Johnson , these men headed the medical team that saved your son 's life .|There were many doctors . I 'm sorry. I can 't help you .
WESLEY : Hey , Bianca , it 's Wesley .|Hey , look , I just ... I wanted to say that ...
He is God 's instrument .|His birth was a miracle ... and his life has been one of righteousness and purity .
WESLEY : I deserved that .|Here .
What the hell do you want ?|You 're a bastard .
May I have one of these ? That way , no one has to come back here .|Fine .
I don 't like to disturb him .|I want him to rest peacefully. I owe him that .
Here .|I promise , I didn 't send the video , okay ? I overheard Madison bragging about it to her friends . I mean , the angles weren 't even from where I was sitting .
That 's why we got to go arrest him now . It 's over , it 's him . Look , Sam , I got to do my job , okay ? One mistake can fuck this all up . You can bet he 's careful . We got to be more so . I got to deliver a case to the DA .|We 'll take his picture to our bus drivers , get a positive id ... get a full warrant , go back , turn the house upside down , and he is ours .
We 'll take his picture to our bus drivers , get a positive id ... get a full warrant , go back , turn the house upside down , and he is ours .|I ain 't leaving . We can 't make any mistakes , because we can 't risk anybody 's life .
WOMAN : Hey , you 're welcome .|Hey there . Hey , Bianca .
Men 's room .|Okay .
I think this is the first time that you and I have ever really talked .|It 's kind of nice .
April 1 , 2002 . I 'm very happy today . At last I 've found what I was looking for . A meaning to my life .|To die so that others may live . That 's what I want .
It 's kind of nice .|Yeah , it is .
Okay , moving on . Okay , so how do you set the tone at dinner ?|Lighting matters , okay ? The darker the booth , the better .
Carlos ! Take it easy .|Lie down . Lie down .
And that these people you sacrificed were baby killers .|Abortionists .
Lie down , lie down . That 's it , come on . Stretch out your legs , and your arms . That 's it .|Take it easy . Look at me . Look at me .
It 's okay .|It 's not okay .
Did you ?|I will not protect you anymore .
Hey , look at you . Studying almost like you were a real student .|Actually , I 'm just waiting for strangers to walk by so I can show them this bad boy .
Yeah .|Did you have any breakfast ?
Where 's my car ?|Goddamn it , Sam ! Shit !
BIANCA : Nightmare . I 'd only been trained for Dave Buster 's . What did Wes say ? That " no one 's making out if they 're three feet apart . "|Okay .
Your trail was followed very well .|Now , don 't you go anywhere .
Let me ask you something . What were you thinking when you saw that gun ?|Guy 's got one of us for sure . Do you remember what went through your head ? What were you thinking ?
Oh , hell , no .|Mr. Sushi ?
In my hand is a detonator . The building 's rigged to blow . And I mean kaboom !|Now , if you shoot me , I don 't set it off ... and your friend and I die together . Be a shame to end it this way . Don 't you want your day in court ? Spare me the cop psychology , ma 'am .
You said I could use it . Not as a Motel 6 , Wes . You were on a date with Toby .|Are you seriously mad at me right now ? I thought we were friends .
I want mercy .|I want to have never been born .
BIANCA : So , what does homecoming mean to me ?|The word " homecoming " itself conjures up feelings of warmth and comfort .
Kill me .|Okay .
Franky ! Here , kitty , kitty , kitty . Mama 's home .|Come on . Oh , smell the cat food .
What took you so long ?|I just thought you were nodding at me 'cause you thought I was cute . You , cute ?
Wait , hold it . He 's responsive . We got him back .|Dr. Green , I think there 's an ethical issue .
Should have used bleach . Check it out .|He must have sat her in the chair after he killed her . Why ? The fucker 's been playing house .
Darling , I can 't keep this up !|Got you . Carlo , you 're fabulous . And you , my darling nymph ... are delicious . And adorable .
Sail before steam !|I said sail before steam !
BIANCA : Whoa , look at this .|The site has thousands of comments and likes on it .
But they 're positive this time . BIANCA : Mr. Arthur was right . Kids started writing to me with their own DUFF stories , and when I posted those , more kids responded until it just became its own thing .|Oh , and Wesley ? He passed science . He 's going to Ohio State in the fall . And since I got into Northwestern , we can visit each other .
Excuse me . I got you a box of chocolates .|Don 't pay for them . It 's a present .
Go away , titch !|How 's your mum ?
" Reward for information . " " CaJJ 13607532793  "|" More repost , " " more hope "
Possibly .|Dr. Lyons . Yes ? Do you have a minute ? One .
Goodbye , Marlene . Goodbye .|Ah ! Ah ! Oh , me leg !
Tianyi|Tianyi
Hey ! Stop !|Hey ! Hey ! Help ! Help !
I 'm sorry . What happened ?|An older boy brought a handgun to his school . He was showing it off to the other kids .
Stop ! I should go in .|Wait ! Wait for me !
So cute|Lei Da of FoziJing Town Anhui Province
Goodbye , Marlene .|Forever .
Homely , but hardly pretty enough for a fine lad like you .|Hey ! Forget her . She 's not worth it . I promised Marlene I 'd do away with myself . Wait ! You 're too young to go . There 's a place in the world for a fine lad like you .
What ? Sailors ?|Wait ! Look before you leap .
Ask the poJice for heJp|It was taken when he was little
" Missing Child Notice "|I found this notice on my way to school
Dalton 's !|Dalton 's Delivery Service !
Now . Come on .|What the hell do you think you 're doing ? Hello . Go away . This is a private conference . What did you say ?
20,000 No way . I asked for a boy . This is a girl Girls are great . You can seJJ them when they grow up But I want a boy . Get out|15,000
And then you 'd leave .|I can 't lose you too .
I mean it 15,000|6,000
I can manage , thank you . Oh !|Wait a minute Chief , better muster more men from below .
How much do I owe you ?|You 're going to pay ? Yeah
You 're going to pay ? Yeah|I don 't have enough now . Can I pay you back later ?
Sorry . Orders .|All in the water !
How much do you owe other peopJe ?|Not too much .
He believed that a will , by nature , is good . So when somebody commits an evil act , they 're turning away from who they are .|Their own nature . They cannot commit an evil act ... without the absence of good . And that scares you ?
What 's your name ?|Really , you don 't have to
Yes .|Have you ever seen an evil act ? Yes . How did you know ? I knew .
Quan Zhou|Are you sure that you can find your son there ?
Oh , come on , silly . It 's not cold . No ! No !|Help ! Help !
Back then , I owned an orchard|His mother and I were planting trees
Guy breaks into Lowman 's house , right , kills him ... cleans up , takes the key , goes to Agnes ' house ... does the same thing to her .|Okay . So he goes to all that trouble to get to the box ... and then leaves it there . Why ? He did what he came to do . He didn 't need it anymore . Or maybe he wanted it there . Still doesn 't make him our guy . He goes to Agnes ' house , Glenn . He goes directly to the shed . Why ? Because he knew the box was there .
WhiJe his grandma watched him at home When we came home , he was gone|All parents wish their kids be taken care of
AJJ the chiJdren on these cards are missing|If you know anything about them
If you know anything about them|Jeave a message onJine
Jump to it ! Chop chop !|Leading Seaman Smithers will demonstrate the first vault .
Leading Seaman Smithers will demonstrate the first vault .|Watch this carefully .
Hi there . Can I help you find something ?|Sir ? Excuse me , sir . You can 't go back there . Sir !
I was abducted too|AJJ I remember is that I was four and that man who took me
Mrs. Lowman had some pregnant women stay in there .|Women who , for whatever reason ... wished to terminate their pregnancies .
All I remember is : a chain bridge near my home a bamboo grove|Mom 's Jong long braid
Why all the moving ' around , Jack ?|My old man was a fuckup .
We 've been waiting for you , Puckle . Carry on where you left off .|Attention !
Couldn 't keep a job , always gettin ' in trouble .|I can say that now . Sheila ! Door !
I 'm always longing for a dream where I can see the pJace I was born and my mother|But I had never dreamed of them
But I had never dreamed of them|I don 't understand
I don 't understand|Why mom won 't visit me , even in my dreams
Anyway , we drew him this little map , you know ... so he could find his way back to our house at night ... to see Julie and me .|Do you have any pictures of Bard ?
I 'm afraid I don 't know , sir .|Nolan ?
Nolan ?|A diver requires ...
What is your name ? My name is Zeng Shuai As you know , that 's not my real name I don 't remember my real name|" User Name : Candygirl "
" User Name : Candygirl "|In Donghai Town , Fujian , a boy named Shi Anyi has a background simiJar to your son 's
Julie Gaskin ?|What do you want ? I 'm Detective Barnes with the Salt Lake Police Department . I 'm looking for Julie Gaskin .
What do you want ? I 'm Detective Barnes with the Salt Lake Police Department . I 'm looking for Julie Gaskin .|Why ? Are you Julie Gaskin ?
You 'll notice the wristbands are extremely tight in order to exclude the water . You don 't want to have a leak , do you ?|These are very heavy boots . No diver can sink without them . Next , we come to the helmet ... which makes the complete outfit watertight . Come over here , Puckle .
I 'm Sarah Quinn . That 's Julie .|What happened ?
These are very heavy boots . No diver can sink without them . Next , we come to the helmet ... which makes the complete outfit watertight . Come over here , Puckle .|Pick your feet up , man . Pick them up .
Helmet .|So much for the helmet .
Shi Anyi is 17 now , senior high schooJ student|He is not their biological son
Bingo .|Caleb .
Caleb .|" While Bard is clearly an intelligent child ... his tendency to lash out in anger should be monitored ... and whenever possible redirected . "
Down you go .|Increase the air .
The valve 's stuck , sir .|We 're pumping far too much air in .
No . I told you , this guy was really weird . So he tries to go behind the counter . I remember I had the mace under the counter . I grabbed it , and he attacked me .|It was horrible . I sprayed him , and he ran out . I thought he was out for the money , but he didn 't take anything . What are those ? Those I found when I opened the store . Where ? We tore out some walls when we remodeled . Those were in there with a bunch of other kid stuff .
We 're pumping far too much air in .|Tell him to release valve A and blow off . Release valve A and blow off .
You got a map ? Yes|Come here
Come here|Look
Look|This is the toll gate Right here
Thanks|PJease don 't rain
What happened ? It 's nothing to worry about . Does it hurt ?|I love you .
I love you .|I love you too .
I 've got over 30 shillings saved up .|30 bob ? Have you ?
Is the boy wiJJing to see me ?|Always asking if they are his biological parents He 's rebellious
Detective Barnes .|I 'm here for a patient , and I saw the admitting log . I 'm sorry .
Always asking if they are his biological parents He 's rebellious|The father finally admitted that he was given to them But they don 't know where he was from He may not know or he may not want to tell Many families in that town pay traffickers for kids They believe more chiJdren means more happiness Excuse me , how can I get to Shishi viJJage Be careful when you 're there
My name is Lei Zekuan|I heard that your son was brought to you May I meet him ?
Yeah . Look , I 'll stay with her . Okay ? Don 't worry . She 'll be out for a while .|Thanks , Beth .
Can 't do it|Fix it pJease
We 're moving on .|We 're moving on , Chief .
We have all of the family 's past addresses except for 748 Beecham Road . I checked the school records . He lived there for one year . It 's the only one not on this map . They must 've changed the street name . What are you talking about ? I got the roads department calling me any second with new information .|I don 't believe this . Are you telling me this rat can crawl through a huge hole in our net ? I 'm workin ' on it . All right ? No , it 's not all right !
We 're moving on , Chief .|Ready , Puckle ?
Don 't look down . Look up .|Stop !
Fix it pJease|Fix it It 's impossible
Four paces backwards , Puckle , then run forward and jump . Yes , Mr Knowles .|Erm ... How many was it ?
Erm ... How many was it ?|Very well , Mr Knowles .
It scares me too , Detective , the absence of the good .|Because it doesn 't happen all at once . Something eats away at us inside ... and we don 't even know it .
One , two , three , four . Now go .|One , two , three , four ...
Fix it for me I can 't|Let go
Hang on !|Mr Knowles . Don 't look down .
How many times have you been beaten Jike this ?|This is the first time
They do Did they beat you ? No|I 've always known I 'm not their son
Aagh !|Oh . Sorry , Mr Knowles .
One thing has got nothin to do with the other . Okay ? Right .|Did Sheila tell you I was here ?
I saw your truck out front . The manager told me what room you were in .|Okay ?
Your father would have slept like this as weJJ|He wouJdn 't risk losing you
Mr Knowles !|Oh , there you are !
Move out ! Move !|Come on ! This way !
So I don 't have an identity card|I 'm an illegaJ resident surprised ?
Without an ID card|I can 't take pJanes or trains or open a bank account
How long did the Gaskin family live here ? A few weeks . Mr. Sheridan hired the father for the summer as a laborer . Mend the fences , fix the barn , that kind of thing . Started out all right . Then he fell off the wagon pretty quick . We started getting calls after that from a couple of bars .|You ever have to come out here ? A couple of times .
Return to your seats at once .|Will the prosecuting officer proceed ?
He 's laying it on a bit thick . Ain 't you gonna say anything ? You 're supposed to be my defencing officer , aren 't you ? Go on , have a verbal battle with him .|I object .
Mama backs up his story . Says how her little boy falls down . So I can 't arrest him .|I even tried to get the son of a bitch to take a swing at me . At least that way he 'd be away from the kids .
That poor little boy .|Which boy ? In the picture .
Which boy ? In the picture .|Which boy ? Bard .
Well , perhaps I haven 't been much help .|You hit the nail on the head when you said that I was incompetent . You . But I 've always been like that , although I appreciate you trying to change me .
You hit the nail on the head when you said that I was incompetent . You . But I 've always been like that , although I appreciate you trying to change me .|You gave me a chance and I let you down . So I 'm sorry , sir .
Anything famiJiar ?|Nothing
Is that the bridge ?|A little bit but I 'm not sure
Put the gun down and let her go now .|It wasn 't my fault . She hit me , for Christ 's sake .
Yeah , cos ... that leaves their ... Hm , yes .|Now , that 's better , isn 't it ?
Look what you did .|Look what you did .
You 're all I want , Mary . I couldn 't lose you too .|I need you .
They usually put their arms about me .|Then what do they usually do ?
Then what do they usually do ?|They usually kiss me .
Maybe you don 't remember because you 've never seen it before|When you were JittJe
Pardon me|Pardon me is your son missing ?
Freeze . Hold it there . Freeze .|Hold it there .
Go away .|Report to Ming 's Supermarket right away , over .
O.C. here , where have you been ? We 've been fighting crimes . Come here right away .|What happened ? Chiu made a turn at 80 . Which direction are you heading ? East , we 'll be there any minute .
What happened ? Chiu made a turn at 80 . Which direction are you heading ? East , we 'll be there any minute .|This is east , that 's west .
I 'll have a new car . What about the car ? The government will send you the bill . Take care of the detail inside . What kind is it ? Robbery and hostage keeping .|Oh my God .
Wait a second|Sorry
Sorry|To be honest
Don 't worry .|Freeze or I 'll shoot you . You 're strangling me to death anyway .
You 've got one too ? I killed two out there . They now know we mean business . They wouldn 't try anything . Don 't go crazy killing people . We 've got to show them we mean business . What shall we do now ? Go out with the hostages . Before the cops ' reinforcements arrive .|Trying to escape !
Eenie meenie minie mo ...|I think I 'll pull this one and ... here we go .
Don 't kill anymore . Why not ?|Shut up or I 'll kill you .
Don 't go|I don 't care if she 's my mother . I have to see her
Shut up .|You 're so heavy .
Do the cops know your face ? No . You 'll be the hostage . I 'll take you out .|I 've used up my bullets , give me your gun .
Gentlemen , let us salute the memory of our gallant shipmate , Ordinary Seaman Puckle , RN .|'Ahhh ... '
Act a bit . Let 's go .|More acting .
More acting .|Don 't come near or I 'll kill him . Make it look real .
'We know your position . We 'll have you away in no time . '|Oh , aye aye , sir . 'Meanwhile , make the best of things . '
Do you know how crueJ it is for me ?|I know
Thanks .|Hello , who 's that ? Hold on . It 's for you , Beethoven .
Hello . Hello ?|" Hello , Dad , did I wake you up ? " Nima , how are you ? You know me . I am an early riser . " When are you going to mom 's grave ? " As usual , first thing in the morning . " Are you having a ceremony this year too ? "
There is one mother from Xinjiang She had looked for her son for 10 years|One day , she met a boy who was so similar to hers
Put your gun down .|Let go of me. I 'll kill you .
It 's not my fault . They 're all on your side . Otherwise I would have shot you .|You asked for it . What 's bugging you today ? Get back to work . What about your report ? Get someone to retype it .
Trying to make me deaf ? Hello .|Are you dumb or something ?
I 'll tell Mom you thought of her . " Not one day goes by that I don 't think of Mother . "|Me , too . " By the way , what about your film ? "
She 's not a normal woman . Do you know why they call her iron Lady ? No . Because she 's the meanest woman on earth . When she stationed at Wanchai .|Don 't barge in like that .
Don 't barge in like that .|Carry on . She was very nasty . They all hated her . But they were all afraid of her . Why ? Actually they were jealous of her . Because she 's very efficient , and nice , and pretty .
The pJaces I have been to are big cities , densely popuJated|I believe my son is somewhere in a big city
" When friends like Bahram Reypur , Hajir Dariush ... " ... Jalal Moquaddam and Sohrab Shahid Saless ... " ... all died within a short period of time ... " ... I thought Death must be whirling very close ... " ... and will soon grab me too . " But the thought of death did not bother me a bit . " When a filmmaker doesn 't make films or a writer doesn 't write ... " ... that is death .|In fact , I am not afraid of dying . I am afraid of living a futile life . "
Morning .|A black ceiling ?
Whenever I lose hope|I aJways think Looking for my son in a country of 1.3 biJJion peopJe
Are you color blind ? Who 'll buy us dinner tonight ? Wen , the informer . He 's meeting us in the usual place .|Beethoven , Chiu .
You 're born alone , and you die alone .|In the villages , women give birth on the farm then get up and continue working .
In the villages , women give birth on the farm then get up and continue working .|But we 're not in the village .
Stand up . Your four , move over to the wall .|Move it .
But we 're not in the village .|Can I turn the music on ? Won 't it wake up the baby ?
No , he won 't wake up . He is dead .|Dead ? !
Dead ? !|What are you doing on the road with a dead child ?
Zeng Shuai Here|I 'm here
My husband beat me up , so I left him and went to a friend 's home .|My parents live in the provinces .
My parents live in the provinces .|My baby was born yesterday , he was already dead .
My baby was born yesterday , he was already dead .|I don 't know whether it was caused by the beating or something else .
I 'm here|Why didn 't you stay close ?
It is the unemployment that has driven my husband crazy .|You raise a daughter with all the difficulties then you hand her over to a jerk who beats her every day and says , " Forget about your bride price I 'll divorce you only when your father pays me 5 million Tomans . " What animals you come across in life !
You raise a daughter with all the difficulties then you hand her over to a jerk who beats her every day and says , " Forget about your bride price I 'll divorce you only when your father pays me 5 million Tomans . " What animals you come across in life !|Sorry , I 'll get off here .
They all say that . Should we go by the book ? is that resisting arrest ? What do you think ? Calm down .|Go get my l.D. I 'll do you a favor . I can hide your face with a paper bag . So you wouldn 't make the headlines . Don 't bother .
Lei|Lei Zekuan
What 's wrong with you ?|Nothing What 's wrong with you ?
Do you think aJJ these peopJe believe that Jove is forever ?|The lovers who put their Jocks here
Have you been in Jove before ?|Yes
You can complain to Public Relations . You 'll hear from my lawyer .|Good idea .
Sorry to bother you so early . Did I wake Parvaneh ?|She won 't wake up until noon even if a tank passes by .
Yes|First Jove was in high school and ended after graduation
The turtle 's eyes bulge .|But I 've fed him already . I think he 's upset .
First Jove was in high school and ended after graduation|Her family thought of me as an abandoned child
A boy of unknown origins . What future wouJd I have ?|So her dad reaJJy toJd me off
Okay ?|But that 's who I am
Aren 't you going to apply ?|She may still be mad at me . Go apply for an apartment in the dormitory .
Don 't worry , I 'll take care of it .|Hello , this is Dr. Arasteh . Sorry to have bothered you so early in the morning . Could I speak to Mr. Hosein Khamush ?
Hello , this is Dr. Arasteh . Sorry to have bothered you so early in the morning . Could I speak to Mr. Hosein Khamush ?|I will .
Can I tell you something ? Sure . Promise not to get mad though . Okay .|Chiu 's in love with you .
Why ? No reason|What do you mean by that ?
In front of the gate .|Who is this Hosein Khamush ? He is a retired fireman . But what business of yours is that ? Come on , take my car and go home . I 'll send your car back later . But something else has also happened .
But be nice to him . He 's scared .|I told her . Don 't you worry a thing .
I want to see the woman who gave birth to me|I want her to know
SJeep tight|See if you can remember anything eJse in your dreams
To have a family .|A long time ago . Why didn 't you tell me ?
I was afraid . Of what ?|I don 't have enough qualifications .
I don 't have enough qualifications .|What do you think you 're lacking ? I 've been a cop for over 10 years . But I 'm not even a sergeant .
So I cannot talk about him|I can only mention myself
What can I do ?|Official Authorities , anybody you know . Contact anywhere you know .
" Update : " " Seeking viJJage that lost two boys on the same day "|" with a chain bridge and a bamboo grove " " One mother had a long braid when she was young " " Send "
" Chain bridge "|I 'm fine
Everything is fine|I 'm stiJJ Jooking Yes
I will . But I don 't think he might have visited Mr. Najafi .|I don 't know , no , the editorial board meeting was not today .
Hang on a second|I was saying Did two kids in your viJJage get abducted together in June 1992 ?
Two kids went missing at the same time|What does that mean ?
Which hotel ?|Informer ! Pay at the counter .
Informer ! Pay at the counter .|Come here . What would you like ? Which hotel ?
Anyway , thanks for your efforts .|You better go home and rest , it 's been a bad day .
You better go home and rest , it 's been a bad day .|By the time you get home ... " ... your car will be there too . " Thanks , bye .
I haven 't hit you yet .|Come on .
Mao Xuesong|This is the mayor On behalf of our viJJage , welcome home
Do you think Wen lied again ? No . He used to be this broad 's pimp . Before she lived with Sha .|It 's not locked .
Lulu , we 're the police . We 're cops .|Lulu .
" ... when economic justice and freedom ... " ... confronted one another and justice lost . " Even though the people might not have gained their freedom either . "|" Amir 's come home . " Thank God , where was he ? " Don 't know yet . He 's still too mixed up to talk . I 'll call you later . "
" Amir 's come home . " Thank God , where was he ? " Don 't know yet . He 's still too mixed up to talk . I 'll call you later . "|If you need anything , call me .
She bought some and let you sit down to eat it|She turned around for a moment and you were gone
Please come in . Pull down the door .|Sorry , I asked you to do that so the sheep won 't run away . What a pasture for sheep ! Well , she 'll be our guest for a few days . When my parents return from their pilgrimage to Mecca this animal will be going on a journey of no return .
No .|Were those drinks here ?
There is nothing waiting for me|Your parents
My mother has been waJking on eggshells these 15 years|She 's terrified that we 'll be angry at her
You don 't need to embrace it . It 'll come soon enough . We 'll do an echography , a treadmill test and then if necessary , an angiogram .|Eventually you 'll find out that I have a broken heart .
They gave me hell .|I 've lost much face .
Eventually you 'll find out that I have a broken heart .|My dear friend . Your condition could 've been caused by depression . But smoking for a heart patient is like pushing a lame person .
They want a report from me . You tell me how to write it .|What 's that ? The report , you dictated it .
I 've toJd you that I have two elder sisters from my foster family|My adoptive father is worried about losing me
Get out .|I won 't let people bully you two .
Incidentally , this was brought to me yesterday .|Normally , people won 't sell these kinds of Termehs because they 've been used to cover the corpse of loved ones .
But these days , they bring us things to sell that have been in the family for generations .|What a world ! This is beautiful .
I 'd still be part of his family|Will you ?
Abdollah , empty these ashtrays , and dust this table and the books . I 've asked him not to touch my books and papers . Abdollah , this teacup is not clean . It has lipstick on it . Well , neither the master nor I use lipstick .|It 's the cup itself .
She has never married|Then why don 't you just keep treating her as your sister ?
What are you talking about ? Look at him .|He tried to kill himself . Because you were mean to him .
You 've got the wrong girl .|Isn 't she the prettiest here ?
I 'm May . You must be real buddies . We went to the Academy together . What do you do for a living ? We 're ... He 's a scriptwriter , I 'm a teacher .|You 're both intellectuals . That 's right . That 's wonderful . I dislike unsophisticated men .
I manage . " I hope you will always be fine . Good friends like you are a rarity . One has to appreciate them . "|How are the kids and Farideh ? " Well , the kids have grown up and are on their own . " Now it 's only me and Farideh . That 's why we have decided to come back . " Really ? That 's fine . When are you coming back ? Let me know so I 'll vacate the house . " It 'll be a few months .
It is recommended to wash the corpse three times .|First , with water mixed with powdered lotus leaves . Second , with water mixed with camphor . And third , with pure water .
Will you please teJJ me|Is he still aJive ?
I 've gone rotten inside .|In fact , my heart has gone rotten .
You want to hear another poem ?|Chiu !
You live on it and you die on it|Every Jiving thing has once been your parent
He didn 't know why Sha did it .|Yes . Sha has many bodyguards . Yes .
Almsgiver Do good deeds|You will find him when the time comes
No scar . Let 's go to the pool .|I should have brought my diving goggles .
So what do we figure ? This guy got lost and he was hitching a ride back to Chu 'lak ? His presence on Earth is a mystery to me . He was found literally in the middle of nowhere about three miles north of a little town called Edison . Population 3012 . The symbol on his forehead indicates that he was a servant of Lord Yu . Many of whom now follow Gerak .|And Gerak might be able to shed some light on this .
We 've been looking for you .|You 'd better come with us .
I will speak to him . Very well . Colonel Mitchell , you 're with Teal 'c . Dr Jackson , I want you to dig up all the information you can on Edison , Virginia . Colonel Carter will join you as soon as she 's settled in .|Sam ! Hey ! Come on . Let me , let me give you a hand . Thank you .
He didn 't want to do it . I opened the window . And knocked him down . We 'd better run .|Come here .
This is what 's left of us . My friend , pictures and memories are all that is left of everyone . Don 't think the others will be better remembered . The important thing is for us to preserve our dignity .|But today I 've come with good news . I want to ask you to act in my new film . What ? You got a permit to work ?
Be more polite if you want a loan . That counterfeit is court exhibit . Counterfeits ?|No kidding . Don 't play games with me .
The air is filled with your presence . Stupid lines , right ? I saw it on TV last night . It depends on who delivers them .|It depends on who says them .
This city has become like an ocean . If you don 't make a fixed appointment two people might live in it for 20 years and never see each other . These days , we only see our friends in memorial services and funerals .|Right , the last time I saw you was in Sohrab Shahid Saless ' funeral .
Right , the last time I saw you was in Sohrab Shahid Saless ' funeral .|But how come you thought of me ?
But how come you thought of me ?|Well , I am making a documentary on funeral rites in Iran .
Their efforts were instrumental in securing our freedom . Let us all be clear . The only motivation that the Tok 'ra have , is their own selfish needs . Not to help any of us !|Then what do you suggest , Gerak ?
So again , we are meeting for a funeral .|Almost ? I just want you to talk about one of your departed friends for the film .
That we emulate our former oppressors ?|Brothers and sisters .
I once fed one of these cats . The next day , he came back and brought another one with him . Then the day after that , two more came and gradually , their number increased .|How long have you been doing this ?
I 've bought you a present .|I have to send him away .
How long have you been doing this ?|Well , Bahman , these days you cannot earn a living being an artist but painting on ladies ' manteaus is a never ending job and you don 't need a permit to make them or another one to show them .
Never mind .|I caution you .
I caution you .|We have fought too long and too hard , to entrust our future to the Tok 'ra .
Very well .|Gerak .
Why is Mother 's room so dark ? She always likes a bright room .|I have just given her lunch and then put on her favorite music . I thought while I go and have my lunch , she might take a nap . She even liked a light on during the night when she slept . If you 'll stay a while , I 'll go and have my lunch . Please bring me a glass of water after you have finished lunch . I 've come to read to my mother .
What ... draws you away from your Tau 'ri home ?|A Jaffa was discovered on Earth , dead . Oh , strange .
Some mornings when I wake up I smell a strong odor of camphor everywhere and feel as if they have added camphor to our spiritual food and everything has lost its taste and color .|Then I remember your jasmine flowers ... and the fragrance of your jasmine perfume , and I run to you your perfume drives away the smell of camphor and revives all my childhood memories .
I 'm sorry , it 's not my day .|My blues won 't go away until dawn .
A Jaffa was discovered on Earth , dead . Oh , strange .|But , what has that got to do with me ? He was a servant of Lord Yu 's and I assumed a follower of yours . Well that may be , but , I don 't seem to recognise him .
He 's just too horny .|I 'm not rich. I ' m quite poor . But I don 't mind .
It 's all right .|Calm yourself , it 's Chiu 's birthday . I couldn 't care less .
So I hired a private investigator and I had him followed .|And what did the investigator find out ?
2nd floor , Apartment A.|Why is she like that ? She was drunk when I found her . Chiu will have an unforgettable night .
You gave birth yesterday and you are on the road alone today ?|We are born alone , and we die alone .
My husband wasn 't having an affair , but he was clearly involved in something that he wanted to keep secret . Do you mind if we hold onto these ?|No , go ahead .
The prisoner is strong .|Then we must be stronger , Yat 'yir .
What 's wrong ? Nothing .|Just getting you an apron .
It was through instruments like this we were oppressed .|Then how appropriate would it be then , for it to be used to serve our cause .
Nothing up there either .|You bachelors .
I 'm not sure where you 're getting at .|Some of the residents of Edison claim they saw trucks , travelling to and from the plant , a couple of nights ago .
Why have you brought the Hejleh inside ? It 's supposed to be placed at the entrance . Is this the best Hejleh in the world ?|What is this picture you have printed with the obituary notice ? Didn 't I emphasize that there should be no fancy stuff ?
Something 's burning .|Really ? It smells real bad .
This is not a party .|I asked you not to wear black .
You may want to consult with them . Who was Mr Jameson meeting with that day ? I 'm sorry . Company policy prevents me from discussing that with you .|Your CFO is missing .
Oh my God ! Who 's that with a beard ? My grandfather .|And the one below him ?
Of course not .|We 've only just ... begun .
Hello .|" Congratulations , Daddy . You 've become a grandfather . " I am so happy to hear your voice , Nima .
What 's wrong ? I miss them so much .|My mother died giving birth to me . The others died before I was born . I always miss them on my birthdays .
My mother died giving birth to me . The others died before I was born . I always miss them on my birthdays .|I 'm sorry , I didn 't know that .
" Congratulations , Daddy . You 've become a grandfather . " I am so happy to hear your voice , Nima .|" Daddy , you 're crying ? Anything the matter ? "
Let me guess . They didn 't know anything either .|As Gerak grows stronger , fewer Jaffa risk defying him for fear of retribution .
Is the baby all right ? " Just fine , a beautiful girl . "|What 's her name ?
We must leave Dakara and seek our answers elsewhere . The answers you seek are on Earth .|What do you know of the Jaffa we discovered ? He lost his life trying to secure Gerak 's prize . Of what prize do you speak ?
" Jaleh . Mother 's name . "|That 's great .
Ba 'al .|Ba 'al is on Earth ?
Please don 't die , I 'll warm you up .|I 'm getting very warm now . Please don 't die .
That is where he sought refuge , immediately following his defeat in the battle for Dakara . He has been there ever since .|You 're telling me a member of the Jaffa High Council claims that Ba 'al has been here on Earth for the better part of the last nine months ? Yes Sir . Is there any chance she may be right ?
Chiu .|Coming .
You 're telling me a member of the Jaffa High Council claims that Ba 'al has been here on Earth for the better part of the last nine months ? Yes Sir . Is there any chance she may be right ?|My information suggests that Ba 'al has been hiding in the Arkeba System .
What are you doing ?|What 's up ?
He has been sighted there as recently as a week ago .|So the Council member is either lying or she 's a victim of bad intelligence . Not all bad , Sir . They knew enough , to look for Ba 'al at a Trust operated facility .
So the Council member is either lying or she 's a victim of bad intelligence . Not all bad , Sir . They knew enough , to look for Ba 'al at a Trust operated facility .|If he were on Earth , that would be the best place to start . If the Jaffa genuinely believe Ba 'al to be on Earth , they will continue to search for him . Well that 's obviously unacceptable . Tell the Council we 've begun our own investigation and if he 's here , we 'll find him . It would not be in Gerak 's best interests to allow that to happen . Why ? Ba 'al 's capture would be a big moral victory as well as a huge political gain for whoever brings him in . Should Gerak be successful , he would win the hearts of many undecided Jaffa . Thereby assuring undisputed influence over the Council . So all we have to do is find Ba 'al before they do . Yeah , but Gerak has a head start .
He has revealed Ba 'al 's location . And the locations of his various shelters on Earth .|You should never have invented such an effective means of torture .
Chiu . It 'll be too late anyway .|I 've got something in my eyes . No , it won 't be too late .
Why don 't you both go ? John and Richard , undercover .|You took a moment .
Let me help you .|It 's cold .
Excuse me , we 're in litigation . I don 't want her congenial .|You 're tugging me .
They 're five floors above us . I know . We 're leaving .|Hello ? C 'mon hurry . There 's people here ! They 're shooting up the all place !
Hello ? C 'mon hurry . There 's people here ! They 're shooting up the all place !|So ? Those offices were a war zone . Staff weapons versus semi automatics . Who won ? Hard to say . There was no bodies and all the security footage was missing . Witnesses ? One . Some guy who was working overtime . Spent most of the firefight under his desk , but was able to provide a description for three individuals . Big , tattooed , chainmail pants . So it 's either our Jaffa , or Kiss is back on tour .
T akes a while , but I usually get it . Georgia said you 'd maybe like to get a drink .|Well ... .
Well ... .|Just so long as we don 't talk about the case .
I didn 't know you 're here . We 'll go somewhere .|Where ? What a close shave .
In exchange for my freedom , I will follow your laws . You will never have cause to fear me again .|I hope we can put the past behind us . I certainly have no desire to harm you or anyone else on this world .
What case is it ?|She was raped by her stepmother .
You can have the honor . I can be very biased .|It would be a pleasure . No , let me do it .
It would be a pleasure . No , let me do it .|Don 't mention the word rape . She may be embarrassed .
Don 't mention the word rape . She may be embarrassed .|We are to take your statement .
Are you ?|You say you want to meet men . I try to help . Fine .
Colonel Pendergast . Plot a course for the far side of the moon .|Do it .
My classmate told me .|Do you live with her too ? Yes , I live in the dormitory . That 's really incredible . What do you mean ? Nothing , maybe I 'm too conservative .
We broke up .|Really ?
Really ?|I mean sorry to hear that . Oh , it 's the best thing for both of us .
I mean sorry to hear that . Oh , it 's the best thing for both of us .|So you 're single again ?
Me too .|Morning sir .
Imagine , as I do every day , the breast .|What is it about a lump with a nipple that makes a man risk his marriage , his business ?
What statement ? This lady was raped by her stepmother . What ?|I knew you two were inefficient . I didn 't know you were so dumb . Go out and look at the door tag . Yes , sir .
Sorry , Miss .|We 'll arrest your stepmother . Where does she usually hang out ?
Butch . No wonder , just sign here .|You 'd better wear a hat .
I can 't .|Okay .
Sam ? It wasn 't him . How do you know ? Because he can 't be in two places at once . Ba 'al is across town right now , doing a live television interview . What ? Thank you . That 's a very good question . My acquisition of Hammel Technologies and it 's subsidiaries is just a first step ... in a long range venture that will ultimately see a consolidation ... and a streamlining of what is presently a dissolute market . No doubts , most of you have never heard of me before today . Well , I can assure you that over the next few months , you will all get to know me very well ... and I look forward to it .|This is Colonel Pendergast of the Earth ship Prometheus , asking you to stand down . We have no desire to engage in battle , but we will not withdraw our forces . Look , we know why you 're here . Then you also know that I have no choice , but to maintain my present position . OK , FYI , we 're not going to let you put anymore men on the planet 's surface . If you fire on our ship , we will defend ourselves . Yat 'yir , hear me .
You and your Jaffa are at a disadvantage . Knowing neither territory , nor it 's inhabitants .|Allow us to assist you in apprehending Ba 'al . We can both lay claim to his capture . Then all Jaffa can declare freedom and celebrate as one . I am afraid we are past the point where are differences can be settled so readily .
We 're going bowling .|Up on the stand , it 's important that you 're sympathetic . Do you think that 's within your range ?
Yes Sir .|Our orders are to stay put for the time being . You 've gotta be kidding me ? Come on , we know where he is , we 've got him . Yes , Ba 'al has made it easier for us to pinpoint his location , but unfortunately , by going public , he 's made it more difficult for us to take him down quickly and covertly . We make a move against him now and we risk a media circus . Unless of course you feel like giving the American people a Stargate primary . There 's also the little matter of a Naquadah bomb sitting somewhere in the continental United States . Yeah , OK . OK , we 'll stay . The General 's consulting with the Pentagon , to determine what our next move should be .
What ?|Forget it .
I had wished to inform the Council sooner , but I dared not , for fear that elements sympathetic to the Tau 'ri would learn about Ba 'al 's whereabouts . You dare question my loyalty ! Your loyalty is not under question , Teal 'c .|You have done more than anyone to help secure our freedom , and for that we are ever grateful . However , your allegiance to the Tau 'ri presents you with a difficult dilemma . Even as we speak , the Tau 'ri ships prevent us from pursuing the enemy .
Their commitment was as unwavering as my own , and now you would repay them by surreptisiously stealing upon their world . Putting their people , to say nothing of the Stargate program , at risk !|They are our allies .
Please sit down .|So Kitty will be staying with you ?
What the hell are you thinking ? There 's no guarantee that the US government is going to give them Ba 'al .|It was only to give Gerak pause before his next attack against Ba 'al on Earth .
On Thursday , I 'll be giving thanks that you ' re my friend .|Same here .
Are you ready to order ? We 're waiting for someone .|Aren 't you warm ?
Aren 't you warm ?|No .
Have you got something else for me , Walter ? Yes Sir . We just got this sent to us .|You have chosen not to heed my warning . Sort of forced my hand .
I 'd much appreciate it . If they lowered their voices .|That 's not nice . Don 't worry . Hong Kong people are so rude . They need to be warned .
Worse things could happen .|Suppose I did fall in love . It 'd be hard to work in the office with her . The law would preclude removing her from the office . On the other hand it 's not wise to sit in a corner all my life .
I don 't usually abuse my authority . But sometimes I have to .|Were they rude ? No , but they took your l.D. And ...
You have chosen not to heed my warning . Sort of forced my hand .|There is a bomb in the Helsian tower in downtown Seattle . It will detonate at exactly 1 : 30pm , local time . Call off your strike at my location and I will diffuse the device . Defy me and this will be just the first of many such demonstrations .
Don 't try to calm me down . We 're not trying . I 'm so mad .|What made you so mad ?
This is none of my business .|Then the discussion should end there , right ?
Multiple signals . Is it possible there 's more than one device ?|Well , we 're not sure .
Colonel Carter and her team are still searching . No sign of the bomb , yet .|Sir , Dr Jackson reports Jaffa at the target site . They 've engaged the compound guards .
I 'm sorry .|Have you sought medical treatment for your emotional injuries ? I should have . But I was raised not to impose on others . I decided to sue , not for me , but to stop him from harming others .
You 're not having fun , are you ? I am . I would like to get you out of this cocoon sometime .|Are you afraid of me ? Oh , I ... . A little .
But he 's a sweet man . He lends me money all the time . Beethoven , I 'd like ...|Not enough . How much do you want ? Interest ?
Yes Sir . Launching Alpha Two .|It doesn 't make any sense . It 's like there 's Naquadah everywhere .
I love bowling . It 's more fun than dancing .|I couldn 't help noticing .
How old is this building ? It 's brand new . It just went up last month . Give me a secure line to Stargate Command , now .|Sir , we 've got Colonel Carter . Colonel , did you find the bomb ? Sort of . What 's that supposed to mean ? Readings indicate , the entire superstructure of the building is laced with Naquadah . It was built that way . Ba 'al 's been planning this for a long time . I 'm not sure I understand , Colonel . The bomb isn 't in the building , Sir .
The bomb is the building .|Target is locked on .
The old ways will no longer serve us . Gerak 's ways are not the ways of the future .|How dare you ?
Come on .|These men ? Sure , they 're not bad . They 've also got guns .
These men ? Sure , they 're not bad . They 've also got guns .|Are you guys on duty ?
Damn it ! Damn it ! Damn it !|John , you got the biggest booger ... .
So what ? They always come to our club . And take us out to dinner . What 's wrong with you ?|They look like missing girls to me .
Enjoy your shortlived taste of freedom .|You were born slaves and slaves you will die !
Sit down .|Anna . I can 't live without you .
Go to bed .|Right .
Where you going ?|To take a much needed rest . Don 't you think you should go back to Dakara ? Let those Jaffa know the truth ?
It 's the truth . Regardless . They will not listen .|For the time being , their hearts belong to Gerak .
I 've fallen in love with you . Maybe it 's love at first sight . But I wouldn 't dare telling you . I would only tell the stars .|I wish you were the stars . And you would know I love you .
I wish you were the stars . And you would know I love you .|Tell me I should talk to you . I love you , that 's not a sin . is he like this all the time ? Yes , he 's too shy in the daytime .
How 'd you know I was alone ? Did Ally tell you ?|No .
No .|You just assumed .
You went because you want to change ?|Well , I ... .
What should I do ? Go to sleep . I can 't . Should I help you ? Please .|You asked for it .
Wally , thank you . I can 't wait to start reading .|I don 't believe in homosexuality , so this has to be goodbye for us . Bugger .
We can look for the dress , but why not just tell me ?|Was Nanna in the room , or were you and the boys alone ?
John ?|Nelle , hello .
I only remember seeing Jeppe filming us . I tried to stop him and tripped over some bottles . I cut myself badly .|Oliver took me to the emergency room . We were there all night .
I know what you 've been up to . Morten has been fired .|I don 't know what you 've promised him . But it ends now . If I catch you playing any more games I will take you to court . Do I make myself clear ? No , I don 't know what you 're talking about .
What ledger ? The one that would put Sha in jail .|You hit me , and hard .
I don 't mind you hit me . But you can 't touch my hair .|That 's enough .
And you promised to take good care of her .|We 'll work it out . How will you do that , Theis ?
Bill .|Hold it , drop your weapons .
Hold it , drop your weapons .|Drop your weapons .
Drop your weapons .|Don 't worry , I 've nailed them .
Don 't worry , I 've nailed them .|I 've nailed your boss .
Give me the ledger .|I threw it into the garbage truck .
I threw it into the garbage truck .|You threw the ledger into the garbage truck ? Do you know what that means ? You threw away our chance of getting a promotion . The ledger would put Sha in jail . How could you do such a thing ? I was almost killed by these guys .
You threw the ledger into the garbage truck ? Do you know what that means ? You threw away our chance of getting a promotion . The ledger would put Sha in jail . How could you do such a thing ? I was almost killed by these guys .|Where are they ? Have you finished ? What ledger is that ? It 's incriminating evidence against Sha .
I never ... .|Right . That was just probably one of my fantasies .
Go chase them .|I 'll be back soon .
I 'll be back soon .|Be careful .
Be careful .|I 'm up here , stop the car .
He knew me before I was tough .|He knew me then , he knew me weak .
Beethoven .|I 'm here .
I 'm here .|Get up here . You knocked me down . Come on .
Get up here . You knocked me down . Come on .|You should have looked out for me .
A unicorn .|You 've seen one , haven 't you ?
I can 't . Mark starts school on Monday . With all respect , I don 't think it 's a good idea either .|I know the ropes now . And you could say our collaboration isn 't exactly close .
Take it slowly .|I only took a nap . And you 've gone off the road .
The police will keep us informed .|The press might write about it , but it will only be guesswork . Okay ?
Maybe you 'll have another chance someday .|Not if I stop believing .
I can 't decide which one to choose .|The white one is nice .
My feet are killing me .|Damn it .
The description of their meeting was very intense . You didn 't tell us that the first time we talked .|I didn 't know if it was of any importance . We 'd like to read it . Where is it ? In the storeroom with the others . It was a mock exam .
I didn 't know if it was of any importance . We 'd like to read it . Where is it ? In the storeroom with the others . It was a mock exam .|Yes . Can we see it ?
Where did the other garbage truck go ? What are you doing ? I 'm doing a dangerous stunt . I 'm a cop , tell me . It went back to headquarters .|I 'm a cop , you 've got a bomb in your car . A bomb !
I ' m sorry , this isn 't organic . You ' re doing very good . John , try it one more time .|I 'm sorry , you 'll have to find someone else .
John !|Podiatrist .
You know I do . Everyone knows .|Is that all ?
Is that all ?|Your next appointment isn 't for 15 minutes .
Remember the Christmas I snuck into your house and your dad caught me stuffing your stocking ?|You do remember everything , don 't you ?
Some other time .|Troels .
Cold enough for you ?|Two coffees and two hot dogs . One with ketchup , and the other with mustard . Right away .
I think I 'll get off while I can .|It may be a mistake , but I 'm ready to make it .
She 's fine . Fine ? You 're never home . I call her . She deserves better .|Why ?
She looked beautiful .|We have to pick up the thermoses .
It 's not extra work , it 's my job .|You 've got it all wrong .
You have a merry Christmas , okay ?|And don 't be a stranger .
I 'm sorry . Let me walk you to the door .|I think we need to talk .
Women expect too much . That 's the problem .|For men , work comes first .
What ?|What 's the word ... ?
Seven days ago she walked out of our door .|She was going to a party .
She was going to a party .|I saw her again today .
An individualist detective ?|That 's an oxymoron .
I haven 't talked to him very much . His wife said the police are still at the school looking for something .|They 're questioning the teachers and employees .
The media have gathered here at the Cult Headquarters , where nothing has ...|A man who is apparently Kunihiro has appeared ...
What you looking at ? What ? Nothing . All right , fine , you didn 't fake the fall . Then why don 't you have a cast , you little rug rat ? Hey , I got it taken off like three months ago . How do you think broken bones work , anyway ? I don 't know . You tell me . Seriously , I don 't know . You tell me ? Anyway , how would you even fake a fall ?|Allow me to demonstrate . How about the old one , two , I 'm walking over here ... yoink ! Oh ! Oh , God .
No , Rie , c 'mon ! You have to hang in there . Let go , I 'm going . No , Rie , you 've got to stay here . That 's right , stay ! I don 't want to . Let go ! How can you leave him alone ? !|Who 's he to me ! Rie , how can you say that ? ! Hey , Ichii ...
He likes it . But it bugs Barbie .|What is the matter ? The church is settling our suit against God .
Here we are . Thanking you .|Let me know when you 're finished . You got it , doll . Incident . Slipped and Fell Location . Outside Ms. Fatale Classroom Oh my God . This is ... probably , maybe something .
Fingers crossed .|Know what I 'm thinking this very second ?
Now , he could be dying .|Tell me , Aiko , could you stay calm if it happened to you ?
Hey . Go on , Sue , jump in !|Come on , Sue . It 's just possession , everyone 's doing it . Come on . Go !
Imagine committing your life to somebody . Your heart . And then walking into that room to see ... .|Well , we can 't really imagine it , can we ? Unless you 've been through it . And if you have , imagine not experiencing a little insanity .
Give it time and think it over , man .|There 's something else , right ?
What ?|Yeah .
Love can cause you to do destructive things sometimes , believe me .|Or , believe Sheila .
The letters lurch , like worms squirming over the page .|Even my handwriting freaks me out .
Write " resignation " on it .|OK .
OK .|And the other letter ?
He 'd like to see you both .|Hey , Eric .
Scared .|When it 's time to go you see your angel . That 's what they say .
You know I can do this .|Shit !
I had no heart , now no lung .|The guy that got you will be pronounced mentally unfit .
Boy Wonder 's ... Boy Wonder 's supposed to be brilliant . Came up with those funny ads for your falcon Fire chip . Chicken suits ?|I wanted to slit my wrists when I saw that . Everything I invent is dumbed down by some marketing puke named Andy .
Some flowers for Mr. Saga . I 'll take them . Thank you .|Who sends a potted plant ? ! Hey , it 's OK .
More , Sosuke ? I 've had plenty , thank you .|You can hold chopsticks again . You 're fine .
He lived , right up to the end , in part because of you two .|These last two days ... .
These last two days ... .|I don 't know how to express how grateful I am .
He was right about one thing : There 's no God .|There couldn 't be a God . God wouldn 't let that ... .
You 're better off here .|You can 't make it alone yet . No , I 'm going home .
There couldn 't be a God . God wouldn 't let that ... .|We knew he was dying . This isn 't the biggest shock . The boy had leukemia . Get over it .
Oh , come on , boys . please keep it tidy for me , will ya ?|Pretty fabulous , huh ?
I 'm a grad student at Stanford . My dad wanted me to study digital art , but then I 'd be in serious danger of having a marketable skill . You 're funny .|And pretty . Brains and boobs . killer combo .
Well , I ... .|I just had to come back here and lie . Lie down .
Entropy is winning .|OK ... Oh . You like that desk ? It 's all yours . Andy ? I want the desk next to the fireplace . There 's one more name on this list , and that is ... DarreII CIaxton ?
Don 't yell in DarreII 's ear .|Hi , DarreII , I 'm An ...
It . It .|This is all a bluff . Suppose he really does want to go through with it .
Try starting over . She 's right , you should try .|We never got along to begin with . Neither did we .
But you 'd be dead too .|DarreII 's been inoculated .
Little by little , you get used to each other , like a habit . That 's marriage .|But it doesn 't start out perfect .
But it doesn 't start out perfect .|We used to fight almost every other day .
It 's personal . And I 'd really like to work it out on my own . I know that this must be frustrating for you to hear , but is it possible for you to understand without understanding ? Sure . But I am here to help .|I know that .
The cheapie box ? ! The cheapie box is La Honda 's village idiot . That project comes up every year . Nobody volunteers for it . It 's a topmost WOMBAT . Waste Of Money , Brains And Time . DarreII came to La Honda to burn to the big iron , not work on some Costco speak ' n ' spell science project . well ... DarreII must feel a tad frustrated because DarreII didn 't make the big iron team . DarreII is just another broken toy with no project to call his own .|Who are you calling broken ?
But it doesn 't now . It feels ... . T errifying .|Did you really come here to ... .
But we 're gonna prove ' em wrong . You 're iron men . You 're the brightest . You 're the best . And you are ... ?|I 'm Kriss KringIe . I 'm gonna make the magic happen . Come on , guys .
Sodium oIefin sulfonate .|Boom . Go team .
Again .|Wanna have dinner ? There 's a supper club up on Russian hill that makes the best lobster cervice . How about Top Ramen in my room , say , sevenish ?
No , I 'll catch a cab . Don 't bother . I 'm going your way .|Warm enough ?
Warm enough ?|Yeah , I 'm fine .
You really should see Rie .|Yeah .
Could be my gun .|Have you heard about the latest ?
That didn 't come out how I meant . Well , you know better now , Billy , I guess .|Ally ?
No . This is where I say " welcome to the house . It 's time for you to go . "|No , that 's a different movie .
It 's not your fault .|It 's my fault .
I don 't know .|Yes , you do .
Yes , you do .|T ell me .
Let 's not do this .|I 'm not worried about it .
And I can 't figure out why .|I 'm just empty inside .
I worry that , as much as you believe in monogamy you won 't be able to stay monogamous .|What ?
Love is wasted on me ?|Yes it is .
Dr. Kaminoka specializes in hypnosis . He wants to use hypnosis to dig for things you heard while unconscious . Right , Doctor ?|How 's your concentration ? He 's a cop ... I didn 't ask you . Sorry ...
The gel . OK , give it a whirl .|CD ROM . mailbox . Documents . tools . Printer . files .
Do you really think that ?|Yes .
CD ROM . mailbox . Documents . tools . Printer . files .|AII right ! We 're just a few hundred bucks away from our goal .
You 're wrong about one thing .|I 'm gaining on happiness , and I 'll get there one day .
Ride me , cowboy , ride me !|Ride me !
Fine . well , I guess it 's impossible .|Yeah . It 's impossible .
Eight .|Seven .
Six .|Five .
If it 'II make you feel better , have them sign a nonexclusive waiver , just in case .|Put it together and what do you got ? I come off like a generous patron of technology . lloyd gives us our money .
No .|And a pope didn 't just walk by , right ? Ally , maybe you should have a session with T racy , over the guilt . She makes me feel guilty for having guilt . It 's okay to feel a little shame . But let 's get over it now . It 's done .
Four .|Three .
Three .|Two .
I 'm afraid that 's real .|Sex , Lies and Politics
One .|Now you 're back in the tunnel .
For a couple of days there was somebody else . Somebody I even kissed . It was a mistake , and it 's over .|But for two days , there was somebody else .
So why does it feel so wrong ?|Stop it . You are not going to guilt me . I 'll just dance to the beat .
Yes ...|Our man ... Our man ...
Stop it . You are not going to guilt me . I 'll just dance to the beat .|See ?
Don 't try to see things . Try to focus only on what you hear .|Sosuke !
I understand you worked on the senator 's campaign and if I could meet with you , it would be in complete confidence .|You big dick . Any luck ?
Come on . We quit .|Quit ? Quit ? We 're gonna do this on our own . The four of us .
No .|They are singing about me .
We were kicked out of Eden for this ? !|In less than 24 hours we 've gone from leading a technological revolution to being unemployed vagrants .
Mr. Saga ?|What kind of footsteps ?
Sorry I couldn 't be more help . Don 't worry .|The doctor said it 's hard to control the first time .
The doctor said it 's hard to control the first time .|You can try again .
You can try again .|What is it ?
Fine . Fine .|I was wondering , if you kissed the husband of a friend should you tell the friend ? Perhaps you could start by telling her you are no friend at all .
Oh , my . hello .|DarreII can 't work in this environment . Bacteria , mold , spores ...
Tiny , where 's the hypnotizer ?|Tiny ?
Would you see him ?|Come in .
It 's amazing . You have mail . You have mail .|It works !
OK . Oh yeah . Not much further .|You ready ?
They worked hard to build a store . He called it a smut shop , forced it to close , and he 's not sorry . Her life 's work . Gone .|There 's a very old expression in China : Is it politically correct to hold a person liable for an opinion ? There 's a reason they came here with blowtorches , violins , 76 trombones in the big parade . Their goal was to distract you from one clear reality : They ' re suing a senator for having the gall to speak what he thinks . And if you so much as entertain this complaint then , oh , oh , we really do have trouble .
My wife told me .|My wife came back to me because I shot Kunihiro .
You haven 't given much thought to the look of it .|Our design team is working as we speak . We 'II have a cosmetic prototype in ... a couple of days .
But she says she never really believed in him .|She says I was the only true believer .
That 's Robin ?|You did it with that ? ! You are my god .
What is , is not . What is not , is .|Mr. Mita , can I just ask you one question ?
I 'm trying to salvage a relationship that 's more important to me than I knew .|Could you leave now ? Yeah .
But what ?|My wife says his blood is so cold , it 's rotting flesh .
My wife says his blood is so cold , it 's rotting flesh .|Cold ... blood ...
OK , light it up .|Oh , this is ajoke . It 's a ... joke . It 's ... Is this what passes as ajoke these days ? You know , I don 't get you kids and your sense of humor . gentlemen ?
Jesus , Andy ! I told him you were money in the bank !|Won 't be needing this .
And you missed ! What was I thinking ?|I had everything ... and I threw it away .
Yeah .|You okay ?
You okay ?|Fine .
I 'd love to see how you 'd sexy it up , but I 'm afraid it 's too late . really ?|That 's too bad .
That 's too bad .|Yeah .
Yeah .|It 's too bad . well ... thank you for today .
Georgia ?|I 'm sorry .
The truth is , I do consider us friends .|And in court , it 's not good to think of opposing counsel as your friend . So in a way it 's probably just easier for me to look at you as , I don 't know a conniving backstabber who kissed my husband .
It 's too bad . well ... thank you for today .|No , thank you . I really needed this . So what are you gonna do now ? Go back to Omega ? No . No way . Leaving Omega was the best decision I ever made .
But it 's a little scary , though , huh ? Yeah , a bit .|But you know what ? I should feel awful and I don 't .
Kevin Wah really fell for her .|When they went to bed , he was falling in love with her . And he didn 't leave the next day , did he ?
She broke it off .|Kevin Wah , he was in this for real .
Kevin Wah , he was in this for real .|With a lot of guys , it 's only about sex .
October 23rd .|It was around the time that Kunihiro from that cult was killed . The very next day ...
Can you give me his address ?|You copy it .
Okay .|Okay .
Thank you .|You 're welcome .
Get off me !|You 've got my hair !
Wow .|Avocado . That 's awesome .
We gotta go . We 're late . please hurry . Let 's get in the car . Get in the car .|No . hold it , guys . You can 't go dressed like that .
Ally you 're in a first degree murder trial tomorrow . I 'm a year from 30 .|Well , look at it this way .
Their kid 's dying and they throw money at him and take off .|Their only son , too .
Your 20s have been a big disaster .|It 's almost over .
You guys are making history . Gather close to Tiny .|Hey . We are iron men !
Hey . We are iron men !|Yeah ! hello ?
Did Shimano say if a stranger comes , show him my room .|Stop , no violence ! Tell me the truth !
" But when one loves another , how does one prove it ? "|" Do you know the answer ? "
Objection ! Your Honor , he does this ! He 's got squeaky shoes so we don 't take it seriously . He does this ! Move to strike that . My shoes aren 't squeaking .|See ? It 's some trick .
Of all the people I 've worked with , you 're one of the few who made it worth my while to screw them . This is an enormous compliment .|999 ?
Oh . Looks like your time is up .|Mr Caspar ? We can do this the easy way ... or the hard way .
I 'd love to show you how amazingly talented he is .|Hey , check this out .
Have you ever been in love ?|Deeply in love ?
I had a dream ... that I couId make something and it wouId touch everyone 's lives . And we did it ! We made it ! And Francis came and stole it from me .|He stole my dream .
He stole my dream .|No . He stole your thing , not your dream .
He 's not coming back .|He 's planning to die .
Okay , now me .|Only me , girls .
I hear you 're hollow inside .|He was really freaked out about it .
You must be Endo Kimiko . Yes .|Your husband said you 'd be here . I 'm Saga .
Your husband said you 'd be here . I 'm Saga .|I see .
It was ridiculous .|I 'm going to be 35 . God . That 's young .
For a man .|I apologize .
Ben and Jerry 's !|Ice cream ?
Your Honor , he 's doing that !|Let 's just carry on .
We were never in love , but in the end I still hurt him .|I see ...
I see ...|Now why did I say that ? It 's nothing to do with you .
Hey , Tiny . How you doin ' ? Not doing . Done . Yeah !|Now that 's what you would call ... in the nick of time .
Georgia knew , and she told me .|You could tell ?
Yes we were lovers .|Seen him recently ?
Seen him recently ?|No .
Next ! control the computers and you 're unstoppable . hello again , Mr Caspar .|We have to stop meeting like this .
The facts are clear . Bloody limb found in his car body in his house , he said he wanted her to die . The cost of her living was a huge burden . The only thing he says is : " l sawed it off because I didn 't want to lose the connection . " Sometimes how it looks is exactly how it is . The pathologist told you he cut the hand off first . Now , let 's go back to that room and use a little common sense . The pathologist said " likely . " He couldn 't establish anything conclusively . No testimony to contradict what my client said . I could sit down right now and rest on reasonable doubt .|But , before I do I 'd like to tell you that today 's my birthday .
Inside , inside .|Exciting , isn 't it ? Something in the air . Francis Benoit , always miles ahead , has something new .
You know what 's in this bottle , tough guy ? Tetrodotoxin . DeadIier than cyanide . Within ten minutes , your body goes numb ... and then the paralysis sets in . In 30 minutes ... you 're dead .|Care to give it a try ? Nice try , but you 'd die too . DarreII 's been inoculated . welcome , friends from around the world . Let 's get started , OK ?
Live dangerously .|Kick ass , DarreII . We 've only got a minute .
The thing that I hope for most I 'm embarrassed to admit , is emotional dependence .|It 's probably why my friends think I 'm crazy . Who would actually wish for that kind of weakness ? But I do . I wanna meet fall in love with and be with somebody I can 't bear to live without . That 's why , as glad as I am not to be in Mr. Shepley 's shoes today I envy a little what he had .
I don 't know .|To say if you 're able to choose death , you 're capable of achieving anything , is a lie .
It 's probably why my friends think I 'm crazy . Who would actually wish for that kind of weakness ? But I do . I wanna meet fall in love with and be with somebody I can 't bear to live without . That 's why , as glad as I am not to be in Mr. Shepley 's shoes today I envy a little what he had .|Of course , it isn 't normal , what he did . He has to be at least a little crazy to chop the hand off after she died . I could never see myself doing something like that as I ' m sure nor could you .
" Let there be ... light . " holy shit ! Whoa . Check it out ! Amazing ! beautiful ! It doesn 't suck ! Don 't be shy . Put your hands into the hologram .|Let the lasers find your fingers .
I 've already died once .|I was shot here .
He was .|And I suspect , still is .
One more inch and I 'd be dead .|When I woke up , I 'd lost my will for life .
I 'll go look in the bathroom mirror .|You 're a good person , Georgia .
It was so fast . Well , this is good . Maybe .|Thank you .
Did you load goods ?|OK . But cops ?
Death will eventually come on its own .|Do you disdain suicide ?
There we go .|You like that , Ling ?
You like that , Ling ?|I guess you do .
Happy birthday . We got it together , didn 't we ?|We really got it together , baby .
 25 years ago , god disappeared . The archangel Gabriel decided he must destroy mankind to bring god back , but the archangel Michael stood against his brother and fought on the side of humanity . The war continues .  The prophet built the fire that protects us . It cannot go out . Harper , I cannot let you put everyone else in danger .|I 'm leaving Vega . I 've never stood still . I 'm not about to start now .
 When Vega sees their queen has fallen , they 'll lose hope , make it so much easier to wipe clean this filthy slate .|Ah , Briathos . Could you get into Vega ? Then go . You deserve a holiday . And you can bring back a souvenir , the head of Claire Riesen .
Even though it 's pointless .|Why 's that ?
My army will be here by sundown . New Delphi won 't give us Alex . We 'll liberate him .|There a problem ? You want to attack two cities at once ? The last time we did that , Michael was at our side . We don 't need him . I 've learned a great deal since then . And when I 'm done , father will see who 's always been his most loyal son .
Surely there are other men .|Perhaps .
Father 's wrath must have a face . And that duty is mine . How say you , Lyrae ? A death is as glorious as birth . Why else would father have made them mortal ? Michael , you value a higher angel 's counsel over your own brother 's ? Justice must be done .|No , I won 't allow cruelty . Father 's orders were to cast these sinners out into the darkness . I want them to suffer the limits of their bodies . Spill blood , but do so with honor . Always . Michael ...
In the end , he 's the only man for me .|I 'm sure he feels the same .
 Open !| You okay , man ? Yeah . Who are you ? I 'm from Vega .  Vega ?
Wow .  I didn 't think it was possible , Gates , but you have managed to turn this place from charming hovel to just hovel . Well , hello to you too , Claire Riesen . And all this is the price of genius . A little method , little madness , you know . To what do I owe this honor ? I have a favor to ask . Oh , straight to the point , just like your pop . Well , I 'll try not to take it personally , but I 'm kind of busy , so ...|How busy ?
" A horse , a horse My kingdom for a horse . "|I 'll give you my kingdom , so get me the great horse .
Michael ...| My lord , my lord ! Help me ! The angels have come . They 'll slaughter us all . No , no , no , no , no . You are not safe here , friend . You must go , go now . No , no , no , you must come too , or they 'll kill you also ! How we 've angered god , for him to let his angels upon us ! Ah !
No , I have to go out in a while .|Shimano .
Elaine !|I checked . No feet . Yes . Well , pathetic Elaine keeps her legs hoisted all the time .
You 're one of them . Aah !|Now ! Go , friend , go now . I will not hurt you . You 're not my friend ! Aah !
This is what you 'll use ? Why are you here , Michael ?|I 'm leaving ... Tonight . I know I can 't change your mind , but I won 't watch you die . I can 't . I wouldn 't have asked you to . I can 't save you , but there is someone I can . Alex , the boy who 's like a son . He needs me . Some promises can 't be broken .
I have . Now I know father 's still out there . I have faith , because he meant for me to come here to find what I 'd lost , to find you . The world ended , but all that was good and beautiful didn 't die with it .|You are afraid . Yes .
May I help you ?|Ling ? Is that you ?
I don 't have proof .|Only a gut feeling .
What is this ?|What is this ? Or what 's that ? John !
You have killed with your own hands for the first time . Brother .|He warned us never to leave the safety of Mallory , our home ...  And to rid our community of secret and sin with confession and sacrifice .
As I die , so do they .| Stop !
 Gabriel , what have you done ?|Archangel . Stay down ! For eons , we 've shed human blood on father 's command . It 's a terrible task , but it 's ours alone . But the unholy joy you took with your duty shocked me more than any ! Is such joy for archangels alone ? For I gleaned it all from you , Michael . Your brutality ... Was a glorious inspiration . You are my muse , Michael .
Archangel . Stay down ! For eons , we 've shed human blood on father 's command . It 's a terrible task , but it 's ours alone . But the unholy joy you took with your duty shocked me more than any ! Is such joy for archangels alone ? For I gleaned it all from you , Michael . Your brutality ... Was a glorious inspiration . You are my muse , Michael .| Brother ...  No , Michael , you wouldn 't . Lyrae , you have broken the will of god and must be punished . No , you wouldn 't , Michael . I cast you down to the lowest sphere of heaven . Gabriel . Gabriel , stop him . You will no longer hold the exalted rank of higher angel , thereby your body shall be taken from you . Stop him , Gabriel . I banish your spirit to the cold ether of the outer sphere . Oh , what satire ... That you should be judge and executioner . To the darkness , far from the warmth of father 's light . Gabriel !
I had a pretty great childhood , actually .|Two houses . Two rooms . Two sets of clothes . Even had two favorite teddy bears . One for each bed .
Thank you .|It 'll work . It has to .
But you know , that 's impossible . What the hell ...|It 's disgusting , watching the news .
What counts is left or right .|It 's the same with our work .
It can , and it will .|No more , brother . I 'm done .
There 's only left or right .|And I 've had it with all that .
What ?|Is there anything we should know going in ?
No more , brother . I 'm done .|Perhaps we are never truly done .
You 're looking well .|In this situation , isn 't a coffee shop more appropriate ?
In this situation , isn 't a coffee shop more appropriate ?|The air , you know , I still ...
The air , you know , I still ...|Give them to me .
Lady riesen .|Don 't tell me you 're praying .  No , I used to , but I don 't find comfort in it anymore . Faith helps little children sleep at night , but it won 't help me protect my city .
Thanks .|Strange , isn 't it ?
Strange , isn 't it ?|Think so ?
You got a date with a beautiful woman . Can you drop your weird little eccentricities and go with it ?|Be thankful . Look at her , look at you . Can 't you say , " I 've set records in overachieving . " People will see you and assume she 's paid for . She isn 't . You got a beautiful woman to go out with you for free . Enjoy the milestone . It 's a life moment . Off you go now .
You know what ? I did not recognize you before . Hmm , I didn 't recognize myself .|Curse of the Bambino lasted 86 years , right ? Not 87 . The Red Sox didn 't give up . Neither will I. Well , I 'd bet on you .
Do you think there 's a way to prove love ?|What 's that ?
This is a male boss .|A guy 's guy , who wanted to have a bathing suit day at work to lift a few spirits .
You know , Shawn , if it 's a role model you 're looking for , there 's someone else in this very room that you could look to . Well , I don 't see anyone except you . Yes , me . This corporate world is my very essence . Okay ? And as I climb the ladder to success , I want you there right with me . Next to you ? Behind me . That 's how ladders work . So , Shawn , listen and learn . Is that where you want to be , upstairs with the big fellas ? Oh , yes , very much .|Bon voyage .
Who ?|A woman ?
Shawn , what are you doing ? You never make eye contact with senior management . You have to know your place . Observe .|Hi . How you doing ? Nice loafers .
Oh . You just got a phone call . I heard . I like the way you handled Becker .|I did , too . My temp didn 't show up today , and I could use somebody like you .
Wow ! How about that , huh ? Two hours on the job , and look who 's out of the mailroom .|ERIC : Mom .
Well , maybe that 's true .|You think so ?
I just feel that a woman like you should be out doing something productive . Oh , yeah ? What do you call raising three children ? Done . Hatched . Raised . Listen , Mom , I 'm gonna give you the same pearls of wisdom you once gave me , okay ? There 's a whole big world out there . You go be part of it , young man .|Well , there is one thing I 've always wanted to try . Don 't care . Just go do something .
She doesn 't love you , Victor .|Hey . How you doing ?  Things are a little crazy , but I 'm handling it . Mr. Morris is still letting you play assistant , huh ? Yeah . He even gave me a little assignment . It 's a ... It 's a toothpaste account . And Mr. Morris wants to know what teenagers are looking for . Easy . Bacteria . I just saved your job , pal . Actually , I was thinking that fresh breath is sexy ... No , Shawn , no . Okay ? Sex does not sell . Focus on the bacteria , on the gingivitis , on teeth falling out . That 's the pitch . I don 't know , Cor . I 've kissed a lot of girls , and I gotta say , I 'm a breath man . Shawn , this is the business world , okay ? I know what I 'm talking about . MORRIS : Shawn , toothpaste ! Let 's hear what you got .
I see .|But now I never even think about dying .
Sorry I ' m late . I got some wine . I thought you might not show . I was nervous you got afraid . Afraid of what ? Men think if a woman invites him for dinner she just wants to sleep with him .|Come on , take your coat off .
You stinker !|Subtitles by sdl Media Group
He 's getting on my nerves .|I 'm fine now . I 'm going home . Thinks he 's a serial killer . That 's a little outdated . They 'll say he 's just a psycho .
Who 's that ? My boss .|Where 's Shawn ?
You 're the target .|Nobody 's being targeted .
Penis .|I ' m flummoxed .
Hey . Shawn , you 're back in the mailroom . Listen , they shouldn 't have put you in a job you weren 't ready for . Actually , I pitched my sexy breath idea , and Mr. Morris liked it .|He liked it ? Yeah . I guess you 're not the only one with good ideas .
I 'm going home .|Mita killed himself . Jumped from the hospital roof .
Can we at least do that ?|It 's 8 : 30 . He 's not gonna show . Even if he does this is not gonna work unless you focus on me . Forget about him .
I asked Shimano to kill me .|I couldn 't go on living .
" And as I turned the corner " and walked down that road , it occurred to me , " either I was going the wrong way , or that semi truck was , " but that 's life . " And it 's all we have . "|Thank you .
I begged him : If you love me , kill me .|Now it 's coming true .
That will be fun to repeat .|Oh , my God . This is what the bastard did last year on her birthday .
Shimano ?|The gun , I 'll give it back .
This didn 't ever bother you . It wasn 't with some heavy heart that you had an affair . Like my feelings didn 't warrant getting upset about . You humiliated me , Michael , in front of friends .|I want you to hurt . If that sounds vindictive , I don 't care . Eleven years of marriage , and you ... .
Because I got your gun .|You knew me from somewhere .
I made it so easy for you , didn 't I ? " She 's crazy . " That 's what you can tell your friends . " She 's crazy . " " Dropped a piano " ? " Must have been tough being married to her . She 's crazy . "|You got out , without anybody ever ... .
No , you 're completely normal . Nobody 's crazy . Not me , not you , not her .|I knew it .
I made it easy .|I 'm not making it easy anymore .
I did .|You 're kidding .
Thank you . Thank you .|All right .
No .  Oh , boy .|Well , you know , not every person is right for every job .
It was knowing .|It was malicious . And it 's uncontested . She purposely destroyed his most valued possessions in an attempt to hurt him . This isn 't a question of liability , but a question of damages . What she ruined priceless . But we need you to put a price on it , just the same .
I tore my way through walls of air .|With every wall I broke through , the hollowness inside began to fill .
With every wall I broke through , the hollowness inside began to fill .|I needed someone to talk to .
Mom , college is my time . You shouldn 't be here . You should be at home raising your kids . They 're not done yet .|I 've been a mother and a wife for most of my life , and I 've loved it . But I need to be more .
Mmm !|Mmm ?
I ' m hitting on you . Listen , you know , I ... . I am not as neurotic as I seem . Well , actually , I am . I hired you to get Greg and now I want you . But see , I drink a lot of coffee ... . No . It 's just I can 't date clients . Ling 'd fire me in a second .|But I 'm not a client anymore . I could clear it with Ling .
Oh !|Oh , well , okay .
Once again , I walked as I always have .|Everything should 've changed , but the hollowness remained .
Well , it doesn 't really matter , 'cause I 'm dropping the class . Eric shouldn 't have to be embarrassed by having his mother with him . You can 't do that , Amy . Why are you calling me Amy ? Because that 's your human name .|I reread your paper , and I realized that you 're more than just a mother and a housewife . You 're also a really good storyteller , and you should ... You should come back to class . Really ? Yeah . And if that 's what you want to do , you should come back , and you should really keep writing .
You stinker !|Subtitles by sdl Media Group
I have sick leave coming .|All right , if you truly think you ' re ready .
And forward motion is our goal .|I 'm glad you 're gonna get to know Jack Cochran .
Over and over again . Why do you ask ?|Oh , this case . You know the idea that people do marry the person of their dreams . It does happen , right ?
As much as I loved Barry , to walk down the aisle exchanging vows with a man I didn 't feel passion for it was a bitter disappointment .|And , of course I couldn 't very well share it with my husband so , as a result , it was a very lonely day .
And , of course I couldn 't very well share it with my husband so , as a result , it was a very lonely day .|And the truth is it still hurts .
Hello . Thank you . Thank you , John .|My father died before I was born trying to save a child drowning in icy water .
Nothing . A cell phone ? The ... The company gave it to him .|Good for you , Shawn . Yeah . They also gave him a credit card . Oh , a credit card , too . Cory , the company gave Shawn a cell phone and a credit card . What did they give you ?
That 's right .|Miss McBeal ?
Don 't tell him I 'm gonna look at his nametag . Richie , I caught you ! I caught him . Richie 's here building a pyramid of sugar cubes .|You made a nice pyramid . You have good ideas . You want to do things , you 're motivated . That 's okay . But wouldn 't you rather work with people than with sugar cubes ?
It 's not normal for people to marry when their hearts aren 't in it ! She shouldn 't face prosecution , but she shouldn 't have gone through with it . Fine , sympathize with her but if you identify with her , I feel sorry for you because there has to be passion !|Work on your dismount . Figures the one marriage that would have passion would be theirs .
Don 't think about it too much . Come here . Come on , help me out here . Who else we got here ? Who 's this ? Joe , stand up . Come on here . You 're a big guy . Looks like a hip cat , right ? Who else ? Come here , you . You 're a big drink of water . Get over here . Careful , everybody . Are you supposed to be in a parade , later ? Nice outfit . Lookin ' great . Would you mind getting down on your hands and knees ?|Come on , make a move . I don 't have all day . Let 's go . These are busy people , and we don 't have all day . Mike , is it ? Will you play our game ? Come on . You ever done this before ? It 's a big thing in our country . Get right up on Marion , here , okay ?
You did great .|I guess for the first time , I 'm just jealous of you .
Of me ? Cory , stop putting so much pressure on yourself . Everyone knows you 're going to be fine .|I 'm sorry I underestimated you .
I 'm a motivator , not a physical therapist . Get over here . Look , center . Come on , here . All right , now . Come here . Help me out .|Lift her .
My mother never loved my father .|They ' re still together . She never loved him .
I 'm real proud of you . Yeah , well , I 'm proud of you , too . For what ? Well , you know the executive washroom on the 30th floor ? I heard Keller say to Marsden that it 's never been cleaner .|That was me .
When I was 3 and he was away I got up in the middle of the night because my ear hurt .|And I walked into my parents ' bedroom and she was there with a man I 'd never seen before .
 " A Mother 's Struggle , by Amy Matthews . " After 36 hours of screaming and sweating , " my bundle of joy , Eric , " gallantly made his way through the birth canal . "|Hey , hey , hey , hey !
That was the day I started pretending .|People want to know why I can romanticize love into this illusion .
" Walter . "|That 's lovely ! It 's from a song .
Yeah , I 'm here . " Dear Mr. Corcoran . " It 's for me .|" We regret to inform you of the death of your father . "
Maybe it is just sex and joint checking accounts and liking the same movies .|Let it go , Ally .
Are you all right ? Of course . I 'm always all right .|You haven 't called me Jackie since I was a little kid .
These four graves belong to the town 's previous leaders . They dedicated their lives to save ours . On the first day of the war , our town was passed over . The next morning , the prophet came . He said he 'd received a message from God . If we did what he said , we would be spared . He built the fire that protects us , that cannot go out . My heart tells me that , after the celebration , you 'll feel the same way that I have all these years ... A sense of peace , protection from evil . You truly believe you hear his words , don 't you ? Michael , I know that you drove the most important person in your life away because of something you did .|Something tragic .
Something tragic .|It 's not my intuition . It 's our father 's voice . That 's how I know .
I got to go give a closing argument .|Is she coming ? And she 's okay to do the closing ?
I was a prisoner in Gabriel 's aerie for three months . He tortured me . I escaped . As you can imagine , he 's gonna be really pissed . I came here for an alliance with New Delphi to help me defeat Gabriel . I want to unite the two greatest cities in the cradle ... Something that 's never been done since the beginning of the war .|Your heart is racing . You know , fear is the common cause , but lying is a close second . Why would I lie ? To save your skin . My skin , along with yours , will be in the hands of an archangel if you don 't take what I 'm saying seriously . You escaped from Gabriel ? You can understand why I 'm suspicious . I had help . Vega dropped a bomb on Gabriel 's aerie .
I didn 't see anything .|Now there 's something .
Yes , I 'm on hold .|Excuse me , I 'm looking for Trowbridge Bowers , Attorney at Law .
One more chance .|Or I never go near your knee pit again .
Well , Mr. Corcoran , at last . Come in . Nice to meet you , under difficult circumstances , son . Have the ... brought around now . Sit down . All right , sir .|Took a while to find you .
It 's time .|Miss McBeal .
This should clarify .|My father was a giant ? We saved his nose . Here .
I 'm over it .|How much ? Marcy , can you bring in Mr. Corcoran 's papers , please ?
Am I crazy ?|You 're not crazy , Mr. Philbrick but I 'm afraid it might be our little secret .
Marcy , if you 'll witness , please .|Now , forgive me for asking but this a great deal of money .
I don 't mean by Billy or Greg or any man in particular . It 's just one gigantic stress fracture . Do me a favor . Call Elaine and say I won 't be at work today . Or tomorrow or the day after that .|Why ? Because I ' m staying in my room where life is beautiful .
I don 't want it . Why would the man leave me an elephant ? Hey , come back here !|There 's your property damage . It hates fences . Well , I 'm not paying for what somebody 's elephant does . I 'll take this .
T ell me what you 're thinking right this second . This woman in that case , she made the guy up . And so did I , or I have , I guess . Every time I hear a love song on the radio or movie I tap into this guy who I 've never met , but I know is out there .|But he 's not out there .
Trust me , okay ? They 're out there .|Oh , Ally , hello .
Good .|What ?
Puh ! Yeah . Puh ! Shawn , we really like dancing . You should come with us . It 'll be fun .|Cor , maybe I should go dancing , you know ? My relationship with Angela is new . I don 't want to disappoint her . Hey . You 're a guy . She 's got to get used to it . Shawn , we are men , okay ? Now if men don 't want to dance , we do not dance . Tonight we do what men do . Right ! What 's that ? We go to the gym ! We pump some iron . And we sweat . Are there private showers ? Well , there better be . So , guys ? Dancing ? Yes ? No ? No , no . You girls go with your friends from work and do your little dance routine . Shawn , does that go for you , too ? Are you sure I 'm not going to get hurt on this ? It 's the way God intended it . No , go dance . It 's God 's will .  So , ladies . You 're coming dancing tonight with myself and my equally handsome and beautiful friend Sergio ? Yes ?
Yes .|Boy , we pumped a ton of iron last night . How you feeling ? Good . How about you ? Good . You want to help me take off my jacket ? Yeah . Listen , what 's important is we had a good time doing our guy thing , and the girls got dancing out of their systems . I just wonder if Nunzio or Sergio tried anything . I don 't trust anyone with that many zippers on their pants .
Hey , guys . What happened last night ?|You see what I did there ?
" To Jackie . I know I haven 't been the best father . " Dad , shouldn 't this read , " I 've been no father at all " ?|" But do me one favor , son . " Sure .
Why are you here ? I have a matter . Mr. Fish is representing me . What sort of matter ? Well , I ' m trying to have a baby .|My insurance company is refusing coverage of the fertilization process . So I ' m suing them . Oh , well ! Good luck .
You see what I did there ?|Nothing happened . We danced . I am a little tired .
I didn 't ask .|Why , Topanga , I think they 're jealous . I am not jealous , okay ?
Yes .|Why are you looking at me like that ? Ally , I 'm going to ask you something and please don 't drop me , okay ?
It 's no big deal at all .|So , then , you guys will come with us next time ? Hey . Wouldn 't miss it .
Hands offio .|Oh , yes . You are Shawn . The one who belittles the art of the dance .
Oh , right . From your escort service . No , just men , the ones out there .|On my way to work , I 'll ask the cute ones to come over . You 'll walk up to them and ask them to come over ? Yes .
It feels silly . It is silly , but once I let myself feel the change , it emanates from me .|Yeah , and women , they love me now .
And don 't tell me . You are Cory . The luckiest man alive , for you are dating Topanga , who is as beautiful as a flower . No , no , no , no . Not a flower . A garden . A garden full of beautiful flowers .|Your words are beautiful . Gracias . And because you are special to Topanga and Angela , you are special to Nunzio . I give you a special table .
What 's with her tonight ? Maybe Angela knows what 's bothering her . Angela , honey ? Sorry , I got a table of 12 .|You 're not fooling anyone . All right , enough of this . Topanga ! TOPANGA : What ? Topanga ! What ? I 'd like a baby burrito , a junior taco , and your boyfriend would also like to know what time his girlfriend 's getting home from work . I told you , I don 't know . I bet Sergio and Nunzio would know . Stop that ! Look , I need to concentrate on my work right now , and I 'm having a hard time doing that with you here . I 'll call you when I have a better idea of what time I 'm through . Topanga , table 5 , please . Got it . Sure , for Nunzio , she has all the time in the world .
Throw something bigger .|Thank you . Can you recommend a facility that takes animals of this size ?
Do you think that I am crazy if I retreat into my room and ... ?|Never mind .
What do you do in your room ? Do you see him ?|Sometimes I imagine taking a long walk with him next to me .
Just hold the ladder , all right ? And don 't speak !|Hello , Katherine . George Feeny . Good evening . Pleasant evening for a stroll , isn 't it ? What are you doing home on a Saturday night ? A handsome man like yourself . Stop that . I 'm about to sit in front of a fire , enjoy a glass of sherry , and dive into a good book . Alone ?
Be home , Vernon .|Be home .
Well , I hear they make a heck of a mocha .|Good night , Katherine .
Good night , Katherine .|Mr. Feeny ? What ? A hotty like Kathy Anderson asks you out , and you just blow her off ?
And your dog doesn 't have a scratch on it .|Yeah , but his spirit 's broke . At the age of 32 , this one man , Anthony Robbins has helped over a million people dramatically improve their lives . Recognized by Time ... The guy changed my life .
Yeah , but his spirit 's broke . At the age of 32 , this one man , Anthony Robbins has helped over a million people dramatically improve their lives . Recognized by Time ... The guy changed my life .|Too bad . There 's a sign , " No shoes , no shirt , no service . " Just deal with it , okay ?
Why didn 't I see that ? Well , Mr. Feeny , I 'm in college . You 're still in high school .|ALAN : Eric ! What ?
To go , please .|There you go .
Touch the lettuce please , don 't touch me .|Don 't touch me !
Yeah . That 's great . That is wonderful . But that is not what I asked for . Put your nose down , and come on up into the car . Here 's Kirby 's trunk . Come on , let 's go . On three . One , two , three .|No .
Cor , we trust our girls , right ? Of course , we trust them . That 's why I 'm going to call Topanga .|She won 't get mad ? No , no . She 'll be flattered . Women love that kind of attention . Well , when you 're done with Topanga , put Angela on . I want to flatter her , too .
You should leave Hong Kong for a while . You have something up your sleeve , don 't you ?|Don 't worry . An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth . I swear .
You know , I don 't get women .  Why can 't they be more like men ? Yeah , I 'll tell you one thing . There 'd be a lot less Emma Thompson movies .|Hi , guys . Hey , Sonja . Hey , Cookie .
Dead ? Not on my train . She 's not dead . She 's just stubborn . She 's just impossible .|Get up , dammit . Get up , Vera .
She seems to like you .|You keep that door near about closed , Colonel . Charlie !
He is a man of great ambition . Have a meeting to clear up their misunderstanding .|It 's too late when the elders of the Black Dragons lose power .
Hi , guys . Hey , Sonja . Hey , Cookie .|Looking good . Go for the burn .
You 're right .|Since I also share the blame for my daughter , I 'll meet them to settle things .
Hold that thought . Okay , ladies , order anything you want . Okay ? When you 're out with us , calories don 't count . Ooh ! Chimichangas , here I come .|Nunzio ! Not even Nunzio could help you now .
I thought you were probably holding ' back a little cash on me .|Then I began to " D , " deliberate .
Leave Hong Kong for a while .|You know what ? You 're always like this .
You get rid of your problems .|Just do what I 'm telling you . Fine .
Hello . How ya doin ' ? How 're you makin ' out , Vera ? My goodness gracious , it 's so good to see you .|There you go .
There you go .|Good girl .
Good girl .|That 's the way they are . That 's how they greet people , how they greet each other . They sniff each other out . Don 't worry though , I just shake hands .
That 's the way they are . That 's how they greet people , how they greet each other . They sniff each other out . Don 't worry though , I just shake hands .|I would 've known you for Kirby 's boy . Except Kirby always prided himself on neatness .
How dumb are you ? Almost as dumb as Cory .|I told him it would backfire . So , did Cory tell you why exactly you were here ? He said we would have a romantic dinner , and I could maybe get my green card .
Why don 't you sit ? Here , on the couch .|You won 't get any circus cooties .
You idiot !|Don 't overreact . Yes , boss . Then how about breaking his legs ?
Angela doesn 't even get me . It 's like Topanga and me are speaking different languages . Well , one thing 's obvious . It 's not us , it 's them .|Yeah . Well , now , wait a minute . Maybe we should all just think a second . No . Shawn and I tried that . It doesn 't work .
There 's Dad .|Right below the fat lady and above the dancing bear . Your dad didn 't have Vera when he met your mother . Some town in New York State .
Okay , I 've been silent long enough . Guys , I 've been working on a theory .|Men are idiots .
Kirby left us for several years and then he came back , with Vera .|Performing is when your dad let himself go . Him and Vera were some act . I mean , he trained her himself . I don 't know how he knew how .
I forgot that was in there . Luluna and your dad were engaged before your mom came along .|Don 't worry . You wouldn 't have been born tattooed .
Men are idiots .|What ? What ? No , wait , there 's more . All right , there it is . Men are big idiots .
What ? What ? No , wait , there 's more . All right , there it is . Men are big idiots .|ALL : Oh . Yeah , see that ? So what do we do ?
ALL : Oh . Yeah , see that ? So what do we do ?|You know , maybe we should just try listening to them .
Oh , Topanga . This is great . Thank you . Mr. Matthews is okay with this ? Oh , he is so stuck in front of that satellite TV , he doesn 't even know I 'm here . He knows you are here . Of this I am sure . Katherine ? What are you doing here ? I love dancing . I wish there was a way to get your neighbor here .|Come on , Topanga . I miss Shawn , too , but let 's just try to have fun . I can 't have fun . I really want to be with Cory . Why do men have to be so stubborn ?
Hey , come on . Show me that spin move .|This little thing ?
No .|Stop .
A Chink from Hong Kong .|Big Boss wants me to guide him . Maybe the guy who 's coming is a big gun .
You know , George , I did write another poem . Oh , I don 't have to read it . It 's wonderful . Check this out .|You like to dance ? Um , no , thanks . I 'm not really good at dancing . That was not a question .
We 'll give it a try .|I guess that trick died with your dad .
Welcome , son of Herne . Be blessed .|Amen . And amen , brother .
English beer .|Graham is already better .
You 're probably right .|Heck with Walter . He 's a rube .
I can 't believe this girl . What 's with you ?|Do you like me or something ? Sorry but I 'm busy now . I 'm Lim Aryoung .
What ?|Are you Lim Aryoung ?
We get them .|I promise you . We will get them .
How old are ...|Damn it .
Stop .|That 's to stop . Stop it . And a trucker 's license . That 's what the hijackers took first . That 's how they work . No license , no truck . Do you think I 'd be going across Kansas on foot with an elephant ?
They took my rig , bro !|All right . And I 'll take this .
You will burn in hell , dirty heathens .|What a hero .
By God , I killed the man who has done so .|Are you now satisfied ?
Learn to drive , you son of a bitch !|I can 't drive this .
Without injuring them .|May Herne the hunter , Mr. of trees , protect us .
Granny hole 's first gear , birdbrain .|Thank you .
How long you think it 's gonna take ?|I don 't know what you done to that transmission , but that truck ain 't goin ' nowhere for a few weeks . Now , you do know how to drive a truck ?
Hey !|I 'm sorry , boss .
Hey , Mister you tipped this one up , too .|Natural Talent ? Yes , may I speak with Terry Bonura , please ?
I 'm here to see Mr. Yang .|Oh , you 've arrived .
I 'm in a meeting now , so could you wait for a moment ?|You seem to be busy , so I 'll leave for now . Please think it over . You have one week .
You heading west ?|East . I have a highly trained elephant . I have a number of attractive offers for her but I want to give you people a shot . You heading west ? This your elephant ?
Why are they silent ?|Maybe learn Gisburne thinking . Then he is dangerous .
I told you to kill .|Hi , honey . I 'm in Kansas .
That 's okay .|You will find your place a bit uncomfortable .
Sure I miss you .|Headed west ?
You sound so firm .|I have a rather large elephant here . Not every man can say that .
Everything except game .|Do you like handsome men , sweetheart ? Yes , you know there is a coincidence ?
Little bit stupid , but not that abnormal .|You little ...
How are we gonna get to California ?|All right , I want you to wait here .
And scrambled eggs . Bacon , sausage , or ham ?|Sausage .
Hey . Come here .|This is your room .
Small but comfy , huh ?|No ! Not this room !
We can not do .|I would be only one solution up , because otherwise ... will all those people , your people die .
Does she like her room ?|She 's such a brat . She has to suffer to learn .
Damn , I don 't believe this . I don 't believe it . Now I got to deadhead clear to California .|Maybe I can help .
Hey , you ! What are you doing ?|Hey ... Are you a pervert or something ? I can 't believe this !
Hey ... Are you a pervert or something ? I can 't believe this !|Brat .
The forest . The trees .|Should I save you from the trees ? Have you been drinking ?
The Rocky Mountains . Clean spring water , right ?|Right . Come on . Government don 't want the stuff clean .
It smells bad .|Try mine once .
Stay , Will .|Ga backwards .
Get it right ! Wham !|Wham !
Tip Tucker . Yeah . At this rate , we 'll be in LA tomorrow night .|Maybe I 'll go out to dinner with Terry . Hell , no , I didn 't pick up the bowling ' pins . What ? Perhaps she 'll have a little elephant buddy for you .
I think I 'll take .|As a reminder .
What 's happening ? Are we being arrested ? Don 't worry , ladies . I 'll get you to your senior swim class . Thank you , Dr. Minnie . Oh ! Whoa !|Hey , it 's not a crosswalk , ya know ! It 's ... it 's not a ...
You don 't know how to hit yet .|If you hit like this , it makes a big sound but no pain .
Hey , it 's not a crosswalk , ya know ! It 's ... it 's not a ...|The end . You have been listening to " Wizards Way . "
So I hear you guys wanna do some exploring ' ? Canteens . Cool . So what do got for me ? Credits ? I don 't take credits . I want gadgets . See this gum ? It used to be a book on tape . Gadgets . Hmm .|Hey , not bad . I 'll take it . Get down to Basket Beach , and I 'll meet you at the boat in 30 minutes .
This exercise is good for the back muscles .|Look ! Hello .
The bad news is you 're gonna carry me .|Okay .
Hold still .|Hey .
I 'll do this job with all my heart .|Translate this to her .
Translate this to her .|If you 're a guest , act like a guest . Translate .
Shh , shh , shh , shh , shh , shh . Don 't worry . Daddy 's always got a plan .|Finn , I 'll be back for you .
Hello . Hello . Hello .|Hot breadsticks is what we bake We don 't bake pie and we don 't bake cake I can 't believe that of all the hundreds that have tried , the gallbag that finally makes it past the Guardian is Martin Mertens !
None of your business .|She came here to eat new food , make new friends , and go around places to gain many new experiences . Her answers are really short , but it 's got some meaning .
Hot breadsticks is what we bake We don 't bake pie and we don 't bake cake I can 't believe that of all the hundreds that have tried , the gallbag that finally makes it past the Guardian is Martin Mertens !|I don 't understand .
Who do you think we are ?|Translate automatically .
God .|Baby .
Merry Christmas .|Wait , Micke .
GOING TO PRISON|Damn .
Make no mistake . She 's the best researcher we have .|Good morning , Lisbeth .
Close , but we live a bit rougher than that .|You don 't have to translate that .
Wrong way . Over here . Wrong way . Get away . That 's cold . Get away . Get away from there . Help . Don 't do it . Take a drink , and that 's it .|Can you swim ?
You order the goods . I deliver them .|What can you tell me about Blomkvist ?
How about the police ?|No need . They 're idiots .
God , get back there . Get back . Back . Come on .|Freeze .
I 'd just like to hear your personal opinion .|I didn 't find anything on him , not even speed fines .
There must 've been some misunderstanding .|Here .
She finally gets it now .|Hey , why aren 't you laughing ?
There are two healthy women in this house .|Think it makes sense that I keep cooking ?
The secret to good meatballs is to wet your fingers .|When you roll them , rub your hands in opposite directions .
Good morning .|Sorry , good afternoon .
You crazy ...|Hey , that 's seat for the boss . Get up . It 's okay . Easy , easy .
It 's raining !|My whining days are over !
She 's our guest . She 's a guest only when she behaves like a guest .|Time to eat .
New Mexico State Police . How 'd you find us ?|Through prayer .
It 's Harriet Vanger , my brother Gottfried 's daughter .|You 've met her . This girl ? Your father worked for me during the summer of 1965 . He was a mechanical engineer at the plant and lived in a cottage here .
You 've met her . This girl ? Your father worked for me during the summer of 1965 . He was a mechanical engineer at the plant and lived in a cottage here .|You and your mother came for visits during the weekends .
You and your mother came for visits during the weekends .|Harriet looked after you . You often played down there by the water .
Is help on the way ?|The phone lines are down .
Aren 't you afraid ?|Please be careful .
Isn 't there anything you can do ?|Up here , push up here . Come on , honey . Push up here .
Up here , push up here . Come on , honey . Push up here .|Vera !
No one knows . She just disappeared .|You 're well prepared .
I think that he would want me to see that she gets into the movies . And you will be in the movies with her ? With her ? Me ?|Of course . I mean , you are a performer , no ?
Come on Mr. Noh . You 're putting us in a tight spot . Take it easy and please drink this .|Damn it .
Damn it .|What the hell are they doing here ?
" Terry Bonura . " Hollywood , California . "|Jack , I waited and waited . I thought you fell off the face of the earth .
You fucking idiot .|What if she simply ran off ? You have to keep the accident in mind . The bridge was closed for 24 hours . That 's the only way off the island . So Harriet disappeared when nobody could leave . It was only the next day we started thinking there might be a crime . But then the bridge was open and the killer could 've disposed of the body . She could have drowned , killed herself . We dragged for her body . We had tracker dogs and divers everywhere .
Big one must be Vera , and you must be Jack , right ? Terry .|You 're as pretty as you sound .
You 're as pretty as you sound .|This is Rosie . This is Vera and Jack . Where are your manners ? Say hello .
You 've devoted 40 years to ... I 'll pay you a substantial fee . You 'll be well off . You 've nothing to lose .|Nothing 's waiting for you in Stockholm .
Come in .|Luckily we managed to get together despite the holidays . Please sit down .
This is what we 'll do : From now on your pay will be deposited into a new account that I administer . Each month you 'll get a small amount for personal necessities , but all other expenses have to be approved by me . Okay ?|How do you look after your personal hygiene ? What do you mean ? With all those rings . Don 't you get infections ?
Do you have a boyfriend ?|No . Have you ever had sex ?
No , they 're coming to us , remember ? I thought we were gonna be partners . All right . Jack ? Vera 's okay . Why don 't you sign the papers ?|Look , Cookie , I 'm trying to make this work .
Turn the vehicle around , sir , now .|I don 't see why not .
Then when you see Big Boss later , tell him just that .|That it 's hard to find good men like us .
Would everybody in the building excuse us , please ? We 're trying to make a plane .|Could you just get up against the wall ? Thank you . Come on , honey .
Could you just get up against the wall ? Thank you . Come on , honey .|One more for Sri Lanka , please .
That it 's hard to find good men like us .|Filth like them lures filth .
Filth like them lures filth .|You must be really upset .
You 're gonna stay there ?|In Hedestad ?
How about this ?|What is this ?
And the rest ?|You have to go shopping .
Eating hot fried pork and vomiting is really painful .|Are you all right , boss ?
Come on .|Step aside , ladies !
Don 't call him boss .|Anyway , something 's strange .
There are photographs . Police reports .|News articles . Even some of Harriet 's belongings .
All in all , the Vangers are a pretty unpleasant bunch . Most of us hate each other , but are forced together by the business .|My brother Harald lives in there . We don 't get along , to put it mildly .
Mo , can I take this one ?|Come on , girl . Come on .
Come on , girl . Come on .|Well , you go on ahead and have a lot of little elephants . You got me to a better place , and I 'm gonna do the same for you .
Well , you go on ahead and have a lot of little elephants . You got me to a better place , and I 'm gonna do the same for you .|I 'll even pretend that it doesn 't hurt to watch you get on the plane .
Hey , boy . Once you start , you keep going .|Look at me .
You wanna go to Salads and Such ? I 'm vegetarian .|So was Vera .
My brother Harald lives in there . We don 't get along , to put it mildly .|Your brothers Richard and Harald joined a Nazi group in the 30 's . I see ... You already know about that . Gottfried was a member of the Hitler Youth .
You bitch .|Damn it .
Strangely enough , some people always remain alive in the end . Some have to , to be able to start again . And what else is there for this future cadaver to do ? Give him oblivion thus leisure activites .|And what does man do when he isn 't killing other men ? He kills what resembles him most !
It was maybe ten seconds , I think . Anyway , really fast . What are you talking about ? She beat up Parrotfish with just one swing .|He must be drunk out of his mind . No , trust me this time .
He was drunk and fell into the lake . They found him the next morning . Down by the jetty .|It happened the year before Harriet disappeared . Henrik said you were traveling . I had to come home in order to hide Harriet 's body .
She threw these chopsticks and they stuck to their foreheads . About ten of them fell down at a time . Then Miss Lim jumped into the air .|Stop drinking for a while .
He is hailed when victorious , mourned when defeated .|Between wars , between hunting , there is dead time . One fills the time the best one can . Hastily , as a humble handyman .
I know I like to exaggerate a bit , but ...|Shut up .
" Oh , my God , my wife , my husband my cousin , my guest ! " They use every excuse to take any chance on it . Every man for himself , and headlines for everybody .|Crime might not pay , but it does bring in the money .
Crime might not pay , but it does bring in the money .|Sometimes it also gets us into trouble . One must take care of the details , focus on the big picture and forget the craft . The 3rd man , the 4th arm of the living beheaded , the 7th victim the 13th crime of the sadist , the 42nd bearded man .
I was very flattered when you rang . And maybe a little surprised .|You stayed neutral in the media during the worst mudslinging .
Yes ...|Dear Diary . It 's fall now . The weather 's getting colder .
Big Boss said I beat up Parrotfish last night . Remember anything ?|Nothing happened when I was there .
Plague calling Wasp . Plague calling Wasp .|Hello .
Yes , man !|As a getaway car , it 's pretty okay . With sirens and all ... Shut up ! We make a robbery in 2 days . We should have prepared for 2 weeks . What the hell did you have in mind ? Wait ? In two weeks she 'll be dead !
Know what , Lisbeth ?|I can 't just hand you 20 ' 000 .
Anyway , do we have to do this , boss ? Don 't you think you 're being irresponsible ?|Are you crazy ?
Ask Detective Kim for a favor . He 's an expert at finding people .|I may be out of place , but my mother left home when I was a boy .
He 's dead ! He 's dead ! Stop the car !|He died ! Give me your hands .
He died ! Give me your hands .|We only have four minutes !
He 's dead , Frank ! Here ... Don 't call the cops .|Hello ... ? Give me the National Hospital trauma center . Fast ! My name ? I 'm standing here with a heart attack victim . Give me a doctor !
What did you just say ? Who else could help her but us ?|What the hell 's wrong with you ? She 's her mother ! It 's not like she 's an aunt ! Shut up . The one who 'll find her is Detective Kim , not you . You 're right , boss . Bribe , I mean , give Detective Kim enough commission to find her .
I lost the connection ! Close the door ! Hurry ! Yes , I should what ... ? No , there 's no pulse at all .|Hello ? I can 't ... It takes two people . Isn 't there someone who can help you ?
Hello ? I can 't ... It takes two people . Isn 't there someone who can help you ?|Okay ... Okay , just wait a moment ...
Okay ... Okay , just wait a moment ...|Are you going to help me ?
I can 't believe it , either . No , I didn 't mean that .|It 's quite fun .
It 's quite fun .|Let 's go meet them .
Like that .|Come here .
She has nothing to do with this . Yes , she does . Ask her .|He wants to take you away .
That little one there . He looks like my son .|We 'll be playing football before long .
Have a drink .|You boys okay ? Sorry , boss . No , I got drunk and raised havoc , so it 's my fault . That 's not what happened . Ashamed of being beaten by Aryoung , Parrotfish lied to Chopper Boss . What ?
What did she do to him ? Parrotfish couldn 't even lay a finger on her .|Why didn 't you tell me that ?
Let me go .|Do you hear me ? Let me go .
I know it 's been hard working under a thug with no sense of duty .|I won 't fight you one by one .
I 've read your report . Thrilling stuff . Particularly that you stole my files . The police would find that intriguing . They also ought to know that you are still hacking into my computer .|If you remove those papers , I 'll take off the chain .
Do what you want , but don 't touch her . If you touch her , you 're dead .|This is your last warning .
This is your last warning .|Don 't touch her .
I won 't tell you this again .|Don 't make me mad !
Don 't make me mad !|Sons of bitches .
Back off . Hide yourself behind me .|Don 't worry about me .
If you get on my nerves again , I 'll kill you .|Don 't touch them .
Can 't I even go piss ?|Come on , Julie , we 've got to hurry .
Come on , Julie , we 've got to hurry .|Were you the one who made him come back ? Yeah .
Even if they 're hit by a car or struck by lightning , it 's still your fault .|Welcome !
They couldn 't sell the farm after what happened . It 's been empty ever since .|This is where she was found ? Yes . Her husband found her . It was horrific for him . Horrific .
This is where she was found ? Yes . Her husband found her . It was horrific for him . Horrific .|She was lying right here .
If the opponents exceed you in number , beat the leader and it 's all over . You saw what happened , right ?|Anyway , if it wasn 't for you , Aryoung would 've been in danger .
What are you doing , man ?|We 've got to get going now .
Anyway , if it wasn 't for you , Aryoung would 've been in danger .|Yeah .
Give me the money . I 'll take care of Mother .|What are you talking about ? We 're not splitting up now . This is just a little detour . Can 't you see how much trouble you 've already caused me ?
We had very high ratings . So we must make a series of new programs on old murder mystery .|It 's my program host , Sally .
As far as I know , Magda 's body was found after only six hours . By a farmer who saw the smoke from the fire . He thought it was some kids having a party .|Someone cut out fat from the body .
Come here . Take deep breaths . is it helping ?|Hey , that 's great ...
Please trust me . I 'm not that kind of man .|You promised me . Don 't you remember ? What ?
It 's been quite a while . Oh ... I 'm sorry . Won 't you have one ?|Well ... Yes . Our mother made them for us .
I swear by the moon . You don 't have to go that far .|You smiled .
We 'll make the boat . Tomorrow Mother will be in treatment . Dammit , Frank , we 're going to make it . What did you expect ?|Where does one deliver someone like him ? The ambulance entrance is ... there . There ! What the hell are you doing ?
What the hell was that ?|Jesus Christ , Frank ! What do we do ?
Now ?|Yes , lick it up . This is unbelievable .
Janne ...|So he 's partner with Wennerstrom . Damn .
It 's gone . Good night .|Is she implying we kiss inside ?
Yes , when Dad died .|He wasn 't driving . It was me. lt was the first time he let me drive than damn bike .
Anita , your sister ? When you came , I thought : " something new is happening . " That it was beneficial to have healthy blood in this vicious colony . But you are more of the same . You are as obsessed as Henrik .|It flashes . Hi , Micke .
Back to your seat now !|Please forget what you saw yesterday .
Fantastic .|I take it you don 't want to go home ?
Written by Teruo Ishii|Yoko Mihara Teruo Yoshida Junko Ikeuchi
Thank you for understanding .|Now you know what I am . As my secret 's revealed , I won 't be nice any more .
Why , if it isn 't Reiko ! Come in !|I 'm so glad to see you again ! So am I ! You 're looking great ! It 's been two months ! How long are you here for ? I have to fly back tonight . You 're no fun ! It 's business . I just wanted to see your face . Well , now you 've seen it . Don 't talk like that ! Be nice to me ! No ! I 'm angry at you . I 'll be back next week . I 'll bring you something nice . You will ?
Liv means Eve . I bet that Liv Ingvartsson was Jewish as well . Racist murders . It fits with the pseudo religious rituals .|But what about Harriet ? Harriet died because she discovered a pattern . How the hell could we miss it ? They 're Jewish names . There were three Nazis in the Vanger family . Only one was still alive when Harriet died . Harald .
Take your hands off all of our businesses .|Someone said that Yeoju is a good place to retire .
But what about Harriet ? Harriet died because she discovered a pattern . How the hell could we miss it ? They 're Jewish names . There were three Nazis in the Vanger family . Only one was still alive when Harriet died . Harald .|Who happened to be hunting when you ran alone in the woods .
I hate nosy men !|I wonder if you 'd accept a transfer to Osaka ...
I wonder if you 'd accept a transfer to Osaka ...|Osaka ? !
Osaka ? !|It 's a branch office , but the work 's not much different .
Yes , boss .|Let Hwabaekryun know that I sent the wolves .
She said that doll is cute .|What are you waiting for ?
Harald ...|No .
Come out !|Did Jwa Guk Chung send you ? You 're just like the rumors have it .
Did Jwa Guk Chung send you ? You 're just like the rumors have it .|We don 't have much time .
We don 't have much time .|What 's she up to now ?
What 's she up to now ?|They look like the guys Chopper sent . You made a wrong choice , you fools ! You all stay out of it .
Boss , Chopper is on the move again .|He sent assassins .
Let 's see , Uppsala ...|What the hell ... ?
The Director asked me , and the paperwork 's done . And I 'm in disgrace over that pickpocket thing , too . So you deserve it ? I don 't think so but it can 't be helped . What about us ? You don 't care if I 'm here and you 're in Osaka ? But what can I do ? Say it !|What ? You don 't want to go . To who ? Mr Morikawa ! The Director ? He 'll listen . I guarantee it .
How could I check if it 's real or not ? You want me to check after I die ? Come on , boss .|Yes .
Could it be ?|Blue shirt .
We know that Harriet discovered a series of ritual murders from the 40 's to the 60 's . We know she found a pattern the police didn 't know about . We believe that 's why she was killed .|But that ... It sounds totally insane .
If Lisbeth can track down his travel activities from the accounts , we 've got evidence against him . Bills , invoices . She 's going through everything .|Very well . I 'll call the police . Try Morell .
Boss , what are you going to do ?|Listen carefully . I 'm their target .
What do you do with them ? What about the references ? The mutilations ?|That was my father 's project . He mixed his hobby with race and religion . But it was a mistake . You shouldn 't leave the bodies behind .
I lured them away .|But they kept following us .
But they kept following us .|They probably didn 't see me .
You 're horrible !|Are you OK ?
I would have enjoyed killing her . But she disappeared . Just like you 'll disappear .|Do you want some water ?
What ? I didn 't want to say this , but she regards me as her best friend .|She 's scarier than those assassins .
She 's scarier than those assassins .|If we meet them again , let 's tell them to shoot her first .
You see ... you 're just like everybody else .|It only takes a simple , human gesture to ignite the small hope that I might let you go after all .
Will you cancel the transfer ?|OK . You win .
OK . You win .|But tonight , let 's you and I have a real farewell party .
Hey !|Just sign it .
What really happened out there ?|He did not die in some accident , huh ?
Get out .|What are they following us for ?
Come back later . Tomorrow 's fine .|Anyway , I 'm quitting .
Anyway , I 'm quitting .|You think you can ? Is that a threat ? I 'm tougher than the other girls , you know . And if I say no ? Then the Vice Squad will get an anonymous letter about how prominent companies are supplied with beautiful young women with just one telephone call to the ' Croquis Sketching Club ' .
What ?|Change seats .
Change seats .|No , it 's okay now .
The victims ' relatives must be informed .|We contact those we find and tell them what happened .
It 's you ! You got me into this ! Let go of me ! What will people think ? What ? !|I won 't run . We 'll take the family car .
Backwards !|Step on it ! Faster !
Step on it ! Faster !|What are you holding ?
It 's a good story . But I will not write it .|How can I thank you ? You have solved a mystery which spanned too many years of my life .
Damn it , not now .|What is this ?
How can I thank you ? You have solved a mystery which spanned too many years of my life .|It was my first case . I think it should be the last .
That 's enough tag . You 're not scared ? Not a bit . You 've got nerve . And you 're nervous . Whatever . Give me my wallet . OK , but on two conditions . What ?|I want to sit down . Let 's go somewhere and talk .
What 's wrong ?|Step on it !
Everything 's all right ?|Have we met before ?
Later . Where 's my wallet ? OK , OK ! But you have to answer my question .|What 's so important in here ?
Mom ?|It 's me . Lisbeth .
Where did you steal ...|You got this from me ?
Why do you ask ? I heard that Chopper has been quiet .|Suspicious of anyone else ?
I wanted to come a long time ago .|You look so different now .
But if you harm my boys , you better watch your back .|Help yourself , honey .
Thrills .|And handsome men .
Come in !|Mikael . Welcome back .
Forgive me .|I 'm sorry .
Seeing that she got the hint , she 's quite smart .|Yes , she is . Her mother is Korean .
One day I 'd had enough .|Dad was drunk as usual .
Damn , it wasn 't funny .|Teacher . Please don 't kill me .
So ... do you approve ? Yeah . You 're gorgeous . So I can stay till morning ? Oh , sure .|Wait ... I could use a bath ... But ...
Teacher . Please don 't kill me .|What did I do wrong ?
An eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth .|This is the principle
Dad was drunk as usual .|He reeled off Bible verses and boasted about all the women he 'd killed .
He reeled off Bible verses and boasted about all the women he 'd killed .|I took the oar and hit him hard .
But when I turned around Martin was there .|Martin treated me even worse than Gottfried .
He has a short temper , Miss . You never know what he 'll do . So answer us before you get hurt . I don 't know anything . I was just asked to come here . Who do you work for ?|Tell me his name .
And then you went to Anita ? Anita helped me get out of here . When the bridge was opened , she drove the car . I was in the back seat under a blanket .|I 've been thinking of you all these years . I sent you the framed flowers because I wanted to tell you that I was out there somewhere .
A girl on the switchboard at work introduced me . After work , I call a Mr Deguchi from ' Bacchus ' every two hours . And ? That 's all .|I don 't even know what Mr Deguchi looks like .
Of course , because of Mr. Jo .|I 'll give you what you want .
I hope you 're doing okay . Call me .|You have a visitor . Half an hour .
You have a visitor . Half an hour .|I am so happy to see you .
Wennerstrom affair took this morning a new turn . The police have now examined all of Wennerstrom 's bank accounts . It appears that a large sum has been withdrawn from an account in the Cayman Islands . Several million Swedish kroner has been withdrawn . Police are now investigating an unidentified woman who was caught on a surveillance camera .|Lisbeth ...
A friend never makes a refusal .|I swear by my heart . Trust me .
What is this ?|Give it to Aryoung .
Movietown News presents Spotlight on Adventure .|What you are now witnessing is footage never before seen by civilized humanity , a lost world in South America . Lurking in the shadow of majestic Paradise Falls , it sports plants and animals undiscovered by science .
Don 't worry . I 'll keep your secret .|Sweet dreams .
Why , our subject today , Charles Muntz !|The beloved explorer lands his dirigible the Spirit of Adventure , in New Hampshire this week , completing a yearlong expedition to the lost world .
I can 't wait that long ! Settle down ... take it easy ! This isn 't a game ! And it 's all because you stole my wallet ! I feel responsible . But I wish you 'd tell me why it got you into so much trouble .|Mr Morikawa told the police we decided on a lover 's suicide because I 'd been sent to Osaka but when I saw Reiko dead I got scared and ran .
Mr Morikawa told the police we decided on a lover 's suicide because I 'd been sent to Osaka but when I saw Reiko dead I got scared and ran .|And the police believe what he told them ?
And , Jiminy Cricket do the locals consider Muntz the bee 's knees . And how !|Adventure is out there !
They dusted for fingerprints . The radio said mine from work matched the ones on her doorknob . That 's natural . So I don 't have an alibi !|I was just wandering around .
I 'll write again .|Love him ?
Let me see .|Your feet are badly swollen .
So you have Mr Morikawa 's card , he sends you to Osaka then goes to the police ? Yeah ...|Anyway , that card 's all we 've got to go on .
He hurdles the Grand Canyon .|He hurdles Mount Everest .
You 're such a pervert .|Everyone okay ?
You go find that bar , ' Bacchus ' . And you ?|I 'll go meet that girl 's customer at Tokyo Station in the morning .
What ?|You 're not the one they 're after .
When will I see you ?|Under the Hattori clock , the day after tomorrow at 6 a. m just before your train .
Under the Hattori clock , the day after tomorrow at 6 a. m just before your train .|See you then .
See you then .|Ow !
Yes , as Muntz himself says , " Adventure is ... " Adventure is out there ! Look out ! Mount Rushmore ! Hard to starboard ! Must get Spirit of Adventure over Mount Rushmore ! Hold together , old girl . How 're my dogs doing ?|All engines , ahead full ! Let 's take her up to 26,000 feet . Rudders 18 degrees towards the south . It 's a beautiful day . Winds out of the east at 10 knots . Visibility unlimited . Enter the weather in the logbook .
Hey , I don 't bite .|You and me , we 're in a club now .
You and me , we 're in a club now .|I saw where your balloon went . Come on . Let 's go get it .
My name 's Ellie .|There it is .
Thanks !|Where to , sir ? Just drive .
My mother asked me to give you this . Thanks .|She said thanks .
Cross your heart . Do it !|My Adventure Book .
How many men have you brought to places like this ?|Come on , confess .
Come on , confess .|Tell me .
I 'll say it myself like a real man .|I didn 't know you 'd leave this early .
Wanna know where I 'm gonna live ?|" Paradise Falls , a land lost in time . "
And this is the first time I felt this way about someone .|I didn 't tell you , but ...
You know , mister ...|Hurry up !
I 'm gonna move my clubhouse there and park it right next to the falls .|Who knows what lives up there .
Good morning .|Miss ...
That 's it ! You can take us there in a blimp !|Swear you 'll take us ! Cross your heart !
Swear you 'll take us ! Cross your heart !|Cross it ! Cross your heart ! Good , you promised . No backing out .
Dad ...|I 'm sorry .
It 's members only . All classy guys .|Yeah , naked .
Shady Oaks Retirement . Oh , brother .|Hmm ...
The guys 'll love those boobs .|My old boyfriend used to say I was like a transistor radio .
There 's nothing you can do .|Oh yeah , here .
Oh yeah , here .|So what was the big rush ? You left this behind .
You don 't look so good .|I 'm worried about no news from Korea , and Mr. Lim 's disappearance .
See these ? These are my Wilderness Explorer badges .|You may notice one is missing . It 's my Assisting the Elderly badge . If I get it , I will become a Senior Wilderness Explorer .
That 's nice , but there 'll be trouble if they find out .|But in Asakusa they 'll never find out .
I don 't feel so good . Prepare just in case .|I 'm sorry .
It 'll be a thrill ! You know Asakusa ?|I started there . Let 's not go straight to a hotel . Let 's go somewhere first . Sure . Take me somewhere thrilling .
I 'm sorry .|I won 't kill the man who will be your husband today .
I won 't kill the man who will be your husband today .|But if he blocks my way , he will die one day .
So you 've been here for three years , too ?|It 's hard to quit , even if you 'd like to .
Let 's reach our goal together .|Thank you , boss .
They take just about everything we make ! This place is awful . Be careful . Yeah ? But the girls they send to big companies seem to do well .|Those are the A class girls .
Those are the A class girls .|But they end up like Reiko .
But they end up like Reiko .|Reiko ? It was in today 's paper . I 'm not just telling you because you bought lunch ...
Never forget in whose hands you will die by .|You have such bad manners .
Thank you , boss .|If I disobey you , I will die by this sword .
Watch what you say to the new girl , OK ?|Come on ! You can 't leave now ! You promised ! But you ask all these questions about the club !
Come on ! You can 't leave now ! You promised ! But you ask all these questions about the club !|Like some reporter !
You sneak .|You little bitch , you 're no match to me .
You 're not a reporter , are you ? Look at me ! Do I look that smart ?|No . You look kind of dumb , actually .
My pack !|Got ya !
Stop ! You bastard ! What did that idiot follow me for ?|He doesn 't suit you at all .
I lost it again , damn it !|Stupid .
Where are you going ? Just over the way . You 're an important guest . If I let you out of my sight I 'll catch hell from the boss .|I feel all closed in . Just go and relax with the others .
You must be tired .|No .
Your father always regretted leaving your mother behind .|Now it 's also time for me to leave .
Come on , honey , loosen up . I 'll find you a good job . You don 't have to worry .|Thank you .
Now , when you get up there , go ahead and hoist me up !|Got it ?
Got it ?|You on the porch yet ?
What ?|Propose to me , dummy .
She said she will marry .|To whom ?
What do you think you 're doing ? !|We can 't just watch this ! Idiot !
With you .|If I reject ?
This is fun already , isn 't it ? By the time we get there , you 're gonna feel so assisted . Oh , Mr. Fredricksen , if we happen to get separated , use the Wilderness Explorer call . Caw , caw ! Raar !|Wait . Why are we going to Paradise Falls again ? Hey , let 's play a game . It 's called " see who can be quiet the longest . " Cool ! My mom loves that game !
Hey ... Don 't cry . I 'll take real good care of you from now on .|Let 's get out of here .
Darn thing !|Come on , Russell . Would you hurry it up ? I 'm tired . And my knee hurts . Which knee ?
Put these away .|Okay !
Oh , for the love of Pete ! Go on into the bushes and do your business . Okay ! Here ! Hold my stuff .|I 've always wanted to try this .
I 've always wanted to try this .|Mr. Fredricksen , am I supposed to dig the hole before or after ?
I know ! I 'll phone them !|Man , am I stupid !
She said run .|She 's acting like my wife already .
The Colombian people frequently take to the streets to protest the FARC 's brutal methods and to call for the end to the violence and for the release of hundreds of hostages .|Although , with its massive cocaine revenue , the FARC has been able to equip its army with the most modern weapons of any terrorist organization in the world .
We have movement on Lago .|Principal acquired . Flashpoint Bravo , what is your count ?
Come on . Come on . Don 't be afraid , little snipe .|Nice snipe . Good little snipe . Nice ...
What 's wrong ?|I think I 'll be going .
I think I 'll be going .|I 've read it . So what ? I didn 't see the morning paper . I didn 't know .
I 've read it . So what ? I didn 't see the morning paper . I didn 't know .|The girl who was killed worked at our club .
Whoa !|Careful , Russell ! Hey , look , Mr. Fredricksen . It likes me . Whoa !
Reiko Takigawa ? ! She must have done something to get herself killed . Tell me what you know !|The reporter again ? You 're very easily shocked . I 'll be all right this time . If you want to sleep with me , go through the club .
The reporter again ? You 're very easily shocked . I 'll be all right this time . If you want to sleep with me , go through the club .|I don 't want to end up like her .
Careful with these vid packs . Had to sign for these babies .|Vid on .
Commander , Stingray insertion is green , en route to target . Let me know when you have visual . Yes , sir .|Hi , Commander . Like what we did with the place ? Used to be a radio station . Works for me . Nicole Jennings , U.S. Embassy liaison .
What ? You can smell us ?|I can smell you .
It 's old .|Do the job .
Oh , please , oh , please be my prisoner !|Oh ! Here it is . I picked up the bird 's scent ! Wait a minute , wait a minute ! What is this ? Chocolate . I smell chocolate . I 'm getting prunes and denture cream ! Who are they ?
Stingray 's in the objective perimeter , sir .|Looks like we 're losing the satellite , sir . Get it back . Working on it , sir . Trying to get another bird . Find someone with another sat .
Don 't worry .|Hey ! We don 't want you leaving this room . I want to talk to the boss ! Later . You 're up next .
Oh , man , Master will not be pleased . We better tell him someone took the bird . Right , Alpha ?|No . Soon enough the bird will be ours yet again .
I 'll be waiting .|Croquis Club
Beta ! Gamma ! Mayhaps you desire to ... Squirrel !|Mayhaps you desire to challenge the ranking that I have been assigned by my strength and cunning . No , no , no . But maybe Dug would . You might wanna ask him .
Delta , left flank .|Cover me ! I 'm moving . Road 's clear . Quick !
I 'm tired !|If I ask for you , can you get away quickly ?
If I ask for you , can you get away quickly ?|Hey ...
Do you not agree with that which I am saying to you now ? Sure , but the second Master finds out you sent Dug out by himself , none of us will get a treat .|You are wise , my trusted lieutenant .
You are wise , my trusted lieutenant .|This is Alpha calling Dug . Come in , Dug . Hi , Alpha . Hey , your voice sounds funny . I know , I know ! Have you seen the bird ? Why , yes . The bird is my prisoner now . Yeah , right !
What are we doing ?|Hey , we 're pretty far now . Kevin 's gonna miss me .
Lower defense . Watch my state .|I 'm hit .
I 'm hit .|Give him some cover .
Let 's go ! Let 's go !|Move out ! Come on !
Fall back , fall back .|Go , go , go !
I can 't help it . My finger has a life of its own . But what would have happened if I 'd never met Mr Yoshioka ? Mr Yoshioka would 've given us back Mr Morikawa 's card and it would 've ended there . Damn this finger !|And Reiko Takigawa ?
Go , go , go !|Come on . Get him to the boat .
I never actually built a tent before . There , I said it .|You 've been camping before , haven 't you ? Well , never outside .
Well , why didn 't you ask your dad how to build a tent ?|I don 't think he wants to talk about this stuff . Well , why don 't you try him sometime . Maybe he 'll surprise you . Well , he 's away a lot . I don 't see him much . He 's gotta be home sometime . Well , I call , but Phyllis told me I bug him too much . Phyllis ? You call your own mother by her first name ?
Hands behind your back .|Watch it . I 've got a bad temper .
We have to protect him .|Can Kevin go with us ?
Be a bit nicer !|We 're all out of nice . Tie her good and tight , too . Ow !
What is it doing ? The bird is calling to her babies .|Her babies .
Kevin 's a girl ?|Her house is over there in those twisty rocks .
Got it !|Great !
Here ! Come on !|We got them . We got them .
Colombian Army was also at that meet . You murdered your own countrymen .|Anyone who wishes to make peace with those monsters are no countrymen of mine .
How many more ? Five . The perverts who stick around for the ugly ones .|Three left , boss .
He looks pissed .|He 's calling us assassins . An American military hit squad sent to derail the peace talks between FARC and the Colombian government . Assassins ?
That 's not even off our vid packs . Yeah , somebody wanted that peace summit stopped . They wanted us to take the blame for it .|Now he 's saying we did it because the U.S. believes that as long as FARC is a problem , Colombians will be dependent upon us for aid , and therefore will remain America 's puppet . No , no , no , no . We saw the guys that ambushed us . The Colombian Army hit its own peace talks . Why ?
That is the darnedest thing I 've ever seen .|You 're not after my bird , are you ?
You 're not after my bird , are you ?|But if you needed to borrow a cup of sugar , I 'd be happy to oblige .
Oh , my gosh ! The giant Somalian leopard tortoise ! Oh , you recognize it . I 'm impressed . That 's an interesting story there .|Excellent choice . I found it on safari with Roosevelt . He and I fell into a habit of playing gin rummy in the evenings , and did he cheat ! Oh , he was horrible .
Don 't ! Someone 'll hear !|You stay here !
I 've tried to smoke it out of that deathly labyrinth where it lives .|You can 't go in after it .
Unless you have proof .|I 'm gonna give you a number .
And here they come , these bandits , and think the bird is theirs to take .|But they soon find that this mountain is a very dangerous place .
But they soon find that this mountain is a very dangerous place .|Hey , that looks like Kevin .
Save your excuses Motomiya .|Tell me about Hitotsubashi 's progress . You owe me the monthly report .
This is a major shitstorm .|Colombia 's ordered our military and diplomatic personnel out of the country .
The Digital Direct Drive and the unit eat up all of our time . We haven 't had to much time for a report on D.D.D. This is not an approved project . I 've warned you twice now Continue and I 'll be forced to scrap your budget . Wait a minute Mr. Tanizaki . Forget D.D.D. We 're making great progress using ether .|Shut up Shimika .
Yeah . I gave her some of my chocolate . She goes gaga for it . But it ran off . It 's gone now .|You know , Carl , these people who pass through here , they all tell pretty good stories .
Not completely . But if you give us a few more test subjects ...|Isn 't that Motomiya 's task ?
It 's here .|Get them !
Here 's our gear .|Triggered the alarm . Carter , you 've got security . Watch that door . Kill that alarm .
Triggered the alarm . Carter , you 've got security . Watch that door . Kill that alarm .|All right , find those vid packs . Got them . Good . Check them .
Get back !|Go on , Master ! I will stop the dogs !
You 're so cute .|Yes , I have to get my passport . I also finished yesterday 's account . Yes , we will meet at Ikebukuro 's .
Oh , no , no , no . Kevin . Stay down .|She 's hurt real bad . Can 't we help her get home ?
You lost them ? No , it was Dug . Yeah . He 's with them . He helped them escape !|Wait . Wait a minute . Dug .
Let 's start .|Here comes the ether .
Careful , Russell . You okay , Kevin ?|You know what , Mr. Fredricksen ? The wilderness isn 't quite what I expected . Yeah ? How so ? It 's kind of wild .
Do it . Go on .|Tell your people the truth .
Tell your people the truth .|What about your wife , your son , is this what they would 've wanted ? Help me to end this .
Stand down , soldier .|General Valez , Carter ?
What about Shimiko ?|You plan to steal his research ?
Look at that bird go . Wait up , you overgrown chicken .|That 's it . Go , Kevin ! Go find your babies !
Does he know ?|Just his sense of the past has vanished !
Just his sense of the past has vanished !|Awesome stuff !
Hold it ! Not so fast !|Your own incompetence put you into this mess !
Rivera . Videotape the bodies . Make it look like they tried to bomb the base . Rivera , Carlos Rivera . The factory bombings of Bogota . It wasn 't FARC . It was you . That is a lie . Kill him , Alvaro . No , no . Rivera has a handler , his codename is Apotequil .|Apotequil .
You ?|My wife .
He betrayed our country .|He betrayed us all .
This is so wrong .|Then make it right .
" There is a special breed of warrior ready to answer our nation 's call , " a common man with uncommon desire to succeed .|" Forged by adversity , he stands alongside America ' s finest special operations forces
Yes !|Don 't worry , Kevin . I 'll save ...
I 'm itching all over .|Even the air is full of bugs !
So we must give him more ether .|We should fix the books first .
Where are you keeping Kevin ?|Let me go ! Scream all you want , small mailman . None of your mailman friends can hear you .
Chief Newman , what caused the Diaper Mafia horrible acts of violence ? Well , uh , ah , no comment . I can 't believe this is happening in You ask me , these diaper mafia punks ale What is the use of sending these retards to school in the first place ?|All right , Tex , time to kill another one . Yes , daddy . Chief Newman , the Diaper Mafia has said they will execute a special student every half hour until their demands have been met . Really ? Yet it 's been at least 35 minutes since never mind Well , that 's a damn shame it had to happen on Take Mexicans to Lunch Day and all .
Ahhh !|Where are you , Fredricksen ?
You hear that , pigs , you hear that ? You You hear that hear that hear that ? A tard dies every five minutes unless the|You got that ? ! Got that got that ?
How do we get past these dogs ? Point !|Kevin .
Don 't worry , Kevin . We 're on our way .|Allow no one to be entering through these doors .
Okay , I understand . I 'll ring you when I 'm finally there . Bye .|It feels so good . Gimme another shot .
You like that , don 't you retard ?|Hello , Tex , Samantha Chambers , Really Real Bikini TV . This is my morbidly obese sidekick .
If that 's the Toxic Avenger , where 's his ward and sidekick Fatass ? It 's Lardass , punk !|Let 's fight .
I 've got my head up my ass .|Children , duck ! Duck ! No no no no !
The deltoid .|The triceps .
Children , duck ! Duck ! No no no no !|Toxie !
I will have many enjoyments from what I am about to do , Dug .|He wears the Cone of Shame !
The greater pectoral .|The rectus abdominus .
Think Toxie , if his heart stops the bomb 'll go off ! Aaaaagh ! put it back in ! Aaaaaaagh !|Ugh , there you go , good as new ! Oh darn it .
Why is Hitotsubashi doing ether ?|He thinks it makes you psychic .
Dug !|Master !
You 're the muscle monster .|Do you like Hitotsubashi ?
Being a teenager sucks .|Um , well Being a retarded teenager sucks worse . Drugs make it suck less . You 're pretty articulate for a druggie special student . What 's articulatit ? Ahhh ! Ummm ! Come on !
No !|Russell ! Get out of there !
Holy cow ! Lardass , I have to go impregnate Action sausage nunchuks Deli style !|T minus 3 seconds .
Russell ! Get out of there !|No ! Leave them alone !
Oh Toxie hurry ! Do you feel what time it is ?|Oh yeah , yeah , YEAH ! Ugh . Ooooh . Ungh . Oh Toxie , in my blind eyes you are the most beautiful man in the world .
Sorry about your house , Mr. Fredricksen .|You know , it 's just a house .
Shimika !|He 's experiencing the big shut eye now .
Fuck off !|Love , love , love , love ...
Oh ! Melvin what 's gotten into you ? I know you 're really excited about the results of the pregnancy test aren 't you ?|Umm yeah that 's it Sarah No Sarah I gotta get back to the school , the special kids are in trouble What am I to you anymore Melvin ? I feel like a giant ovary with a hundred and ten pounds of flesh attached . God !
Bye , Kevin !|Ready ? Ready .
Ready ? Ready .|And by receiving their badges , the following Explorers will graduate to Senior Explorers . For Extreme Mountaineering Lore . Congratulations , Jimmy . For Wild Animal Defensive Arts . Congratulations , Brandon .
T minus 2 seconds .|Toxie , Toxie ! The bomb is about to go off !
Not with this high grade LCD . Stop blaming me !|Everything you touch falls apart or starts malfunctioning !
Excuse me . Pardon me . Old man coming through .|I 'm here for him . Congratulations , Russell . Sir .
Oh Lardass ! My friend .|Alright men , ready , aim , make guns go bang .
And there 's more kill me if you dare !|The Unit I made is what gave you this power !
The Unit I made is what gave you this power !|You 'll get what you asked for !
It 's the side effects .|How do you like it ? Can you stand the dizziness ?
Are you selling the crack or are you smoking it ? Huh ?|Shit ! Hang on Noxie ! Noxie ?
Whoo !|Whoa . Smells like a satyr crawled in here and died . Yeah , that 's very funny . Whoa , hey , hey ! Mi ... mind the hair . Looks like somebody 's got big plans for the weekend , huh ? What 's up ? Well , if you losers must know , I have a date with Kora .
You 've got to see this !|Maybe you forgot after blowing your mind !
Come out Shimika !|Stop it .
Everybody back , everybody back , just relax , stay calm .|Toxie you alright ? What happened in there ?
But if Shimika 's memory returns , we 're in big trouble .|Yes , I fully understand . I 'll continue my search .
Yes , I fully understand . I 'll continue my search .|I must find them .
I must find them .|If that film comes out into the open , I 'm done for .
My eyes ! They started spinning !|Kiku , I can 't stand it . Gimme the stuff to make me feel good !
Wow ! Go Toxie !|Toxie , what could 've prompted this vicious attack on the citizens of Tromaville' No fucking comment .
YES !|Any final statement ?
Any final statement ?|Shut your fucking cake hole !
Ah , there 's no way , I 've got to get out .|Why is that ? Well , you know , I got that big date with , uh , Kora . Date ? You 're gonna have to do better than that . Come on , come on . Okay , I 'm a busboy . Ah , there you go . Now , don 't you feel better ? No , not really . It 's my first day , if I don 't turn up , Kora 's gonna fire me for sure . Why don 't you just tell Fiducius that ? Well , I tried . He couldn 't care less . Anyway , how is it gonna prove I wasn 't just making it up ? So I was thinking I might , uh , sneak out .
I can 't believe I 'm doin ' this . What ? You 're great with animals . Ah ! You know what I 'm talkin ' about . Fiducius would love to catch us pulling ' a stunt like this . Like what ?|Uh , uh , well , like nothing , sir .
Oh , he 's ... well , he 's right up in the loft , sir . Where ? Uh , right up there . You see , hey , lolaus ! I 'll go speed him up ! Uh ... Ho , hip , hip !|Uh ... hey ! My eye ! Sorry about that , the goat ... the goat moved . Hey , lolaus , toss me a bale !
Say it ain 't so Toxie , say it ain 't so .|It is so . Hold this fat ass . Oopsie daisy !
It 's okay , I 'm a waiter .|This is just not my day .
This is just not my day .|Come on , let 's visit Haskell , Graves , and Merrifield .
God damn . Oh Toxie ! Toxie , the children picked these for you .|Ah , go fuck yourself . Toxie !
Tina 's got her name in a tattoo . Course , that wouldn 't do you much good , because it 's ... It 's in a super private part of her anatomy .|Of course , she always thought you were kind of cute . Uh , Sam , you 've never seen Tina 's tattoo , have you ?
It 's like Noah 's Ark . Well , this is kinda fun .|Oh , listen , Al . You figure out what I 'm here to do ? Oh , uh , no , I haven 't finished the computation yet . Uh , just a second .
First thing my Dad taught me about mounting an unknown horse ... was to look him straight in the eye and show him who 's boss . Then , with a good grip on the reins , mount quickly and take a firm seat . After that , the rest was easy .|Uuh !
Uuh !|Hey , Doc ! Got a bottle of liniment for you right here ! Get up there !
How am I supposed to smoke this crack without a fucking pipe ?|Fuck off Spazmo , that 's the deal .
Fuck off Spazmo , that 's the deal .|But , but , but , the deal was the three of you guys for a rock and a stem . Look , look , look , you got your crack right , right ? Now , go smoke your shit , and get out of here . We 'll try not to fuck her up too bad for you , okay ? Bu but but , that wasn 't the deal That 's it . Now I 'm going to have to freak you .
But , but , but , the deal was the three of you guys for a rock and a stem . Look , look , look , you got your crack right , right ? Now , go smoke your shit , and get out of here . We 'll try not to fuck her up too bad for you , okay ? Bu but but , that wasn 't the deal That 's it . Now I 'm going to have to freak you .|Stop that right now . Hey , hey Noxie . What 's going on man ? You wanna help us beat up the retarded guy ? Or you , hey you wanna help us rape her ?
Stop that right now . Hey , hey Noxie . What 's going on man ? You wanna help us beat up the retarded guy ? Or you , hey you wanna help us rape her ?|Yeah , yeah .
Yah !|What were you two palaverin ' about ? Oh , I was just , uh , showing ' him how to dally his rope .
You tell him to keep his thumb up ? Wayne , if he 's not careful that rope will jerk his thumb off . You wanna win this contest or not ?|Now , I 'm tellin ' you somethin ' . The main mistake you 're makin ' is ... pick one and stay on him , patient . Even if another one is closer , don 't go after this 'un and after that 'un . Pick one and stay with that one . Now go try it again . Go on . Whoo ! Yeah !
Uh , okay . Do you know where you live ? We gotta get you home .|I tried but , my home was gone . 1 122 Maplegrove Rd . Tromaville , New Jersey .
I tried but , my home was gone . 1 122 Maplegrove Rd . Tromaville , New Jersey .|Just like Grandma said , and it was gone .
Yeah , what are you lookin ' at , Porky ?|Dickins is pretty strict about a dress code here .
Hmm . So ? Waiter !|More water , please . Mm .
More water , please . Mm .|Whoa !
Buy me a drink , Wayne .|Well , Orly , let 's me and you go talk a little bull . Eh , heh ! I 'll hold the money .
Hey . Oh , don 't scare me like that . Hey , what happened ? Oh , you won 't believe it . I get to the pigpen , right ? Oh , that 's great . Hey , you know what these are ? No . These are student records . So ? So , I just dropped most of the F 's . Okay . Flanicci . Wait . Flaenus . Oh , Jason , listen , I ... I wouldn 't mess with this if I was you , okay ? Ah , here we go .|Pythias Fiducius . As in , " Back when my boy , Pythias , went to school . " Let 's see if he 's the hotshot . Big Daddy says he is . Jason , I really think that we should put it back , okay ? Whoa .
What ? Oh . Incompletes ? Look at this . He even got a suspension . So much for Mr. Perfect Cadet , huh ? You know what 's weird about this ? It doesn 't even mention him graduating .|That 's because he didn 't .
Boss .|He was a good boy , once . Good student .
Isn 't it ? Yeah , it is .|Ah ! Oh ! Turn over Tess 's hand . Forget it , Al . You were wrong . Sam , turn over Tess 's hand .
Well , we 'll call whoever , and Sarah will make you some lunch , and|Where 's my shack ? It was right here .
Come on !|See , I knew it ... aces and eights . He was cheatin ' . He dealt ' em to her so she could beat you .
See ? I told you .|I don 't think we 're in Tromaville anymore Toto . Tito , my name is Tito .
He was a good boy , once . Good student .|Made me proud .
Here . I ain 't thirsty .|Tess , you 're pale , you 're hot , and I 'll bet nauseous . I want you out of the sun . I ain 't no quitter . Look , nobody said you were . It 's just , there 's some things that ... that a man can do better than a woman . There ain 't nothin ' that you can do better than me . And there are some things that a woman can do better than a man , like havin ' babies . Babies ? I ain 't having ' no babies . Isn 't that why you 're gettin ' married , so you can have children and keep Riata in the family ? I ain 't gettin ' married . Well , you are if I can keep up with you , and , uh , I figure that I 'm ahead on points .
I don 't know. I really don 't know . I 'm hungry . You said that I was going to have lunch . I 'm really really hungry . You want lunch too ? No , see I am a iunkie , so I don 't have to eat . But boy am I thirsty , do you have any whiskey or any booze ? Here you go kids , something to eat and drink .|Eww , gross . This whiskey tastes like pregnant lady 's piss .
Small ones at first .|I went easy on him . Covered for him . Let him get away with things .
I went easy on him . Covered for him . Let him get away with things .|He got wilder and wilder . Uncontrollable .
And uh . Lunch . and you two stay here . Stay here ? Stay here . Here ? Yeah , it 's a lot safer here .|It 's dangerous and unpredictable out there . So lust stay here and I 'll be back for you just as soon as I can , okay ? Bye .
You can 't keep blaming yourself for your son 's mistakes .|Eventually , you have to let him take responsibility for himself . I wish I could . Perhaps when you have children of your own you 'll understand .
Eventually , you have to let him take responsibility for himself . I wish I could . Perhaps when you have children of your own you 'll understand .|Maybe .
What ? Uh , she 's allergic to something on your ranch . She 's fine here .|Then you keep her . Well , thank you , Tess . That 's , uh ... That 's mighty nice .
So in closing , earning a rockterate in rock studies from the Equestrian Institute of Rockology is no easy feat . I am proud of each and every one of you .|Uh , each of ... No . Just you actually .
I 'll hang around and see what the deal is , then we 'll meet at your house later . Go on .|My place ? Go go go .
Shh , shh , shh . Easy . Easy , Piggy . That ol ' thunder can 't hurt you .|She can 't understand you . I 'm just usin ' my voice to ... soothe her .
My place ? Go go go .|Oh lick my balls . Mother fucker . Jesus Fucking H. Christ . Fuck .
You wanna dance ? What ? Dance .|I don 't dance .
No !|What did I do ? It 's not what you did . It 's what you 're gonna do . I ain 't gonna lose in here what I won out there . I didn 't think dancing was part of the contest . Everything 's part of the contest , Doc , and so far you ain 't been able to keep up with me at anything except posthole diggin ' ! And poker . I figure I 'm ahead in poker .
Bullshit ! We all loved Chief Newman . Face it ! Toxie 's gone mad !|Yeah !
Yeah !|Wait ! Wait Everybody ! Toxie saved me and my unborn child from the bomb . Toxie 's a hero !
Yeah ! Yeah ! Yeah !|Please . Please . Quiet down folks . Let 's get down to the Lord 's work .
Please . Please . Quiet down folks . Let 's get down to the Lord 's work .|We all saw the Toxic Avenger kill , not only our beloved police chief , but innocent bystanders as well .
Fear not citizens !|I have assembled the only team capable of bringing him in .
I wouldn 't mind one .|! Maudileena Daisy Pie , this 'll be easy ! What are you looking for in a friend ? A numerical importance rating between one and seven , seven being essential and one being " mehhhhhh ? "
And I thank God for it .|Now to introduce them first , please put your hands together and give the clap to The Vibrator .
Hey , I got an idea ! Let 's not tell anypony that part where you maybe for sure accidentally helped Starlight enslave a town . Hahahaha ! Tell . No . Pony . It 's not like she 's enslaved anypony lately .|Well , great seeing you again . I gotta run a few errands ...
Tess ! Tess McGill ! I know you 're in there . !|Wayne , what 're you doin ' here ? I wanna know if you 're marrying ' Doc . Well , that 's none of your damn business . Now , Tess , I figure it is .
Kites are cool . Ah !|The trick with an SLK is not to make the spars too heavy , but if they 're too light you got no ballast and then good luck tacking against the ALI . I really like kites .
Please welcome Mad Cowboy !|Jesus Christ !
Now , when rock super star Mastur G and mild mannered sex offender John Bator went into the same faulty elevator little did they realize that they would emerge as one man a man that could fight crime with shear repulsion and bad rhyming .|Please give a warm welcome to combined Mastur G and John Bator
Pizza delivery ! Oh ! Maud and Starlight , you 're here too ? WHOA what a coincidence , cause I was just , you know , delivering this pizza to , um ... you !|So how 's it going ? Just hangin ' out ... Hey , you could use this time to bond For example : do you " feel " like you 're becoming friends ? Um . I " feel " ... like I don 't want to talk about feelings ? Ah ! Forgot . I feel like I love that you two are becoming best friends !
I have many more to take him out , but I don 't think that will be necessary , Toxie will come in on his own . He was just having a bad day .|We all have bad days ! You know , maybe we don 't go around ripping off the arms of the police chief , and bash priests and cops in the heads with
Go on .|You had a lot to overcome , Sam .
Could you just once use the door ?|Happy ? Thank you .
Toxie ? Toxie , I 'm your biggest fan !|That 's great . Even a simple crack whore like me , working her way through art school , can appreciate the finer aspects of you .
Maybe we should follow the signs .|Hmm , Toxie 's Shack
The plastique palace .|That 's me !
Huh ? Huh . If this is about brunch , I uhh ... you know what ? Jalapeno red velvet omelettes sound gross ; I just can 't . Maud left in the middle of the night ! Oh , I guess Ghastly Gorge really does have the best rocks .|Why couldn 't you two just be friends ? Pinkie Pie ... I like Maud . You do ? Yeah , she 's weird . Hey ! No , in a good way . She sees the world in a totally different way than anypony I 've ever met . She accepts me for who I am . She taught me that a rock is never just a rock and she can make anything funny ! And we never had to say it but ... we got each other . You really were becoming friends ? I think so , but you kinda , sorta ... got in the way .
I 'll look in on you a little later . Where were you ordained , Father , Stillman 's Gym ?|Give him another unit of plasma . I 'll be right back .
Oh shoot ! There goes one of his arms . Oh , poor baby .|Oh yeah . Look at that . Oh , he got
It 's perfect .|YES ! MY SISTER 'S TOTALLY STAYING IN PONYVILLE ! I MEAN PONYVILLE ADJACENT ! Ahh ha ha !
YES ! MY SISTER 'S TOTALLY STAYING IN PONYVILLE ! I MEAN PONYVILLE ADJACENT ! Ahh ha ha !|Sorry , sorry , I 'm leaving . I promise . I 'm not even here . EEE , you 're wearing the slippers ! OK , now I 'm really leaving . Bye ! Bye !
This is Traffic Control Site Headquarters . Each unit , report your status .|I repeat , each unit , report your status .
I repeat , each unit , report your status .|Reporting from Tenjin Bridge . Traffic is becoming too congested .
I 've been an author , psychic , Yelp reviewer , bus driver , former Yelp reviewer who got banned for using too many obscenities in a review for a children 's theater , and a reader of half of one of Iyanla Vanzant 's books . I 've done the work , and for some reason , these people have given me a show to help you do yours .|Oh , I 'm sorry , Reg . Were you watching TV while the revolution dies ? Sorry . Dereca got me caught up . Dereca 's a hot mess . God , I want her to set me straight . Shasta . Pulled out all the stops .
We might want to open up one of the detours .|What a nuisance on a Sunday morning ! Sorry ! But please cooperate .
Hey , is that Lionel ?|Or a really skinny lesbian ?
White power ! White Power ! White power !|Hey boys I brought you a present .
Hey ! Reggie 's with me . Dude 's in my data structures class . He 's smart as shit .|No one 's ever been as fucked as you guys are about to be . Who we fucking ? I mean , I 'm up for it . I 'm just asking .
But it 's not like I 'm a racist . Never said you were a racist . Just don 't say " nigga . " Like , you didn 't have to say it just then .|I guess it just felt kind of weird to censor myself . It felt kind of weird to hear you say it . I mean , how would you feel if I started rapping to songs , you know , that say " honky " and " cracker " ? I wouldn 't care at all . Exactly , that 's the difference . The fact that you don 't care and I do . Like ... you get it ?
But will you fix my friend here ?|Oh hey , how ya doing there ?
I wouldn 't know .|No way ... Are these real ?
No way ... Are these real ?|YOU 'RE UNDER ARREST THE MOVIE
I think we can take care of it ! Thanks ! is that what you do here ? Give me a new body. I mean build me one . Think you can give me one of those bionic bodies or something like that . Get me a new body , alright ? Hotdog parts . Yes ma 'am .|You make a brother into a hotdog ? You lucky l ain 't got my feet !
It 's crazy .|Reggie ... are you okay ?
Are you okay , Reggie ? Talk to me .|Reggie , s ...
Thanks for your work yesterday . Keep up the good work . I 'm looking forward to it , Chief . It is good to be back . Oh , Kobayakawa , you 're back . Mr. Tokuno ! I look forward to working with you again .|Where 's Tsujimoto ? Well , she should be here shortly .
Hey , buddy can you spare some change for an out of work particle physicist ? Lardass ?|Lardass !
Reggie ?|Reggie , are you there ? Reggie ?
They 're all unusual for smuggled weapons . Almost like equipment for a SWAT Team . I wonder if they were planning on assaulting someplace ?|Next , what about the abandoned car ? Yes , Ma 'am . It was a stolen car . It was reported stolen a year ago . Documents forwarded by the Chiba Prefectural Police are available .
First of all , my name 's not Lardass , it 's Chester . I resent the implication .|Secondly , I wish I was dead . Huh ? I was a scientist , one of the greatest in the world , and now I 'm reduced to being the greatest cocksucker in the world .
Oh , Qomolangma !|Sergeant Tokairin is coming home !
I feel like I 've finally returned to where I belong . The Chief is his usual , dry self . And the Today is just like it used to be . Miyuki , I guess it was worth coming by every so often to maintenance our Today . No , it 's because Yoriko and Aoi took great care when they used it .|Once Sergeant Tokairin returns , it 'll be just like old times .
There can 't be many people who 'd be interested in such a car .|You 're absolutely right . Damn , the air conditioning in that police box is too strong . I 'll tell them .
You 're absolutely right . Damn , the air conditioning in that police box is too strong . I 'll tell them .|It 's not like you could forget the car there . And it 'd be too risky to leave it there for safekeeping .
What 's the matter ? My lips aren 't sweet enough for your toxic testicle nectar ?|Don 't worry , Chester , I 'll be back .
Mr. Tokuno !|Natsumi , let 's move the Today to the side . This is Bokuto Car 3 . Traffic light malfunction at Kinshi Station Front intersection . There are believed to be some collisions as well . This is lshihara lntersection Police Box . Traffic light malfunction at the east intersection of Kuramae Bridge . Requesting assistance immediately ! How can this be ?
You can hear ? Of course I can hear .|I was so worried about you .
You 're not a man . You 're deformed . Unformed . Flesh , bone , and bile , and missing all that which takes shape through a mother 's love .|You cannot comprehend what you took from me or why it was good , because there is no goodness in you .
ARer all , our soon to be baby needs a daddy .|And look at the little baby outfit I made , there 's even a little mop .
There is no humanity in you , no capacity for compromise , nor instinct toward repair , nor progress .|Nor forgiveness .
They 're investigating the cause of the outage , but they haven 't found anything at this time .|Good work today . Everyone , go home and get some rest .
Oooh , your manly chest , it 's not quite so manly anymore .|Umm , I 've been eating a lot of melons lately .
Thanks for working so hard on your first day back at the Bokuto Station ! The day 's finally over now .|We got a tip . There 's going to be an illegal weapons deal by Yokojukken River .
FLINT : Hang the starboard and stern anchors . Hang the starboard and the stern anchors . He thinks we 've lost our minds . Always a possibility .|Well , he 's carrying out the order , so have to hope he sees some credibility in it . That or he doesn 't know how to say no to the both of us at the same time .
Damn bastards don 't think much of us .|The boat is coming via Yokojukken River . The name of the boat is the Wakasa Maru ll .
Look you pervert , lust get get off !|Woo , ok , it 's time for the rough stuff . I 'll be right over here , Noxie .
Woo , ok , it 's time for the rough stuff . I 'll be right over here , Noxie .|Excuse me , madam .
Whoa . Whoa .|You know , my father used to tell me that when the world promises undesirable outcomes , only a fool believes he can alter the latter without first addressing the state of the former . Now , we are living in a world where Nassau has embraced English rule , where former pirates now exchange pleasantries with soldiers in the street , and where the last man to stand up and defy England is about to be shipped back there to be hanged . And exactly no one seems to give a shit about it .
That 's not ...|I see them .
I see them .|The Wakasa Maru is fifty meters away from Yanagijima Bridge .
You sent for me ? Dr. Marcus says that the stress of receiving visitors is aggravating his condition , so I will seal off this room from today . No one will be permitted in other than myself and the doctor .|As long as this state of affairs is necessary , I would like you to tend to him . Of course .
They appear to be stopping . Roger that .|The tip seems accurate so far .
The tip seems accurate so far .|It 'll be about five minutes until we intercept .
What is this , some kind ofioke ? Blast !|I wish I took those sign language classes at Tromaville Community College .
Well , that 's ok. I can read lips , you dirty dumb dumb dumb ass !|What 's a matter ? Why don 't you rape me rape me and beat me beat me like you usually do , you fuckin ' pervert !
A clearing in the litter , room for a mosquito net .|A quote by Kafu Nagai ? A Strange Tale from East of the River . I didn 't think young people would know his work these days .
A quote by Kafu Nagai ? A Strange Tale from East of the River . I didn 't think young people would know his work these days .|It 's coming .
No , no . Hold it , hold it , you don 't understand .|Yeah . Oooooh , yeah .
What happened to him ?|It was all a misunderstanding .
It 's explosive .|Well ladies , now that you 're all warmed up , are your chocolate starfish ready for my chunky dick snot ?
I was there in Nassau , and she 's there . Eleanor is there .|In a position of great influence , they say , at the right hand of the governor . She is one of them now .
Where did the lovely lady go ?|You 're about to find out all the answers to all your questions .
Miyuki !|Kobayakawa !
Have you told anyone of this ? No .|Why not ? I beg your pardon , ma 'am ? I know Eleanor engaged you those months ago to watch me . If you took this information to her , it would likely garner you credit with her at my expense . I know you have considered it . I am asking why you did not do it .
Hey , Nakajima , what about me ?|Reporting from western shore of Yanagijima . All suspects have been apprehended . No injuries . All right !
Claire Claire|Look Claire , look , I know I may look like that Noxie character , but I 'm not him . I 'm totally different .
I 'll do anything you want .|Just don 't hurt me no more !
Whatever happens will be the governor 's decision . Of course .|Any change ? No .
I 'm your daddy now .|I 'm about to have your abortion .
What about it ? We 're about to enter into a battle where every man must be behind us as any man with motive not to be so could sink us . It would seem that you have made sure that he has one . If it 'd gotten out , what he did , you would likely be stranded back in Nassau . Most of our men would be dead , and those that weren 't would be back in those cages right now . So you sent the vanguard to make sure that he understood this ? To prevent him from getting any ideas about doing it again , yes .|If you have something to add , you should just fucking say it . That 's not why you did it . Really ? Would you like to tell me why I did it , then ? Well , I wasn 't there , but , um , I 'd hazard the guess that you learned of what had happened , told him how fucking stupid he was , and in that moment , he gave you a look that amounted to something less than contrite . And in that moment , you felt it . Felt what ? Darkness .
Hey , hold it right there , Noxie !|What 's wrong with you man ? You 're and now what ? Takin ' the sex slave out for a romantic dinner ?
What 's wrong with you man ? You 're and now what ? Takin ' the sex slave out for a romantic dinner ?|I don 't know what 's gotten into you , but it 's not right .
It 'll be loud , confusing .|Men who 've never experienced fear are said to know it for the first time .
Probably because the biggest case since HQ was established is developing .|And the man at the center of all this is you .
And the man at the center of all this is you .|Where is Detective Emoto ?
Men who 've never experienced fear are said to know it for the first time .|But in this moment , there is quiet . An opportunity to find some measure of peace .
I can help you do that .|To repent .
To repent .|I have nothing to repent for with you . Don 't you ?
I have nothing to repent for with you . Don 't you ?|I understand the code you subscribe to . I understand you believe your violence is justified in the name of a defiance of tyranny , but there are mothers who buried their sons because of you .
Wives widowed because of you . Children awoken in their sleep to be told their father was never coming home because of you . What kind of a man can experience no remorse from this ? Whatever remorse I have or do not have is my own . That I choose not to share it with you says more about you than it does about me .|Me ? I am a shepherd sent to help you find a path to God 's forgiveness . A shepherd ? You are the sheep .
COURT OFFICIAL : When our lord governor arrived here , he promised you things .|Order . Prosperity . How many men are with you ? A dozen . I don 't know how far they 'll go . Not in the face of all that out there . That 'll have to be enough . Position your men around the crowd . Tell them to be ready to move . I 'm gonna try to shout him down , raise Eleanor Guthrie , raise whatever I have to to try and strike a chord . Turn as much of that crowd as I can in our favor . Your men should take my lead . Hopefully it 'll be enough to start a frenzy , cause enough confusion to break the ranks of the soldiers . Then in the chaos of it , we 'll make a move to free Captain Vane . Go . WOMAN : Do it ! Men who are not men at all , but beasts governed by the base instinct , incapable of anything but the most primal behaviors .
You swear you don 't know where he is ?|I do not know , and I have no reason to hide it either .
COURT OFFICIAL : Does the condemned have anything to say before the sentence is carried out ?|These men who brought me here today do not fear me .
But know this . We are many . They are few . To fear death is a choice . And they can 't hang us all .|Get on with it , motherfucker .
The same thing with the telephone line outage . Why ?|We 've also been investigating along those lines . What ? !
Is that so ? From what I saw , I 'd say seven is a reasonable guess . And that 's assuming he doesn 't call in reinforcements from Carolina , Virginia . There 's no shortage of men eager to kill pirates these days .|I walked that beach today . The terrain inland may be to our advantage , but that beach is not . The shore is too broad , the water too deep . Their anchorages will get far closer to the sand than you 'd like . Even with defensive positions engineered in the bluffs , it will be an uphill struggle to offer any meaningful resistance at all to their landings . All struggles are uphill . That 's why they 're called struggles .  That 's quite true . But there is an aspect to this particular struggle I don 't believe you 've yet cracked . I understand your tactical deployment of the Walrus . She 'll be massively outnumbered , but still a critical asset . I also understand you intend to place your Mr. De Groot in command of her .
He 'll manage . Yes , but he wasn 't your first choice . It was supposed to be Charles , wasn 't it ?|Are you suggesting a better replacement ?
Are you suggesting a better replacement ?|Me . England may have removed Charles Vane from our number , but there is too much of him in me for England to fully will him away . In his absence , with everything that 's at stake , I will be our Charles Vane .
Bee Number One ? Dunno ... Is it some kind of codename ? " Be " as in " to be or not to be " ? No comment ? Superintendent , if there 's anything I could say , it 's that I believe in Emoto . That is all .|Cool your head for a while .
YOU ALL GET BACK TO YOUR POSTS TOO !|Kinoshita ... Yes , Sir . At this point , I want any little scrap of information I can get . If anyone in the department knows anything , tell them to step forward . Yes , Sir .
I can 't go home when you 're locked up like this . Don 't worry . It 's just Superintendent Arizuka 's little performance . He 's good at that . Besides , this place is so empty it 's being used to store confiscated goods . He seems to have known that ahead of time . Yes , Sir ! I will take full responsibility and store it .|The perfect storage place that Yoriko was talking about ...
My God , I never thought of it that way before .|Now let 's save Tromaville .
Over millennia , they developed into vertebrates , and finally into humans . And imbedded in our spinal cords are the memories of pain .|Memories of pain ? Imagined pain ... Phantom pain of the limbs ...
Memories of pain ? Imagined pain ... Phantom pain of the limbs ...|People who have lost limbs continue to feel pain in their lost arms and legs . All pain is remembered by the spinal cord as information .
I guess that takes well l guess that|I guess I guess that takes care of that .
Hey , Co .|Thanks for checking in , but ... I 'm fine .  Yo , Reggie , after my class , I 'm gonna come with you to the dean 's meeting . Give him a piece of my mind . Thanks , man , but I can take care of it myself . You don 't have to .
My arm is broken .|My leg is all fucked up .
Dad , can we just wait a few minutes until Reggie gets here ?  Or we can tell you what happened . We were all there . That cop was ...  Miss White . I don 't have a meeting with you . I have a meeting with Reggie Green . Or at least I did an hour ago . Yeah , but , Dad , he was held at gunpoint by a cop . Nothing is going to happen unless Reggie is here , son .|Yes , sir .  Some liaison . Dean Fairbanks , this is not a good look for Winchester . The longer this goes on , the worse it gets . Like a toothy blowjob .
And the size of the data is too large . There must be some other data . Officer Kobayakawa , take your time .|This is a copy you made for your own use , right ?
This is a copy you made for your own use , right ?|You can go ahead and take it home . You have my permission . Yes , Ma 'am .
It 's not the fuckin hospital !|Hey , ya got a pisser in here ?
Oh my Gosh , who could do such a thing to a defenseless , beautiful , hot , exceedingly attractive woman like that ?|I must , I must free her , yeah .
I 'll blow them up .|Trace it ! 201 in progress !
" Roland , you must try the caviar . It 's like the salty tears of poor people . "|Oh , my God .  Oh . Whew . I needed that .
I 've been looking for you all day . How are you ? Fine .|You weren 't at the meeting with Fairbanks . We were all waiting for you . Got busy . We might have to reschedule .
Sergeant Tokairin is supposed to come home this morning to Haneda .|Looks like your date is postponed . Chief ! Where are you , Chief ? Over here ! Chief ! Here 's your breakfast . We 're very busy , so I brought it early . Please chew it well . Hey ! I can 't get to it from here ! Besides , what 's all the ruckus ? ! The Sakura Bridge was blown up . Everyone 's been dispatched except the traffic department policewomen . What ? ! No , it can 't be ! Hey , guard !
Looks like your date is postponed . Chief ! Where are you , Chief ? Over here ! Chief ! Here 's your breakfast . We 're very busy , so I brought it early . Please chew it well . Hey ! I can 't get to it from here ! Besides , what 's all the ruckus ? ! The Sakura Bridge was blown up . Everyone 's been dispatched except the traffic department policewomen . What ? ! No , it can 't be ! Hey , guard !|Damn idiots , they dispatched the guards too , didn 't they ? ! Hey ! Let me out ! Do you know how many bridges go across Sumida River ?
There are nine in Sumida Ward alone .|Twelve , including railway bridges and highways .
All this time I 've known you , I 've never been here .|Come here all the time .
And seven more downstream .|Nineteen ? We must close down every one of them and search them for bombs .
Nineteen ? We must close down every one of them and search them for bombs .|And most of these bridges make up the main arteries of Tokyo .
And most of these bridges make up the main arteries of Tokyo .|Today , the city of Tokyo will die .
All that matters is that I 'm here with you .|Oh Chester !
I saved the cheese for you , Claire .|I 've been waiting so long to cut the cheese for you , Claire .
Come here all the time .|There 's no need to hide it .  I 'm not hiding anything .
Gun in my face , your hate misplaced . White skin , light skin , but for me , not the right skin .|Judging me with no crime committed . Reckless trigger finger itching to prove your worth by disproving mine , my life in your hands , my life on the line .
And that 's preposterous !|That must be good and evil .
Tamir Rice . Rekia Boyd .|Reggie Green ?
Well I 'm glad you asked that question .|Nurse ?
Nurse ?|Oh lovely , lust like that . Thank you .
Kinoshita , recall Detective Tokuno 's team and find me an expert on computers . Yes , Sir .|But because Emoto disappeared , Number Two was never developed . Communications ! Yes , Communications here .
Now , inside your body you have to make a choice because these two right , they 're fighting , fighting , fighting . One will win , and eventually this is what it will look like .|That sizzles .
Me too .|I can 't believe I 've been missing out on this .
It was fearless ... and honest .|You know what ? What you said needs to be heard .
We must prepare for the worst .|Chief ! You know the password to Bee Number One , don 't you ? I 'm letting you out now . We 'll log onto the supercomputer at HQ .
I see a leader .|Well , maybe sometimes , I want you to just see me . Is that why you chose him ?
No way ... What ? What 's wrong , Natsumi ? What ? What 's wrong , Natsumi ? The sample attack site in Bee Number One is Bokuto Station . What ? ! In other words , Detective Emoto got data on Bokuto Station from the Chief .|The call to Bokuto Station was on purpose .
The call to Bokuto Station was on purpose .|What 's the matter ? ! It 's not here ! There 's just the contents page . Bee Number One has been erased . What ? !
What 's the matter ? ! It 's not here ! There 's just the contents page . Bee Number One has been erased . What ? !|He probably erased it before he disappeared .
Woah , it sure is hot out here today .|Hello ? Excuse me , is this the line for the family planning ?
I 'm here now , Reggie .|I am here .
It 'll be okay . Let 's just go to the rally .|No .
It 's been cut off .|The direct line to Headquarters too ?
We 'll return fire . Of course . You all follow me .|Yes , Ma 'am . Where are the weapons kept in this building ? Next to the boiler room . All right , let 's go . Superintendent , please retreat to a safe area . Fool ! Don 't treat me like an old man ! Follow me !
Are you hurt ?|I 'm okay . You 're hurt .
It 's already congested ! Hang on !|Bokuto Station , come in !
I 'm okay . You 're hurt .|I , uh ...
Wait here . I don 't have to listen to you .|I don 't know you .
Call a doctor !|Tromaville Abortion Clinic , may I help you ?
Damn ! That 's in the direction of the third floor armory .|Nikaido , we don 't need these anymore . We can 't get the ammo . But they were so heavy ! Sorry , my fault .
Nikaido , we don 't need these anymore . We can 't get the ammo . But they were so heavy ! Sorry , my fault .|Nikaido , fan me . Yes , Sir .
They got lights , which means they might have power . I 'll look around , see if I can 't find a generator .|I know , I know .
This is it .|Those men aren 't after the confiscated weapons .
Don 't worry . They 're not going to hurt you .|Or anyone for that matter .
Or anyone for that matter .|What do you think happened to them ?
Miyuki , faster ! Natsumi , brake for me !|Mr. Tokuno , behind us ... That 's an apparition . Don 't look at it ! Yes , Sir !
You can thank me for her proper burial by serving as a warning . You stand watch over her and us . Show the monsters outside that there are monsters inside .| Generator should last us through the night . I 'll stand watch .
Please tell me it doesn 't involve exploding a school full of special children .|No , it 's much simpler .
This air gun is pretty well made .|I 'm out of bullets ! Me too ! Everyone ! That box there ! Please aim for it ! welcome Back Tokairin
Ready ?|Upsy daisy .
Yeah , she does .|Come on . Let 's get back inside .
Patrol car entering intersection !|Mr. Tokuno ! Shut up !
Damn !|Miyuki , you and Mr. Tokuno go check on everyone ! Okay !
Miyuki , you and Mr. Tokuno go check on everyone ! Okay !|Nakajima !
Kabukiman running around , I must stay and protect the citizens of Amortville .|I have become the Retarded Revenger !
I want you to have this , in memory of Lardass .|Actually , Tito , you 've already made me proud .
I remember .| Do you remember the rain ?
My man I will miss you , Toxic Avenger .|I 'll miss you too , Tito .
We totally fell for their diversionary tactics , they managed to do this much damage to one of the stations , and they made off with important material we had seized .|We lost completely .
Yeah , can I have my blanket ?|Ready ?
Ready ?|There 's no place like Tromaville . There 's no place like Tromaville .
Joseph ? I found you , baby . Joseph !|I remember you .
Officer Nakajima ! Yes , Ma 'am ! Bokuto Station has been attacked , so it was a bluff that there are bombs set on other bridges .|Use your bike comm , and have someone pass the message along .
I remember our life together .|I remember our lives . I remember .
If I 'm misreading them again ...|Okay ! Okay !
Okay !|Tokairin ! It 's been a long time , Mr. Sugihara . Has something happened ?
Ok .|God , I think this is the Toxic Avenger , he 's from Tromaville .
Alright God ! You 're awesome !|All those other super human heroes would 've died anyways .
What a thing to ask after rousing me so early in the morning ! I 'm an Edoite ! Cherry blossoms , of course ! The people we 're after have guns .|They call us the river police , but it 's like napping most of the day . Now , I 'll get to brag to my grandkids . Here we go ! Yes , Sir !
Hi .|You 're so beautiful .
Did we contact the Harbor Police ? Yes , they 're being notified .|How are things going over there ? Nothing yet .
It 's okay baby . It 's okay . I 'm here . I 'm here .|Okay ?
They 've found the van that they used for their escape behind the Ryogoku Auditorium , by the Sumida River .|Sumida River ? Maybe Kobayakawa hit it on the nose .
It 's like the Panama Canal !|Reporting traffic light malfunctions . Several locations along the Sumida River . We don 't know how many yet . Again ... It 's a terrible simulation , just as the Chief said . Creating a diversion by blowing up a bridge , causing traffic congestion , the telephone line outages , and malfunctioning traffic lights . Then , those other malfunctions were ... Probably tests .
 What about you ? How did you die ? Alone .|These symbols we have , what are they ? They helped me find you . Bound us together , forever .
Deep breaths . Good .|Good , Joseph , good .
Captain ! What 's going on , Miyuki ?|Can we chase them into the Kachidoki Bridge direction at the Harumi Canal fork ? Sure , we could , but what are you trying to do ?
Toxie ?|Toxie is that really you ? Is that the real you ?
Drink .|Glad you 're back , Joseph . Once you 've recuperated we can talk all about it .
Yeah it 's me .|Oh thank God , Hey you 've gotta stop yourself , the evil version of you .
I found her , Ray .|Sarah , I found her .
I 'm not hungry . Still gotta eat . It 's weird Ray . It 's like time has no meaning there . Even though she died five years ago , when I found her ... it was like she was new to the world . You 'd mentioned time anomalies before but why now ? Where was Sarah before ? What 's bringing you together now ? Maybe I misread the translation and the tattoos limit the spiritual coupling to space .|Not like I 'm complaining . And it would make for an interesting chapter of your book .
Sweetie Honey !|Then it wasn 't a dream !
I just got back this morning . So , I 've been assigned to help out too .|Sergeant Tokairin ...
Sergeant Tokairin ...|I need you to go to Tsukiji right away ! And take the Superintendent to where the phones work . Have him call the Metropolitan Government and Harbor Security Department ! Sure , but what are you going to do ?
Where 's Sarah ?|I saw her at the hospital . She 's been kidnapped by the evil Toxic Avenger , the evil you , and
What are you not telling me , Joseph ?|She kinda threw me . You mean she physically affected you ? She threw me , across the room .
But still , what about the bombs ? That was just an empty threat ! Thanks to that , it 'll save us the trouble of controlling traffic . I 'll work things out .|I need permission from the Harbor Master too . I mean , it 's been maintained in perfect condition , but ... I 'll take full responsibility ! I 'm Superintendent Arizuka of the Metropolitan Police ! Faster , Sergeant Tokairin !
A patrol boat from the Harbor Police .|What do you think ? Is it a fake ?
We 'll find out when we get closer .|Thank you for your hard work ! We are from Bokuto Station , Officers Kobayakawa ...
What 's your name ? Sweetie Honey . I 'm a big girl too .|Oh yes you are , Here would you like a drink ?
They opened fire ! Captain , we 're almost at the fork . We 're counting on you .|You 're gonna fight , are you ? !
Yes , fight my son , Fight !|How long ! ?
How long ! ?|I 'm not sure .
Yes , that 's right . Please connect me .|It 's connected . There was talk of raising it for the Metropolitan Expo .
What is it ? I 'm due for my nose job .|I think Toxie 's good again !
But considering the finances , it costs 300 million each time , so ... Well , then good thing it was cancelled .|That wasn 't what I meant .
I think Toxie 's good again !|What misfortune .
Toxie , come in ! Videhauffer says you 've turned good again ! What the hell is that ? Go check it out .|And make sure whatever he 's talking about doesn 't make it to this floor !
Your eyes betray the strength you want with the weakness that you have .|You have come to seek my help . Do not lie .
You have come to seek my help . Do not lie .|Yes .
Drink . What is this ? The answer to your question .|Drink .
What did you give me ? A taste of what you wanted .|A taste of death .
Remember , you 're close to Hat territory . Don 't fire your gun or they 'll hear you . And make sure you have shelter before nightfall . It 's not safe here at night . I 'll be fine . Okay . Then that 's that . Go get out of here . I wouldn 't have found Sarah without your help . I 'm indebted . There is one thing . I want you to find my parents .|I never got the chance to really speak with her . What was she ?
So what do we have here ?|Morgan .
Morgan .|They had some food , some tools . Not much . He was carrying some kind of spear gun . And this .
Captain , we 'll return the tire later . No problem .|Three men ? Hey , Natsumi ! There were a total of seven assailants . Two were arrested at the station . There should be five left !
 Hmm .|Let me know as soon as they turn up .
This is Kinoshita .|Possible group of fugitives hiding in Shinkiba Station on the Yuraku Town Subway Line .
Faster , Officer Nakajima !|Make sure you return it !
It 's about twenty kilometers to Shinkiba . Assuming this chopper can take us there at half its top speed , at 60 knots ...|It 'll be approximately eleven minutes .
Hey , stop !|We made it in time ! Our destination is the Tokyo Heliport ! But when we asked earlier , they said there weren 't any suspicious choppers ! We 'll know when we catch them .
Emergency call ! Emergency call ! This is JQ1872 !|This is Tokyo Heliport Control . JQ1872 , what happened ? Engine trouble ! Engine trouble ! We want to land there at once .
Anyone , someone ?|Oh my God she 's hemorrhaging !
No no , this is lust dick tissue .|Hello ? Hello ?
Dear Lord .|Joseph ! Joseph , it 's me ! Snap out of it , Joseph !
Here we go ! Okay ! Don 't do it ! We will begin climbing now ! They 're serious ! Climbing will be dangerous ! So what the hell am I supposed to do ? !|Nitro on !
Nitro on !|Release !
Ray ?|Ray what 's happening to me ?
Hey , all right . Also at 1 1 our very own Josh Levinsky will be taking some of our local super heroes shopping for tights .|He 's a beautiful , big , bouncing baby boy !
I 've stopped the bleeding . You 'll have a scar but ... you 'll live .|So ... What were you thinking ?
 I know you don 't want to hear this right now but even you said it before .|What if it 's all inside your head ? When you go dark you 're someplace between life and death . What if your brain is filling in all the blanks ? After everything you 've seen . Heard , from you . Yes , from me .
Oh , he is beautiful .|He looks lust like you !
We 're in this together . Joseph , how do you know it 's real ?|It 's real .
I lust really wanted to thank you for saving me and my beautiful baby|Laqueesha .
Get off my property before I call the police .|Yeah .
Natsumi !|Quiet down !
Yeah .|Do you believe in angels , Mrs. Bennet ? Well , your daughter Caitlyn ...
She 's my angel .|Let 's go inside , sweetie .
But where ?|Probably there . But if we 're mistaken ...
 We give Him glory as we give you into his arms in everlasting peace , to be prepared to return into the denser reality of God the Father creator of all ...|Amen . Amen .
Amen . Amen .|Amen .
Doctors say my arm and leg should be healed in a couple of weeks . I lust can 't wait to get the stitches removed from my anus . Anus anus anus anus anus anus !|Knock knock .
He has a gun ! Sorry ...|It 's a robbery !
It 's a robbery !|Chief ! Stay back .
Chief ! Stay back .|Detective Emoto ...
And I think we have enough love to raise any kid as a good kid .|Well , if you think so , Melvin .
It 's okay . We 'll be gentle .|My husband , they took him . Your husband 's gone . Honey , no one leaves the pit . It 'll be okay . You 're with us now .
Now let 's take a peek .|What ?
I see . It 's a strange thing to say , but good work .|Good work ? ! What the hell are you saying ? ! The report on the abandoned vehicle , the tip about the weapons smuggling , it was all your doing , wasn 't it ?
What ?|What ?
Did you sell the Bee Number One information to terrorists ?|Bee Number One is data that 's two years old .
I was drunk , she was tied down .|I forgot to zip up .
You fought well , I 'll give you that . But here 's the rub . You crossed me . You challenged me . And these people they need to know the rules . The rules don 't change none . The rules don 't change never . There is no crossing the Hat ! No ! No ?|She says no . What says you ?
So I lured the organization with bait , Bee Number One Mod .|They did a good job too , just like you . What did you say ? ! You wreaked havoc in Tokyo , you caused a commotion that might 've led to deaths , and it 's , " You both did a good job . " ? ! Are you in your right mind ? !
Due to the depletion of the ozone layer and the careless dumping of hazardous nuclear waste thousands of people find themselves trapped in an evil parallel universe every year and the numbers are rising .|This film is respectfully dedicated to those who have lost their lives facing down their own evil doppelgangers .
Let me out !|Sarah !
Let me out !|No . No .
I 'm sorry .|I 'm sorry .
Do you see ? A jurisdictional office can be destroyed . This should wake up the brass . That doesn 't explain Bee Number One ! Bee Number One is clearly a criminal program !|You just couldn 't stand that your talent and your work were going to be buried forever !
What 's your dirty little secret ?|We 're already dead .
Dr Graham ?|Sorry !
Knowledge is power .|That important piece of knowledge will make me a king among men .
Someone ! Someone , call an ambulance ! Hurry ! Chief !|I 'm all right . It 's just a graze .
I 'm all right . It 's just a graze .|We won 't meet again .
That important piece of knowledge will make me a king among men .|You can give yourself freely to me .
If I had people like you working under me , perhaps this wouldn 't have happened .|But friends are troublesome .
Please don 't move .|It 's not a serious wound .
This ...|This is a leap of faith . No !
No . No . No . No . No .|Ray .
Drop the gun . Now !|You don 't have to do this .
Yeah , we were good friends .|Yes , indeed . It was a bad time when we lost him .
Anata ni wa watashi ga iru Chigau yo hitori ja nai Onaji mirai ni nobashita te o tsunagou|Dou yattatte kizutsuku toki wa tsuku Shinjiru koto ga motto itaku suru Uragiranai koto to uragirareru koto tte Nanka chotto niteru nante kizuichattari suru yo ne Konkuriito no machi de ikiru ni wa Konkuriito no haato de nakya tsurai Dandan to katamerarete ugokenakunatte shimau Kanashii Anata ni wa watashi ga iru Chigau yo hitori ja nai Aoi sora sae mienai basho demo Call me , itsu datte Iiyo yonde ii yo Zutto soba ni ite ageru kara
Out of the corner of your eye .|But when you look ... they 're not there .
And you don 't charge a fee ?|I was born with this gift . I choose to share it . How noble .
I was born with this gift . I choose to share it . How noble .|What 's the catch ?
There isn 't one . Oh , that would be a first !|OK .
See ? 1990 . The year I was born .|The year he died . Old Abraham was the look of him . See a family resemblance ? Er ... maybe . Apart from the beard .
You must believe even when it seems impossible .|Thank you , Mina .
What are you doing ? Looking for a weapon . Anything that 'll help . I think we should just stay here .|There was never any hope . Hat !
Beautiful girl , huh ? I didn 't realise she was ... Blind ? Don 't let that fool you . Mina 's unique .|Very special .
I 've been seeing really weird stuff .|I was attacked ... by a ... a monkey thing .
I 've had my fun . And since we 're all dead anyway .|No ! Please . Don 't . hat ? Why are you afraid ? Why should you care if I put this imaginary bullet into her imaginary head ? I do whatever I want , whenever I want . Because there are no repercussions , ever . There 's no magic man up in the sky , judging good and bad . Wherever the hell we are , there is no god here . And in His absence , I nominate me .
You 're a warrior ?|You 're joking , right ? So was your old man and so was Abraham .
Joseph , I 'll be okay . I promise . I couldn 't lose the both of you . Both ? Do you remember our house ?|It 's beautiful .
Like vampires and werewolves ? We don 't care to name them . We just grade 'em and smite 'em .|You smite them ? Oh , yes , sir . With extreme prejudice . Swiftly and surely .
How do you know ?|It 's not what I know . It 's what I see .
A secret admirer .|Ali .
You 're saying I 'm related to some character from a book . Identity theft . Bram Stoker stole your name . Now if it was me , I 'd be mad as hell . I think I 'm going home .|I have stuff I could be doing . You think he invented Van Helsing ? I 'm guessing no ? Abraham Van Helsing was real .
I have stuff I could be doing . You think he invented Van Helsing ? I 'm guessing no ? Abraham Van Helsing was real .|Come on , drink up . I 'll show you .
Come on , drink up . I 'll show you .|Is everything all right , sir ? Do you want your bill ?
Go home ... and you will find your answer .|That 's it ? Is that the best you can do ?
Rivers , boy .|Rivers .
Devin !|Devin !
Rivers .|The Flaxman and the Hawk .
Cool .|Hi , Kanayo .
He 's all yours .|Like a moth to a flame . You just can 't stay away , can you ? Well , look at those two . I 'm sure they 're asking him ... what movie they should see tonight . Those dilettantes ! I 'm glad you can laugh about this . Ali , believe me , I am not laughing .
The library of Abraham Van Helsing .|The world 's number one authority on inhuman life forms .
Stop the bombs ! Stop the violence !|Stop the bombs ! Stop the violence !
Hey quiet down !|Is Sergio around ?
Kanayo !|Kanayo !
Whatever .|And also Graziella is pregnant .
Everything you see around you is yours .|Use it wisely .
Use it wisely .|Good luck , Luke .
And also Graziella is pregnant .|Are you kidding me ? Do your business , do whatever you want , but leave me out of it . You think I don 't know how these things end up ? Pinocchio ... you don 't understand shit . Listen , Gypsy , I don 't want to get into trouble because of your business . Fuck off ! If it wasn 't for me you 'd still be selling peanuts ! Aren 't we planning on robbing an armored cash van ? And now what the fuck is going on with these Neapolitans ? Riccardo , you talk to him because he is pissing me off ! Pinocchio is right .
 Hi , Delph : Hi , Twiki : It must be so nice , Captain Rogers , to fly all over the universe and see everything : Well , it 's got its points , Delph : Like being free , isn 't it ... things ahead of you you don 't know about ?|There 's a whole lot of truth to that :   No : ! No : ! No : ! Mother ! Get inside quick : Move !
There is no accident .|The freaks got him .
 No : ! Put me down ! Put me down !| Mother ! Buck !
Is that why you went away ?|You said you had your reasons .
Yeah , believe me it wasn 't easy . I know Jenny was hurt , but ...|Well , it would have made you a target too . Me ?
Fabio , hear me out .|You are nobody 's boss . Get that in your head .
Last night your school was broken into . Today a Type Three shows up at your apartment .|Now I don 't think that 's coincidence .
Now go get the black one .|Hey Sergio , there is someone looking for you .
Those three already have a criminal . record . We found them in our database . They insist that they picked the wrong appartment .|They were ordered to be here , that 's evident .
They were ordered to be here , that 's evident .|Maybe somebody wants to take you out for a case that will happen in the near future . What are your plans for the weekend , Jerry
Oh , God !|Listen to me !
All right ... Lads ?|Can you turn the lights on ?
Hello , you are the gentlemen from the FBI ?|The doors seem to have ears here ...
Weren 't you in jail ? No , I 've always been home . Bye . Fucking bastard , I just cleaned up .|Enzo ?
Luke !|Someone wants to have a word with you , Luke . So be nice .
Someone wants to have a word with you , Luke . So be nice .|Come quietly .
So ... let 's see what we need .|Soap ...
Fuck ! They cut the tires .|Hello , here is Phil Decker . We had an armed robbery in Brighton . Three cars . Set up blockades on all roads that go outside the area
Towels ...|Knife ...
I 'm getting way too old for this .|Hi . I 'm Rupert , Pleased to meet you . Are you OK ?
ExLax . Sit down . I 'll be right back .|Who sent you here , Minister Amaso ?
Who ? Do you also have the Winged Sword ?|Sword ... what ? Watch out , because my dad kicked Queen Himika 's ass twice already .
They have killed them right after they had been pulled into the car .|They kidnapped Sally instead of Jean Dyers . The question is , if they had killed Jean as well .
Here she is ! This bitch is gonna call the Lord of Fire , the biggest piece of crap out of everybody .|Don 't worry . We are safe as long as my father is here . Then when Jeeg Robot gets here , he will protect us . Do you know Jeeg Robot ?
So , Luke , you opened the Stacks . Were you impressed ? The point is ... they 're no to us . Luke and Ruby were attacked . And Ruby wants to know what is going on ? So would someone please be kind enough to explain ? Let 's see . Luke is the last Van Helsing . The Inhuman want to kill him , and you don 't tell anybody .|Clear so far ?
Excuse me . Another dumb question I suppose , but ... how ?|How will she ? Just leave it , Ruby . I mean , I 'm not being funny , but I wouldn 't have thought she was the obvious choice for finding stuff , that 's all . Luke is not the the only one with an illustrious family .
Van Helsing 's assistant , first curator of the Stacks . If it 's in there , Mina will find it . While you 're gone , I 'll do some digging .|We need to find a name . We have to know who we 're up against here .
Let 's go .|Sorry about my daughter . Usually she is always quiet and calm , but ... since her mother died she freaked out .
Where are you now ? What do you see ?|Fields . At the right there 's a power line .
Let 's go to the hospital !|Just take the bag , I 'll deal with them .
First you shit , then the hospital . Clear ? Now get your brother out .|Let 's go !
They know our every step . They knew where we were heading for . Edna would have been safe from them . Now they got both .|You 're in great danger .
Let 's go !|Move it !
Any time , day or night , if anything happens ... you call me .|Give him time to adjust , Ruby .
Enzo , come here . Take this , Prepare two glasses of water .|So ... When they pass you the sacks , you take them , and you clean ' em with the toothbrush .
Heard about that . Your minimum wage starts somewhere around ...|1000 Dollar .
Who the fuck is this ?|What the fuck are you doing ?
What the fuck are you doing ?|Hello ?
Hello ?|Sergio ?
Okay !|...
Do you think I should call Ruby ? Won 't she be tucked up in her little bed by now ?|You don 't like her much , do you ? I don 't know her .
You don 't like her much , do you ? I don 't know her .|Anyway , that 's irrelevant , She 's your girlfriend .
Anyway , that 's irrelevant , She 's your girlfriend .|No , she 's not .
No , she 's not .|Ohhh , she thinks she is . She wants to be .
Oh , my father ? Where is he ?|What are you , deaf ? Where is my father ? I don 't know .
You didn 't keep your mouth shut , Warner .|Cotton was here , and you talked . What the fuck are you talking about ? What do you think I told him ? Wait , I can clear it all up , let me call . I didn 't say anything !
I 'm not good with stuff like this . I 'd probably 'bump 'my foot off .|You 'll be just fine .
Wowh ! That 's impressive ! Finest craftmanship .|I never knew how much money you can make , selling soup .
Oh !|You must hve pretty sensitive feet ! Even the shoes are handmade .
Then it was all over .|Did Rupert ... talk about it ?
Come here ! You hold this bitch .|Let me go ! Aaah !
Where is daddy ?|Where is your dad ? !
You got that ? Baltic Stairs .|Let me speak to her . I want to know she 's all right . She won 't be . Unless you come on your own .
Let me speak to her . I want to know she 's all right . She won 't be . Unless you come on your own .|I want to talk to her ! And that means without ... Galvin .
Why me then ?|I know why . You can 't take it back , eh ? Because maybe a lot of people will die this time . Oh , I hope so . I hate people .
The important question is ... What ?|Why did Jean Dyers have to die ?
The thin taste of anguish and despair .|In short , girly ... you have entered my world .
In short , girly ... you have entered my world .|Gladiolus Thrip ... at your service .
Don 't resist sweetie , all I 'm after is a little fun !|Idiot , leave her alone !
It 's about to start .|Sir Hello ? Yes . Ya , I see . Yes .
Goodbye then .|Bye , Hiro !
Mr. High , I 'm stunned The man , we were lookng for . The killer Harry Long .|At least he took the million , Cormick paid for Edna . It must be him ! He 's the one who killed Jean !
Subtle distinction , but I 'm a bit of a stickler .|Where is she ?
All right then . Can we count on that ?|Yes .
Mr. Dyers , you 're the onlyone who takes profit out of the issue .|Only you .
We 're only going to cuff you .|Cuff him , Mr Redlip .
Cuff him , Mr Redlip .|Like taking sweetbreads from a baby .
You son of a bitch !|What are you doing ? Stop it ! No !
So have we come to negotiate ? Is that the style of the thing ? Oh , I don 't negotiate with freaks . I just grade ' em and I smite ' em . And very well you do it , if I might say . Mind you ... that said , we all have a trick or two up our sleeves .|Ohhh . Scary .
There they are !|Damnit , Cotton is behind us !
Now take your bag ' cause I 'm bringing you back . Let 's go .|You bought the entire collection !
Shoot him !|Susie !
Where 's Ruby ? Thrip said she was down there under the grate . Come on ! Come on .|Come on .
Hiroshi is too hasty , he is wasting his energy . Yes , Hiroshi . You must be more focused .|Hiroshi ! Watch out !
You must believe , Luke . Even when it seems impossible .|Bring it on , laddie . If you think you 've got the oomph , that it .
Nobody there . Maybe on the other side .|Asshole !
Oh dear .|Smiters aren 't what they were .
...|That must be Phil .
Jeeg Robot !|Super neutrons !
No !|Relax , I didn 't do anything ...
She yelled all the way home because I shot her , And make me buy a pizza for the breakfast . You know what i 'm saying ? Very good .|Here , I ... .
No !|What 's up ? No ...
Be nice .|Very good .
I didn 't do anything to you , Ale ' ... Please !|Hey ...
Manny , my mysterious man , where have you been ? Me , Manny ? I 'm just a desperate woman . Yes . I know you have many problems , but I have to have some towels or linens ... or I 'm gonna be lying on the street , talking about the inn I used to work at . You don 't want that , do you ?|Anything you can do to get me through the night .
Check under the bed , don 't forget , they bite !|777 . You dream very well note .
I didn 't mean to piss you off ...|It hurts !
All right . Go back to work .|I 'll be right here if you need me .
Do you hear me ?|Transcript : chocolate Sync : innuit
No , thank you .|I appreciate the offer , though .
I like the way you talk , and I like the way you look .|You 're far too quiet to be trusted .
You 're going to get in trouble with your master .|Here ! Moonshee , please !
This is the only one I know ...|My father used to bring me here , when I was a little girl .
Hold on ! I 'll get you !|Louis !
My father used to bring me here , when I was a little girl .|With my mother , too . When they were still in love .
Where do you think you 're going ?|Sorry , Inspector . This way , sir .
Hiro , where 's my father ?|Where is he ?
Louis , are you all right ?|So , she 's coming . The King 's new schoolteacher .
What I want to know is where did they get these machine guns ? If there 's an answer to that question ... I 'll find it .|Yes ? Oh , it 's you . Hello . I heard on the radio this morning . Don 't you heroes ever get tired ?
It 's over , Fabio .|Now we 're gonna do this my way .
You very spooky . She 'll write home to the British begging them to have the King removed and someone more civilized be made ruler in his place . Such as ?|Missed spot . Such as ?
Nice way to thank me .|We 're gonna fix this mess you made , then it 'll be business as usual again . If you 're good with this , stay . Otherwise leave .
We 're gonna fix this mess you made , then it 'll be business as usual again . If you 're good with this , stay . Otherwise leave .|Unleash the Rottweilers , Tazzi .
And not a moment to lose . Terror is toxic .|This storm has created doubts . A perfect setting for my powers of illusion
" Whenever I feel afraid " I hold my head erect|" And whistle a happy tune
" And whistle a happy tune|" So no one will suspect
Come on ! Come here !|Beautiful , isn 't it ?
Beautiful , isn 't it ?|So what ?
Nothing , I just wanted to show it to you . Do you like it ?|Do you like it ?
" I strike a careless pose|" And whistle a happy tune " And no one ever knows afraid
Easy ...|It hurts like that .
" And every single time|" The happiness in the tune " Convinces me that I 'm not afraid
Hold it !|You 've just earned yourself a court martial , Major .
A lot .|So that 's why you treat me like shit .
The bastard called the police ! Come on !|Halt !
So that 's why you treat me like shit .|I know , you 're right , but I ...
What a shame . There 's a rather interesting woman we might visit today . I 'm sure you 'd like to come along . But we 'll talk about it later . I need to have a little chat with a lawyer . Be right back .|What do you want ?
What do you want ?|Go ahead , Inspector .
Same old story : they 'd rather die than talk .|But these are only the foot soldiers . What about the big guys , who are they , where are they hiding . How do we find them ?
He has the power that can be used for or against you .|I 'd be less outspoken than your normal self .
Fabio ... don 't screw me over . Hey , you know me . In 2 weeks , you 'll have your money plus interest .|Wanna fuck ?
Perfectly , thank you .|Have you friends in Bangkok ? I know no one at all .
Go to hell , you cop !|Altieri , don 't be an idiot . This will solve nothing !
Did you see the money ? Nunzia , did you see the money ? !|What the fuck do you want from me ? !
You took a tooth from me , too ? Your time will come , monkey . I know torture .|Poor lad .
Please forgive me for not paying you on time . What are friends for .|Give me a hug ...
Oh , goodness . in Siam , books are forbidden to servants . infinite pardons , Your Majesty . She can arrange flowers .|Stop it !
Let me see ... I was distracted .|Welcome gentlemen .
Welcome gentlemen .|Come in , please .
Me and my mother moved here in ' 83 . I grew up together with this neighborhood , basically .|Back in the day , almost no one lived here .
We 're already paying him a lot of money .|Fucking bastard .
But it ended badly .|Like all the things you care the most about .
How many years Shall you be married ? Several , Your Majesty . How many grandchildren Shall you have ? How many , how many ?|Perhaps bad manners to ask many questions of such old lady .
No , man ...|Be careful man . Make sure you don 't get robbed by some guys . Don 't worry , they 'll be in for a surprise .
Be careful man . Make sure you don 't get robbed by some guys . Don 't worry , they 'll be in for a surprise .|Take this to the Asesino . Take care .
I agreed to teach in the palace , but there 's the matter of my house . You promised a place where I may go in the evening when my duties are over . What you wish to do in evening that cannot be done in palace ? I won 't have soldiers at my door etcetera , etcetera . What is this " etcetera " ? Well , Your Majesty , it means " all the rest . " Good . Have children prepare for presentation etcetera . I want my house . The house I was promised , Your Majesty . You teach in palace , you live in palace .|I did try to warn you .
Here .|You 're not charging me with anything ?
Like all the things you care the most about .|You know ... we were already snorting coke at 13 .
Fucking bitch .|Where do you think you 're going , bitch ?
She worked at Kursaal , by the beach .|She died in a car accident in San Basilio .
Where do you think you 're going , bitch ?|Rot in hell .
She died in a car accident in San Basilio .|Then there was Palletta . He was nuts , even more than you .
He was shot by the police while robbing a tobacco shop .|He was turning 18 that day , he wanted the money to take his girlfriend out to celebrate .
The stripper , on the street .|Where ? In the street ? Yes , in front of the " Conejo Loco . "
He was turning 18 that day , he wanted the money to take his girlfriend out to celebrate .|Then Michelino , 20 years old .
I was told fascists burnt him alive , but I never believed that .|When your father was killed I thought my time had come too .
Take it easy .|Listen Bishop . You 're here for you own protection ...
When your father was killed I thought my time had come too .|That was my destiny .
And when I fell down , nothing .|Darkness .
But instead it wasn 't .|I don 't know what happened to me .
Or am I ?|Are you embarrassed ? Who , me ?
Are you embarrassed ? Who , me ?|Come here .
They just called . The deposit will be made soon .|Bishop escaped .
Bishop escaped .|Jefe , find the General . I have a job for him ...
Look ...|Kill those fucking bastards .
You are absolutely fucking crazy .|I 'm gonna ask you for the last time : where did you get these powers ?
I 'm gonna ask you for the last time : where did you get these powers ?|For the last time , I don 't know . Dammit ! Dammit , Enzo ! Dammit !
Darn it all .|These things still work . Sorry .
I said dive in !|What the fuck do you want , I already have powers . Hey , I 'm not gonna dive in that shit . Go get those barrels . The deal was different , tell me where the girl is .
Be my guest .|Don 't touch me .
Are you all right ? Escape , just escape . Go on .|Watch this !
Long time ...|How are you , Raul ?
Where 's your friends ?|They 're on there way. I spoke with them , they just left the airport .
Save them all .|Because you can become Jeeg .
That 's great ! Can you show me the cannons now ? I 'm kind of tied up at the moment but why not ?|Rama . Sit .
Where is schoolteacher ?|Your Majesty ? I 'm not staying . Silence ! You will stand here and meet royal children .
Very well , Your Majesty . But then I 'm leaving .|The royal prince and princesses .
You don 't know how much fucking money you blow in this place .|I 'm going to the bathroom . Hey ...
This footage is from the massacre that took place in Naples . It surfaced this morning on YouTube . Authorities are investigating the source of this terrible video . It shows a lone attacker killing Nunzia Lo Cosimo , 40 years old , one of the most influential members of the Neapolitan Mafia . Action .|Now you will all listen to me . Because everybody must know , also the cobblestones .
Now you will all listen to me . Because everybody must know , also the cobblestones .|I 've been ignored all these years , locked up in that shitty doghouse full of fleas and ticks . But now I 'm sick of it . Now the music 's gonna change .
And how 's our Little crop coming along ?|I must say , though , your son is a bit of a disappointment .
What are you looking at bitch ?|Your pretty fucking face .
Homeward bound , at last . Fair winds all the way , Sir Edward . Excuse me , gentlemen . Tea ? Why , thank you . Sir Edward ?|Sir Edward , there 's a letter for you from Siam . Really ?
Maximum attention please . The suspect is violent and extremely dangerous . I repeat , violent and extremely dangerous . Let 's go guys . Come with me .|Hey !
Follow that letter !|What 's this ? My dear Anna Leonowens in danger ?
How lovely .|You must have something in return . No , Mrs. Anna . You will be punished for giving books to servant .
You must have something in return . No , Mrs. Anna . You will be punished for giving books to servant .|Nonsense . I 'm a teacher .
Hey ! Did somebody trip you ? Look , from behind it 's a foul .|Freeze !
Oh , dear . And I 'm supposed to be teaching this very minute .|" Be it ever so humble " There 's no place like home " Be it ever so humble " There 's no place like home "
I have a surprise .|A new modern British map .
Unfortunately , today , this " someone " is gone .|From the Roman suburb Tor Bella Monaca , that 's all for now . Back to the studio . Now to sports ...
Siam is not so small .|But look .
We 've spent so many years in this chawI , haven 't we ?|Before I marry , I must buy a flat in a decent locality
Indians , right ? Apache . You know this story ? Daddy says I 'm not allowed to hear it all till I 'm older . Well , you look old enough to me .|It was 1881 . Your daddy was about 4 or 5 . There hadn 't been an Indian raid for a long while , so I thought we were safe . I 'd gone up to Wichita on some cattle business , and when I 'd got back , Sullivan had buried your grandmother and your Uncle Everett . However ...  he did save your daddy and Uncle Phineas .
No .|Really ?
You 're the one who handles everything anyway , my son|So why don 't you take up a job ? I 'm told Jayant has found a job too How are we going to manage with two or four thousand , mom ?
Where is he now ?|I left him standing at the riverbank .
I left him standing at the riverbank .|Far as I know , he 's looking for me yet .
And even hope for growth ?|I 'm thinking of trying out the stock market
Hey , Ramon , y 'all probably ought to get goin ' . What 's wrong ? Do I gotta spell it out ?|I 've known Sully a long time , Charles . If I could take that bullet for him , I would 've done it . Bullshit . Browns stick with brown . The sediciosos held me at gunpoint . I led them in circles until we ran into the Colonel . Of course that 's what you say now . Hey , this is the whiskey talkin ' . Let 's all stay calm . It 's okay . His house .
" Getting to like you " Getting to hope you like me|" Getting to know you " Putting it my way " but nicely
" Getting to know you " Putting it my way " but nicely|" You are precisely " my cup of tea " Getting to know you " Getting to feel free and easy
I want you to apologize .|Now .
Vidya .. Vidya|What are you doing ?
Come .. sit down|Sir , this is Vidya . My wife
Sir , this is Vidya . My wife|She was appearing for an interview for a journalist 's job
She was appearing for an interview for a journalist 's job|Since I don 't have a permanent job , she has to seek employment , sir
What 're you doing ?|Goddamn savages .
" Getting to know you " Getting to know all about you|" Getting to like you " Getting to hope you like me
" Haven 't you noticed ?|" Suddenly I 'm bright and breezy
What kind of accent is that ? German . What are you doin ' here ? I left home with my parents during the war . Which war ? The March Revolution .  A man sold us some land here . We came with 20 other families . Nobody told you about the Indians ?  We were told they were only stories .|Where 'd you learn how to do that ? You 're good at it .
They were going to take me back to civilization .| I was almost free .
" Haven 't you noticed ? " Suddenly I 'm bright and breezy|" Because of all the and new " Things I 'm learning about you " Day by day "
Always so modern , totally innovative in science and education . Schoolteacher is doing good job . Because of example set by Your Majesty .|So experimental and daring . Yes , I am daring . I mean Your Majesty 's idea of breaking ancient tradition sending the royal children outside the palace . What ? What ? What ?
Sally 's up there with him .|That must be lonely for you . It 's okay .
This is why I don 't employ novices|I haven 't undertaken to start a coaching class
Your Majesty didn 't know ? imagine that .|When can we go back ?
It was a mistake , sir . I won 't do it the next time What next time ? There 's not going to be a next time You can leave now . I don 't need you please , sir ! How will I learn unless I make mistakes , sir ? You have employed me in your firm . I 'II always be grateful to you , sir please forgive me this once .. it 'II never happen again , sir I 'II think a hundred times before doing anything in the future , sir please sir . You needn 't come back if something like this happens again|You may go now
Well , I know you think you can .|It 's strange , sitting here and drinking coffee with you . Familiar . Yeah . That 's a better word for it . So I guess you don 't think much of the old days , huh ?
It 's strange , sitting here and drinking coffee with you . Familiar . Yeah . That 's a better word for it . So I guess you don 't think much of the old days , huh ?|Nope . Me neither .
Don 't worry . I 'll make things good . Don 't bother . I 'm leaving .|I thought you were magnificent , Your Majesty . Every inch a king . I tell you when is time to think . World today is so large . No man big enough to be alone . " No man big enough " ? Not even a king ?
Yeah .  Come on .|I think I know why those bandits came after us . Oh ? The man in the shed . Hmm .
The world 's a dangerous place , honey .|Your daddy and I tried to protect you from that , but now that you 've seen it , you 've got a choice . You can either curl up in a little ball or make yourself stronger .
As I said , one needs to be skillful to make money nowadays , isn 't it ?|But your daughter thinks that 's a wrong thing to do
" Shall I tell you what I think of you ?|" You 're spoiled
By the time I came to realise that , all mills were shut down|Man , after all , lives for himself and for his family
No , no , no .|Please .
Help ! Is anyone there ? What 's wrong ? Man : Can anyone help , please ? Can you not hear him out there ?|Are you upset because he 's white ?
Isn 't Subodh a very nice boy ?|I know . You 're the only one he 's going to marry
They killed everyone .|They picked up my baby brother by the neck and bashed his head against a rock .
" Yes , Your Majesty " No , Your Majesty " tell us how low to go , Your Majesty " Make some more decrees , Your Majesty " Don 't let us up off our knees " Your Majesty " Give us a kick if you please , Your Majesty " Give us a kick if you would , Your Majesty|" Oh , that was good
Now my powers will work . Man the gong .|When you 're the king and I 'm the Kralaholo ... . First , I 'm going to change the name . I 'm going to have a servant to hit the gong for me . Someone really tall and really stupid .
In the very first month .. ? Let 's have a celebration ! I 'II take you to this place you 've never been before Where ?|Listen , Iet 's get rid of the Primary shares this 15th
And yet , can you believe your daddy frets I 'm putting wrong thoughts in your head ? The hell with my dad .|That 's some phraseology .
Besides , the buoyancy of the market .. .. depends on the mood of the outsiders .. on how people perceive the market|It 's okay , I 'II get it
" Very often find confusion " in conclusion I concluded long ago|" in my head are many facts " That , as a student I have studied to procure
I have a question , sir As far as fundamentals are concerned .. Spencer polymer 's fundamentals are quite strong But your mutual Fund Company has been selling their shares continuously Why is that the case , sir ? please restrict your questions to the speaker 's address|Not to their company 's business strategies
" When my father was a king " He was a king who knew exactly what he knew|" And his brain was not a thing " Forever swinging to and fro and fro and to
" Or is better to be right ? " Or am I right when I believe " I may be wrong ?|" Sometimes I think that people going mad
In any case , I have late working hours in office|Aunt , nice sherbet . Nice glass , too
And he has deposited 25,000 rupees in my name at the bank|I keep telling him to get married now .. but he just won 't listen to me
Do you know , we have bought a new house ?|We haven 't told anyone in the chawI yet What if they cast an evil eye ?
" lf my Lord in Heaven Buddha show the way|" Every day I try to live another day
Pete : Charles ?|I was worried about you .
I 'm all right .|Have you been drinking ?
Have you been drinking ?|Hey , wait up .
Jeannie : Yes . I heard people and rode straight into here .|This is it .
Let me see .|I 've spent my whole life building something to leave to my family , Jeanne Anne , and oil is the only way I can keep it . Now a goddamn miracle has happened . We found a spot with so much oil , it can 't even stay underground .
Prayer so peaceful .|I hate pets .
I hate pets .|Moonshee , you stop !
Yes , a champion who won 't even fight for the one he loves .|You 're hurt ?
You 're hurt ?|You are Crowned Prince . I was afraid to tell you . You me is forbidden . Won 't you look at me ?
You are Crowned Prince . I was afraid to tell you . You me is forbidden . Won 't you look at me ?|I thought you 'd hate me if I told you . Would have been better .
Richard . He 's your leader , right ?|It 's just a camera . They can see but they can 't hear .
I killed all those people for you , and now you 're just walking away ? You didn 't kill them for me , Sayid . You 're the one that asked for their names .|There 's no one else in Widmore 's organization we need to go after .
" in the glow of evening|" I have dreamed
Thank you .|It 's nice to finally hear your voice .
Are they waging a battle against Bhejani ?|Why do you bother about names ?
Look , we 'II make a great team . So let 's get together|I can 't stand by you , Hari . Because you 're working for people .. who 're stuffing their own pockets and ruining the market
I think your bacon 's ready .|I forgot .
" Alone and awake " I 've looked at the stars " The same that smile on you|" And time and again " I 've thought all the things " That you were thinking too
On that day , an unseen gesture sparked off hectic selling .. and the market crashed in just 15 minutes|And so did the hopes of the investors
" that your arms are lovely|" I have dreamed " what a joy you 'll be
Look , Subodh .. didn 't I tell you there was a battle in the offing ?|The mother of all wars ! Thakur 's men are selling away their holdings But what for ?
What if Sayid tells them who he is ? Sayid ain 't saying nothing .|Hey ... I got this under control .
" every word you whisper|" When you 're close
Let 's see how you feel after three years of living in the 70s .|Lucky for you , I spent that time getting myself in a position to save your ass .
Sir , I 've brought the title deed of our house and some jewellery|This is all we have , sir
Keep this , he 'II pay the rest of the money later Don 't give me all that , I dare not touch it You can repay me slowly .. with interest|But you should know .. he 's always in such a hurry
He never thinks|I admit , he 's young and full of beans
You know , together , like you guys were ?|I thought it was kind of obvious . Who couldn 't see that coming ? Hurley .
I promise .|Perfect . What is it ?
Yeah , well ... We 'll see how cute you are once Oldham gets done with you , pal .|What the hell are you doing here ? I was bringing you a sandwich .
It 's been so long , isn 't it ? Sit down , please|You have quite a posh office here
" We are like one blind .|" Do not let us fall down in darkness .
I 've heard her father hasn 't been keeping well of late|I thought I 'd reach a decent level .. then get Vidya out of that chawI and start a better life with her
How on earth do I go to her ?|What 's up , son ? Where have you been ?
I 'm not what you think I am .|I don 't like killing .
Bow . Bow , bow .|" Oh , Buddha ...
We ought to get our money . What if there 's a problem later ?|Hari , I can 't explain my plan to you . Because it 's all there in front of you It 's no secret ! You 're the one I 'm dealing through
All right , last chance . Got anything to say ?|Take him to Oldham .
" Buddha ...|" ... help Mrs. Anna to keep awake ... " .. for scientific preparation of banquet .. " ... even though she be only a woman ... " ... and a Christian , and therefore unworthy of your interest . " Your Majesty . A promise is a promise . Your head Shall never be higher than mine . A promise .
" ... help Mrs. Anna to keep awake ... " .. for scientific preparation of banquet .. " ... even though she be only a woman ... " ... and a Christian , and therefore unworthy of your interest . " Your Majesty . A promise is a promise . Your head Shall never be higher than mine . A promise .|" And Buddha ...
I 'm willing to work for your firm|But when have I asked you to work with me ? I agreed even before you asked me . That 's just about it You need me
Don 't worry . They 're for your protection . There are side effects to what I 'm giving you .|Open his mouth .
You still there ?|I hope I never see another mango in life .
I hope I never see another mango in life .|You mess with Master Little ?
You mess with Master Little ?|That shut you up ?
He has never said anything to me openly|Perhaps there was nothing serious between the two of us at all .. ?
Are you a professional ? A professional what ?|You think I 'm a prostitute ?
I 'm not a professional anything . I just thought you looked sad .|I like sad men .
I like sad men .|I 'm sorry to hear that .
The Prince ?|Whistling .
Kartik , have those letters been typed .. ? Vidya ?|Come on in ! Why 're you sitting outside ?
Come on in ! Why 're you sitting outside ?|Mr Torakhia from the Excise Department is coming to meet you please ask him to wait
For a living ?|I 'm between jobs at the moment .
I 'm between jobs at the moment .|So what did you do ?
Then why did you quit ?|I 'm trying to change .
To achieve so much in such a short span of time is no easy task actually , I badly wanted to come and see you .. but I was so caught up , I just couldn 't get away|I 'm waiting for the monsoons
How 's your Papa ?|He 's no more
You 're going to be killed .|How exactly would you know this , Sayid ? Because I am from the future .
I 've bought a flat with the money I got from Papa 's provident fund|There you are . Your rains have arrived
" When the last Little star has left the sky|" Shall we still be together " With our arms around each other ? " And Shall you be my new romance ?
Why do you stop ? Your Majesty , I didn 't realize I was ... . After all , in my country a girl would not dance alone while others were looking on . But you will dance with strange man holding hands , etcetera , etcetera .|Not always a strange man . Sometimes , a very good friend .
How exactly would you know this , Sayid ? Because I am from the future .|Maybe I should have used half a dropper .
Quite rare , so I believe . Yes. its value is symbolized in a pendant .. ... worn at all times by the King . Now future king wear . Show . Father . Show !|One hopes His Young Highness has not been too generous . You gave away ? Father , may we discuss this privately ?
One hopes His Young Highness has not been too generous . You gave away ? Father , may we discuss this privately ?|Who , who , who ? Your Majesty , surely this is not the time . No , no . Please , no !
Horace , please . I can 't ...|I can 't sleep with one eye open .
How are we going to feel safe with this man around ?|I don 't know what he 's up to , but we can 't keep him here .
You have already proved yourself|Besides , Maya 's on your side too tell me .. what did you say to your Papa ?
I told him that we are in love and wish to get married|Hey ! Why 're you looking so shocked ?
Bring them back . See what you 've done ?|Go back . Go back .
2.6 is 2.8 . 0.5 is 7 . 1 .|4.2 . So we have 3 going up and 4 going down . Let me take that , Aakash
This morning you were begging me to let you go . Why ... Because when I woke up in the jungle and I realized I was back on this island , I felt there was no purpose to it .|But now I know exactly why I 'm here . To get shot ? Then what ?
What a big house !|How I wish your father were alive to see all this
That 's what you said about kickboxing , and I bloodied your nose . into jungle !|Go to the ancient place of the elephants .
Sit down|There 's ShaiIa .. she can live here too
My son , you 're always thinking about others|It 's time you thought about yourself .. how about your marriage ?
I mean , is it all finished ?|No . But what we earned in the Iast two years , is all washed up
It 'II be terribly difficult for you to sell your stocks . Get the hint I came to warn you|I must leave now , before someone sees us together
You were right about me . What ?|I am a killer .
What will you have ? Tea , coffee .. ? well ? What 's up , Subodh ?|Sorry , sir . actually , you have always been my inspiration
We need money to save the market from such elements|The more they sell , the more we should be able to buy
I see the balloon . The King has the Prince with him . But no Tuptim . What about Louis ?|Do you see him ? No .
No . This I must do .|Quick , Little brain , what would Kralahome do ?
Fire .|There 's Louis . He 's safe . Thank Heaven .
I 'll only lose track of it on the Zephyr .|Strange to think I 'm gonna be sleeping on a plane again .
There they are , Edward . And look . There 's Louis . Good fellow , this king of yours . Well done .|Anna , where are you going ?
If need be , our own Indian banks could do that too|Listen ..
I 'm telling you from experience rules are framed so that the old lot get to occupy their seats|There should be no danger to their position
There should be no danger to their position|But if newcomers like us wish to achieve something .. we 'II have to break some rules
Papa .|I will say when is time to cry .
I refuse to have a messy lab .|We all know the Golden Rule . A tidy lab is a happy lab .
Suppose you are king . What would you do ? I would make proclamations . Yes , yes ? First : Regarding who Shall have books . I believe learning is good thing for everyone . Possibly , even scientific .|Second : No more bowing like toad . I don 't believe this is good thing causing embarrassing fatigue etcetera , etcetera , etcetera . Up , up , up . Two lines , like soldiers .
Subodh .. it 's so simple !|By the way , which girl are you talking about ?
An apartment .|More room for Bridget .
You want time from me ? But your time was never meant for me , Subodh|Subodh ! What a pleasant surprise !
No , just the boys bow . Are you listening to me ?|Haven 't they heard of elephant litter ?
But I didn 't get you anything .|Right . Now , um , if you take that off , we will know and we will send a rescue team , so just don 't do that .
Traitor .|You wanted to see me , Your Majesty ? Proclamation my son made I believe to be your fault . I hope so , Your Majesty . I do hope so . You have been most difficult woman .
We 've got every USGS satellite and geological monitoring station on it . So , if she uses her powers , we 'll know .|Does she get to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. pet , too ?
Outside palace . You like ? I 'm speechless . For once .|At banquet , we did not dance . No , Your Majesty . Was looking forward . As was I. You would accept dancing invitation from King ? No . Your Majesty .
Does she get to be a S.H.I.E.L.D. pet , too ?|Bagged and tagged like a stray dog . Oh . That 's only metadata .
Bagged and tagged like a stray dog . Oh . That 's only metadata .|I mean , unless something happens , it 'll just ... gather dust on a server . I actually think it 's pretty cool . Yes , I know , Mack . You love rules . You were probably a choir boy , too .
I mean , unless something happens , it 'll just ... gather dust on a server . I actually think it 's pretty cool . Yes , I know , Mack . You love rules . You were probably a choir boy , too .|They needed somebody to sing the bass .
" On a bright cloud of music " Shall we fly ?|" Shall we dance ?
I 'II leave now|How 're you doing ? You 've raised the money ?
If Subodh says that , he must be right But it has to do with 5000 rupees . It sort of scares me|When Subodh 's around , what 's there to worry about ?
None of our moves are working|The way he 's going about buying .. where did he get so much of funds from ?
It was improvisation .|It was sloppy .
She ... Come here !|It set about just now
You have used money from the banks to buy the shares . Right ? But this money , you will have to repay at some time or the other Or won 't you .. ? You will sell the shares then , correct ? This is exactly why I 'm lobbying hard with the Finance Ministry To let foreign investors enter our market As soon as I have their money , I 'II repay the bank loans|Subodh , what the government might do and what it might not do .. I know better than you
Subodh , what the government might do and what it might not do .. I know better than you|You are meeting him tomorrow
So are you gonna tell them ?|Have me locked up ?
Our share market gives a fair chance to everyone|We must let ideas flow from every direction
Let 's go Just when should I touch her ? After the call for silence ... count to 3 or 4 After you 've given the signal ? That 's right , after " Action ! "|OK , let 's go
Get comfortable . Should only be 20 minutes till touchdown .|Minutes ? I thought it would at least be a couple of hours to Los Angeles . L.A. ? This one 's going to Baltimore . You on the wrong jet ?
It 's 4 o 'clock Why ? I don 't know who he is He goes past every day at 4 and coughs|Were you in Hiroshima ?
I 'm silly|My family was in Hiroshima
Looks like you don 't know us well as yet Mr. Singh , haven 't you told him about us ?|One gesture from me , and every trace of yours will be wiped out
Oh , I took care of it . , we are live in five , four , three ... Oh , wait . Oh , shoot , I already pushed the button . Never mind , we 're live . Uh , hello and welcome to a special live edition of Dr. Sheldon Cooper ... and Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler present ... Dr. Sheldon Cooper 's Fun With Flags .|Consider tonight 's episode a Valentine 's Day gift for you , our viewers .
It 's also my gift to you . That was clear , right ? 'Cause you 're not getting anything else .|Since we 're live , you 'll finally be able to reach out to us with your flag thoughts and flag questions . Allow us to answer a few quick ones that we get all the time . Uh , uh , yes , I really am a doctor . Uh , yes , she really is my girlfriend . No , I just blink a lot , it 's not Morse code for " rescue me . "
Lucky for me , too|Why are you in Hiroshima ? For a film
And perhaps it 's time for you think about the market too .. and not just about yourself|Because the new conditions and new investors are here to stay
Because the new conditions and new investors are here to stay|They cannot be wished away
And before you were in Hiroshima , where were you ? I was in Paris|And before Paris ?
Rubbish ! To recover our losses , we 'II have to bring down the market|Which can 't happen so long as he 's around Look , I can 't let the market ..
What .. ?|AII right
Nevers ?|In the Nitre You don 't know it
He 's eating . That 's a good sign . You 're gonna have to wait one hour until you can go swimming again .|He 's pretty cute . He is . Should we ... name him ? It is Valentine 's Day . How about Valentino ?
He 's pretty cute . He is . Should we ... name him ? It is Valentine 's Day . How about Valentino ?|Nice . A classic rabbit name .
And I have a reason|Looking carefully is instructive
Your hard work has paid off , Subodh . But it 's no good now|Our plans have changed tell our team that we 're not selling our holdings
Nice . A classic rabbit name .|Peter Rabbit , Roger Rabbit . Valentino Wolowitz Rabbit .
Can you believe when I met you I was 22 ? I mean , it 's crazy ! Where did all that time go ? Mm , you watched The Bachelor a lot . Yeah , go ahead and make jokes , but your thirties are almost over . No , they 're not . You 're closer to 40 than you are 30 . Ha , ha ! You married an old man . Tell you what . Let 's do something fun tonight . Won 't make us any younger . Well , maybe not , but some day we actually will be old , and we 'll look back on this night and remember what a good time we had . Okay , like what ? I know . Food fight !|I 'll keep thinking .
I 'll keep thinking .|Look , I know you both feel bad about being alone , but sometimes the best thing you can do is take a little time for yourself , especially when you just got out of a relationship . Speaking of ending relationships , when British Honduras became Belize , they designed a new flag with a tree on it , and I would like to hang myself from that tree .
It 's a pretty French word , Nevers|A word like any other Like the town
A word like any other Like the town|Met many Japanese in Hiroshima ?
Destroy him|Nobody 's coming to help him anymore But .. what 's the plan ? could you connect me to the income tax commissioner please .
Rujuta , I 've seen the papers . Go ahead|AII right . please send my cheque as well as my coIIeagues'
I 'm the first Japanese man in your life ?|Hiroshima ...
Sit down|So ?
So ?|I 'm being accused of embezzlement
I stand corrected . Fun .|Congratulations on a successful live show . And a lovely Valentine 's Day .
They 'II have only one question to ask : " Who is responsible for this embezzlement ? "|And that 's you But this is unfair ! If I 'm going to be punished .. so must the others ! Because I 've done something they have been doing for ages
And that 's you But this is unfair ! If I 'm going to be punished .. so must the others ! Because I 've done something they have been doing for ages|The one difference is , I used the money lying in the Indian banks One moment , Subodh
Cleaning up is not young and fun . It can be . Confetti fight !|Maybe you should take a break . I got this .
Patience . If you want to win your war on Inhumans you will need the right weapon .|Like one of these .
Like one of these .|What 's it do ?
When I heard about this film project , I wondered why you wanted ... to do a remake of " Hiroshima Mon Amour " Why did you want to do it at this moment in time ?|Actually ... I thought that to you , Hiroshima was above all the place you came from Yes , that did matter at first I do have connections with this town In a way , Hiroshima is me And yet this town has no particular meaning for me It 's a place where I lived ... It was just part of my everyday world When I thought about making a film here , I had a lot of trouble finding a way in ...
Not the whole market|So that the market has a reason to crash
Lots of things Dead bodies Everywhere here ... Everywhere the bomb fell there 's nothing left|The scene we filmed earlier on , in the cafe ... What was bothering you ? I don 't know I 'm tired of doing the same thing I wanted to things a bit differently It had worked up to then Yes , it works really well between the two of us You were just tired in that scene ? Not physically tired . Of doing ...
What ? Ramon , at the warehouse , I just want you to know ...|I didn 't kill him . I 'm not capable of ... I know .
I 've done just what they have always been doing|They did it to pull the markets down .. and I did it to make the prices soar
Make way , make way .|Your sister is stable now , however Mr. Lin , about her cancer treatment ... we 're incapable of further diagnosis .
I know it 's easier said than done . I 'm with you .. but there 's nothing I can do hello .|Thank you for your information .
Sir ... Don 't touch me ! Calm down , sir ...|What 's wrong with me ?
... the world 's problems it becomes too stifling ... If we think of the world 's problems , it becomes too stifling Don 't stay there|The sun 's not up yet We may die before we meet again
The sun 's not up yet We may die before we meet again|Probably
Where have you been in Hiroshima ?|The museum That 's all so far
A Iot of people have benefited from my strategies Banks , bureaucrats .. and some politicians , too If I am punished , a Iot more names will emerge .. and you will discover that I wasn 't alone into all this I 'm only being made a scapegoat Are you not responsible for this scam which has caused the nation such a heavy loss ? No , this is a conspiracy and very soon , you 'II get to know about it But what happens to the small investors who are now ruined ?|The stock market does not give any guarantees During the boom , people have made money obviously , in a crash , they will suffer losses I admit , there should have been no crash
Well , you know I 've been here for ages talking ... about this tragedy and the work , too When you 're in Hiroshima that 's only natural|And ... it just made me ... I didn 't feel very proud thinking about personal stuff The photos at the entrance reminded me of paintings by someone I knew Paintings from photos ... made after the disaster A single photo ... a real photo from news reports ... A single eye witness account ... is so much more moving ... that ...
How could I tell you that we have lost everything we had ? We have nothing now . I consider myself to be your culprit|I do not have the courage to face tomorrow More than tomorrow , how am I to tell you and our daughter .. that we have no means of livelihood anymore ? This is why I 'm doing this . please forgive me , if you can
Or details , too There 's a detail of a broken watch It 's terrible ... I think it 's terrible Or someone 's outline on the ground that remains Details like this are terrible|But the museum ...
Hurry up . It 's so slow ...|David .
And listen , even if he manages to survive these charges .. it 'II make no difference to the public|He 'II always remain a criminal in the eyes of the public
Speaking . You must not open the rear door of the truck . Is that clear ?|Copy that . Rei , get me the Director of Security . Okay . David , check their ID . Copy .
Don 't come down so heavily on him|He must always get the feeling that he 'II emerge unscathed
Ignore him . Stay there .|Almost there ... almost ...
Go up to your room last night ? Your last day in Hiroshima ?|I didn 't even think of that
It 's not your concern . Sit still .|Got it .
Don 't move . Don 't move .|Stay still .
I 'm hoping to find a way out|I will be back .
Don 't call names .|Into the truck . Let 's split !
Stay here .|Hey Cousin , what 's up ? A Sky One team is here ... hello ? Freeze .
I 'm sure you can understand It never happened again ? No , it 's over During the war ?|Just after
Daisy , something 's wrong in the carpark . Call the police now .|I don 't know how to shoot .
Maybe that 's why|But it 's a valid reason , isn 't it ? The idea of never seeing you again ... a few hours from now
Drive away .|Do you know what 's inside the truck ?
What was your madness like in Nevers ?|It 's like intelligence You can 't explain it
Prof. Lee ? Can you hear me , professor ? Prof. Lee !|This might help .
" You me and everyone . " " Cannot handle either dreams or scams . " " Live your life as you want . " " By laughing or crying . "|" Liar loses to a liar . "
" Liar loses to a liar . " Liar loses . Liar loses . " " Honest loves truth . "|" Scams . Scams . " " Scams . Scams . "
" Our desires increase slowly and steadily . " " We commit petty conspiracies . " " There is defeat in victory and victory in defeat , friend . " " It is straight and upside down too . No matter how it is , it is our world . "|" If it is not yours it is mine . " " I accept it is only your . "
Morning Mr. Tang .|It 's been a while .
" Sometimes right is wrong and sometimes wrong is right . "|" You can think as you want . "
" Whatever you think is right . "|" Iron is used to cut iron . " Iron is used . Iron is used . Iron is used to cut iron . Iron is used . Iron is used . " Poison is the antidote of poison . " " Poison is the antidote . " " Scams . Scams . "
The chief Security Officer is here .|Send him in .
Once we controlled the medications the life and fortune of these moneybags , will be in my hands . All you talk about is money . Who doesn 't love money ? What 's in you mind ? I 'm thinking what you used to be .|You think too much .
Thank you !|Who wants more ? Here . Take your braces out .
You think too much .|Yes ... Found it .
We loved each other in barns , then in the ruins , then in bedrooms , like anywhere|Then he died
No , nothing|You 'd have been cold in that cellar in Nevers if we 'd loved each other I 'd have been cold
We had to give Toby away . You never walked him .|He was a dog .
He was a dog .|So ? He 's a cockatoo .
Wanna try it with mine .|" If I don 't do it ... "
Okay . Everyone inside !|I 'll help you out .
Go ahead .|Come on .
What 's bothering you ? Got dumped ?|Ko Yu tried to kill herself .
I won 't let others to take control of my life .|I own Sky One . Tang dares to eat me alive .
I can 't believe it ! The damn thing 's overheating .|What do you mean , " overheating " ? TEMPERATURE
We were to meet by the Loire at noon|I was leaving with him When I reached the Loire ... when I reached the Loire ... he wasn 't quite dead
Why 'd they help us ? There are some people with good hearts . You mustn 't trade Ziwan as exchange .|Of course not .
Gustavo , do we have any cold water ? Go get grandma and the baby .|Gustavo ! Gimme the wrench .
Of course not .|He 's the one who demands to see you .
Hand over Ziwan too .|I just want to see him .
The bells of St. Etienne 's rang and rang|He grew cold beneath me
Gus ?|Gustavo ?
I 'm counting on you .|As long as you can cure her .
How cool is that ? Let 's follow them .|C 'mon , please ... Look out , I 'm slipping ! Help me . Okay , come on .
Let 's start again|Let 's start again ... from the top
We are not biologically related .|Please follow me for your checkup .
Ready ?|No ? No way
Come on , Claudia . What ?|Good afternoon . How are you ? Fine , fine . Well ... what have you got for a barbecue ? I 've got some special chorizo . And some fine veal chops . Prime cut .
It started !|At least we can go to a hotel now .
I was leaving with him When I reached the Loire he wasn 't quite dead|Someone had shot him I stayed by his body all day and all that night
Next day , they came for him picked him up ... They put him in a truck|This is pissing me off It 's no fun
This is pissing me off It 's no fun|I 'm sick of this ! We 've got to stop this
You 're done here . Go .|Where do you think you 're going ?
She can 't go on|I don 't know ... She wants to stop
I 'm in charge here .|We 'll see .
Tell her what ? What do you mean ?|You 're not telling her nothing about what happened ?
Everyone 's pissing me off Not you but ...|C 'mon , let 's stop No , cut , it 's bugging me
Got a painkiller ? Put some more ice on . It 's swollen .|Have you changed your hairstyle ? No , I couldn 't find my hair clip .
In the house . Go . Hurry .|Where is the truck ?
It 's awful I 've forgotten everything|It 's awful I 'm starting to forget you
In life , we have to learn to lose , too . Not everything goes the way we like . That 's the problem .|That guy 's too much for me . He 's ... Too much for you ...
We 're stuck here without any gas . Please ! Make an effort . We 've had enough problems already . You go slow , do you hear me ?|And now the bike won 't start .
Mati , look at me . Smells like shit .|There .
What bullshit ! Who cares ?|Stop it , Gustavo .
At ... the backyard .|You drive the truck back , and no other business here .
She wants to know ... ? I told her|Let 's try
Sweetie , do you know Poon Ziwan ?|Tell him to come back .
Fatty . Call the police . Okay .|Shall we wait for the police then ?
Attach it by the wheel . From the back . Hang on .|Hold on , hold on . I 'll tell you when . Lift it high up .
Dad .|I 'm back .
I don 't know It sucks , pain in the ass|It 's awful I 'm forgetting you
We 're filthy ... You still have blood on .|Don 't start . Don 't be an idiot . My family 's here .
It 's morning|C 'mon , I 'm sick of this
This is unbearable ! Any hour of the day and night ! Marta , get in !|Dammit !
Your father ... was a remarkable scientist . He was murdered .|That fire was an accident .
That fire was an accident .|That 's what you think ?
It was probably lost in the fire too .|Ziwan , don 't you see . I 'm also a victim of that accident .
We 'll shoot today 's scene right now , as it is|But we must talk about the cafe scene from the other day
But we must talk about the cafe scene from the other day|We couldn 't finish that scene
Look , Mom , how beautiful it is here . That 's Brazil . We could go to the beach there with the baby . Is that Brazil ?|Tie that dog up . He can 't go in the church .
I think we really need to do it again|I know Well , yeah
You can go say hello now .|You 're so pretty ! You arrived in the middle of it ! Hurray for the bride and groom !
You 're so pretty ! You arrived in the middle of it ! Hurray for the bride and groom !|Congratulations !
Ready for the picture ?|That 's it !
You 're his only son ...|You will be the sole heir .
You will be the sole heir .|If you want me to trust you , cure his sister .
Would you promise me ? Would you ?|Would you ? Okay , my baby , that 's enough .
Ziman .|How could you let him go ? And you pointed a gun at your own people . Are you out of your mind ? Remember when your wife died , it was me who saved your dad . I made you the Chief Security Officer ... what did you say your lifetime goal was ?
Marco was a gift from my father .|He never had time for me , because he was too busy saving mankind .
That red dot you see there is the entrance to the neighboring farm . Really ?|I love you so much . Me too , as always . Have some " mate " while I tidy all this away . Okay . Whatever suits you best . I can do the cooking for you , too . No , my dear . Don 't you worry .
You brought them to ambush us .|Didn 't you ?
She 's already met him She 's met him , but I didn 't tell her he 'd be playing this part|Remember him ? He 's going to play a part in today 's scene Just to see ... A special favor ...
What did you promise me ? Why ... . I did everything for you .|You 're one of them , aren 't you ?
So , you said ... you said that the first part of Alain Resnais ' film used stock shots Remember ?|In terms of these lines ... as it 's between me you Beatrice , and him , Umano , with our individual physiques , I thought it would make for a different film We had to do certain moves : Take a book , put the glass down , etc For example , we hold out a glass ... and we have to stick to exactly what 's in the script For example , for the scene we 're about to shoot today , does she have ... any feelings of apprehension ?
In terms of these lines ... as it 's between me you Beatrice , and him , Umano , with our individual physiques , I thought it would make for a different film We had to do certain moves : Take a book , put the glass down , etc For example , we hold out a glass ... and we have to stick to exactly what 's in the script For example , for the scene we 're about to shoot today , does she have ... any feelings of apprehension ?|Even for tonight ... you don 't want to ... There 's something wrong ...
He 's an accomplice in the robbery .|Come to the police station for investigation . Hey ! Don 't arrest him . He 's done nothing wrong . He 's not a bad person .
Listen to me ... Go back to the clinic . Back to the clinic .|Listen ! Go Back Now ! He 's innocent , not a criminal .
Wait , let me tell you please ...|What is ... .
This time , we 'll shoot it Get ready to shoot|Umano , look at her a bit longer
What is ... .|What just happened ? They killed the man !
Put your hands behind your head . Don 't move !|Throw away your gun !
Jia ...|I ... I need my medicine .
What happened to her brother ?|We 're keeping him for custody ... for our investigation .
OK ? Let 's go|We 're shooting
I know who you are . Beware of attack , you 're being followed . You 're Tang 's running dog . When his dog barks , i 'll be cautious .|Where are you ?
What 's that ?|I was bored , so I bought stuff
I was bored , so I bought stuff|I hit the wrong button !
In that hole , under the slab ... I was alone , all alone , for ten days ...|I thought I 'd go crazy . You despise me ? Give me a break ! I 've been running away like a wild animal for days now . I 've been going wild ... eating roots ... I 'd do anything to reach the sea .
I 'm not a coward . I want you to know .|This marsh is the only thing left . We 'll get through it !
He 's outside .|Back to the car . Get the car .
We can 't ? Where are we going ?|Wait a minute
I 've got to have some privacy too .|I 'm confiscating your bike key .
I 'm confiscating your bike key .|It 's fine .
Report|During the reporting period , our unit ... .
Where are you ?|Did you go to the clinic ?
Did you think you were going to hate me , cos it was my car that ... Yeah .|I thought I might , but that would be stupid , you 're just as much a victim as I am .
I beg you , listen to me please .|You there ?
Are you sure ?|I 'll interrogate them .
It is made of spirals which , together , make up a sculpture|But not this one Yes , look , it 's a spiral , too
I might let some go , too .|Why so quickly , before dark ?
Speak up !|I nodded . You expect me to see that ? Speak up !
You can 't betray friends because of me . I feel terrible ... that you sold yourself out .|Let 's go home , ok ? I don 't wanna die here !
Let 's talk about this later .|Hey .
Do you pull weeds out of the crop field ?|We do . But we 're always sure about what is weed .
Nobody got any food since morning , just some boiled corn .|It 's not my decision .
Sit down|Why are you alone in Hiroshima ? Where 's your wife ?
Hello ? Can you hear me ?|Speak up !
What is he , on crack ?|Something . He 's creepy . Maybe we should ... No , no , no . I said the next person and this guy Is him .
Jane cannot die ...|I was an orphan .
What the fuck you coming here yelling all that motherfucking shit for ? You got a problem with easy money ? Nothlng easy about that money . You know . That " s why you sent me out there . What the fuck you gettin " all loud and shit and boisterous and talkin " big bronco in my fucker " s face for ? You better change your attitude , you forget who the fuck you talkin ' to . Look man , I apologize . But I " m frustrated with this shit here . Belng frustrated Is just part of the job . You do this , I " ll get you a better gig . Stay in there with me , man . It " s all gratifying . Bro , I got you . I 'm not Interested In spending the rest of my life as a fucking wet nurse to a bunch of broke dick cocksuckers on the road . I don " t know what you trippin " for . I don " t know why you pissin " the bitch when you know out there , thata love being in your shoes , in your position , which you ain " t written out , brother .|I want out , H ustle . This life ain " t in me anymore . I need a new life far away from this shit . Don " t get me wrong . I appreciate everything that you done for me . I know It 's been a lot . But it " s time for me to move on . It ain 't that easy , pimp . When you did your full five calendars , soon as you touched down on the floor , I pushed you in the game , I gave you a lifeline , I gave you a know , I gave you a mouth to mouth resuscitation . I brought you back In thls shit , man . I fucked around , got comfortable with you , you know a little bit of my business , you dig ? And I just can " t let you cut it off like an umbilical cord , pimp . What are you tellin " me ? One more job ?
Jame , come in .|Careful .
Bye .|Give me your hand .
You got that ? Yessir .| Now listen . This bank isn " t just an ordinary bank .
Wassup , man ?|What up , man ? U nc filled me in . We on , my nigga . That " s what " s good . Find a way to meet me at the spot in 20 . I can do that , man . We be there . Awright , dog . Holler .
Yessir . We gotta get that dough for real . He told me the layout of the bank , the streets , all that stuff . If we get some serious artillery , we should be able to walk in and walk out . Easy . It can " t be that easy . My uncle robbed 22 banks before he got caught . If he says it " s easy , I " m inclined to believe him . So this is what you motherfuckers been talkin ' about . Tell me you got an easy ass plan . The way I see it we " re going there Friday afternoon late . Right before the bank closes up for the weekend . We go in , we go out . We gotta get them guns . This is a motherfucking bank , dog . Where we gonna get that kind of firepower ? Good question . I was thinkin " Hustle . Hustle ? You remember what happened last time ? He tried to take that fucking risk . Can " t be riskier than the shit we been doin " . Out on the streets , selling " for this nigga . For this kind of payoff , I " m willing " to take that risk for real . I don " t plan on dying in the streets like everybody else . I " m trying to live my life .|I hear you . Man , that was beautiful , dog . Sound like a damn after school special . Shut your ass . I was just lettin " him know it was beautiful .
Five percent . Ten percent .|That " s a deal . Don 't disappoint me . You know what happened to the last motherfucker that disappointed me ? He got his top took off . come by tomorrow and I " ll have what you need . Awright . Yo , thanks , H ustle .
You sure do ask a lot of questions . Yeah , I do . That " s my job . J ust wanted to get away , a little slower pace . Well , a city that size , you oughtta try a whole lot quieter . That " s just fine by me . You got a place to stay ? No , not yet , not yet . If you need anything , don " t be afraid to ask . I " ll do that . You have a nice day . You too .|Who was that ? A new neighbor . Oh yeah ? Haven " t had one of those in a while . No , we haven " t . Let " s keep an eye on him . See what we can find out . Sure .
Nah , not anymore . I did my stint , worked a few other projects , top secret shit . But then they let me go . What do you hunt ? What 's that ? What do you hunt ? As in why you shopping here ? J ust taking a look around . Maybe pick up a few supplies . You know . M mm . And then I guess you gonna knock over a bank and move on .|J ust kidding . I " m here on business myself . I guess you gonna tell me all about that , right ? Well , I could . You seem trustworthy . Simplified and all .
That 's good|Let 's go this way
Besides , I doubt you " d even believe me . Whatever gave you that idea ? Look , man . I get it , okay ? Let me tell you something . I " ve seen some shit in my day . I " m sure you have too . But right now , I " m onto something really , really big . Something that will blow your fuckin " mind . Do tell . Let " s just say this . Do you have any plans tonight ? Why ? " Cause I would suggest that you conduct them inside . Really ? Listen , man . I " m gonna give it to you straight .|Tonlght Is a new moon . It " s the one night of the month that they come out to feed . Who ? I could call them vampires , but I doubt you " d believe that . If I called them zombies , aw , I know you wouldn 't believe that . All I know is that they were people , and now they something else . Something ... unnatural . Parasites . They feed on blood . H uman ... blood . And if they bite you , you become one of them . Awright , man . Awright . They " re nesting outside of town . Yeah they are . Just stay inside tonight .
Y " all as tired of this shit as I am , man ? No doubt , man . We gonna sit and let that brother roll over us ? Or we gonna do something about it ? Hell , yeah . What you got in mind ?|Oh , yeah . Man , what " s this shit for ? You know what it is ? Right now ? We supposed to do this shit by tomorrow man . It ain " t no time like the present . What about white dude ? Hustle said he " s the one in charge . Think H ustle give a fuck when we come back with that money ? Fuck that brother , man . How long we gonna be in there ? We in there longer than 10 minutes , we gonna have some trouble . U ncle always said don " t get greedy . Greed " s what get you caught . Sound advice . I can " t wait to see the expression on that motherfucker " s face .
You 're trespassing on a private property .|Arrest them , David . Tang .
Arrest them , David . Tang .|Give her the cure ... and I 'll tell you who is the mastermind behind us . Is it Uncle Cai ?
Great umbrella ! Just when we 're having fun ...|That 's pretty
Who knows ? Nothing wrong with it , just ... nothing right with it either . I suppose you always want to leave the place where you grow up . Try something new . Yeah . That makes sense . Is that what you " re up to ? Trying something new ? Something like that .|So how long you been on the force ?
Jia ...|Get the hell out ... All of you .
Look like cat ?|And him ? Look like ? Same Look like ?
Get the hell out ... All of you .|You son of a bitch .
Make way .|Put the guns down .
Everybody freeze ! Nobody fucking movei|Keep on reaching " , motherfucker ! I wanna put a bullet in your old ass ! You ! Down ! Now ! Keep your hands on your head . I don " t want no trouble out of you . Everybody else on your knees , now I Look over there ! It " s Jack ... Yo ! it " s time to get down to business ! Everybody stay where you are . Thls will all be over and done with In a minute . Open up the drawers right now . I said now , bitch I You touch that alarm , you the first to die . Where " s the bank manager ?
Jia .|Ziwan , take care of Jane .
Up !|Get back !
This is for interest .|Like grandma .
 Securlty alarm has been tripped at the bank .|Yeah , it " s Duff here . Rich set off that damn alarm again ? Probably , but you know the drill . Okay , I " ll check it out .
All you know is arguing and fighting .|And this is the way you act at home !
Oh shit , man ! What the fuck we do now ?  I " ll kill him for you . No ! Sit down ! Kate ! No reason this has to be violent , man . You can get out of here without killing anybody .|Do you know him ?
Well , yeah , that " s Tom . You got one shot to get him outta here . You blow it , both of you , y " all dead . Give him a little extra motivation .|This is a bad idea , boss . Who the fuck you tellin " ? Oome on ! Oome on !
Turn around , now .|Get in the car , Professor .
Hey , Tom . How " s it going ? Pretty good . The silent alarm " s gone off again . They sent me down to check it out . Oh , uh , well , I don " t know how that could have happened . But everything " s fine , I " m just closing up . Okay , well , can we get you to reset It for us ? Sure , I must have just kicked it while I was sitting at my desk . Yeah ? Yeah . Dog , he ain " t buying it ! Shut up ! U hm , you sure you 're all right ? Sure . I " m fine .|Okay , let me just fill out the incident report ... Fuck !
Where 's Ziwan ? In his own truck .|Hit him !
Fighting around at your age ! Fight , and your brother balls you out . Your brother had to bail you out . And you have to pay medical expenses . Quiet , It 's not your business . I wish they 'd lock you up The sacrificial paper 's all burned , Mom Okay , you can clean it up .|You just had no upbringing . You aren 't a child any more . ou shouldn 't give Mom so much trouble . Why don 't you be quiet . You called me to shut up ? You were fighting with hoodlums . What if they come after your brother ? What should you do then ? If they come , I 'll kill them . You won 't kill anybody
Hurry ! Bring the medicine !|Does it hurt ?
A bus is safer .|Made a mistake . Sorry . Stupid . Which bus is it ? I thought they all went there . Only No.48 and No.88 go there .
Give them a warning sign .|Get down I Nobody movel
That was a hell of a warning sign . I think they got the message . We so fucked ! No we not ! What we gonna do next ? Oheck all the exits . Find out where the security camera feed goes to and pull it . This shit ain " t right ! Shut up right now ! You walkin " on thin ice . You makin " me debate whether it " d be easier to cave your skull in . Do it , motherfucker . " Oause I can " t carry all this money myself .|Don " t push me , man . You got it ? I " ve already seen enough death today .
How you feeling ?|Where 's Jia ?
This looks like it . This is wrong ... ... Kangtu Theater .|I don 't see any theater ?
I don 't see any theater ?|Hohsi Road 's over there .
Hohsi Road 's over there .|That 's it .
We " re losing the light . What should we do ? We need to get them out of there . How ? We should back off and let them go . Sheriff , if we leave they would get away . They killed Duff . Shot him in cold blood . If you think ... How many people are gonna die if we paint them into a corner ? We outgunned . We have innocent people in there , we back off , let them go , we set up a perimeter 10 miles out of town , and let the state police reel them in . There " s still no way ... J ust get them on the phone !|Answer it . Me ? Yeah , pick it up .
Come , get in .|No .
She said you were taken to the police . You broke somebody 's head fighting . You want to be a hoodlum ?|What kind of job do you want ? Where are you going to live ? I 'll go to a factory . A factory ! You think it 's that easy ? You have an army obligation , and no skills . Didn 't graduate from high school . You 're just hopeless . Scalawag .
Hello ?|Is anybody in here ?
You are from Penghu ? Yes . Have a seat there !|Did you come today , or when ? We came last month .
Didn 't you say you 'd come tomorrow ? No , I said I 'd come today . You did . You said tomorrow . You must be deaf . It was today . Well ? Winning or losing ? With these three , how could I win ? Hurry up . Just a minute , let me see . You brother doesn 't know me .|Why aren 't you at work ? We 're off today . A bonus holiday . What for ? The boss is marrying a concubine . She 's off ; the boss is marrying a concubine .
There " s a few more hours before sunrise .|What the fuck you doin " ? I " m gonna call for some extra help . Put the phone down . We need the help , man . Help ain " t comin " , lady ! Maybe she " s right . Maybe we could put our heads together and come up with a plan . We just robbed a bank . People are dead outside . It don " t matter about those things . If help come , we fucked ! So please , get the fuck outta my face with that bullshit , bitch ! Watch your mouth ! You want some ? It " s easy to talk shit with guns in your hand . You think these guns make me tough ? Absolutely . But if you want to put " em down , you just let me know . Oome on , fellas , will you just shut the fuck up ?
I like your courage , lady . But you need to understand something . You ... ain " t in control of this situation . And you are ? Your plan ain " t workin " either . Hey yo fellas , check this shit out .|What ?
We 've been had .|Big screen , in color .
How " s he know we in here ?|Look out . Hey , what you doin " , man ? I " m letting " him in . You ain " t gonna do a motherfuckin " thing , homie . We can " t just leave him out there . If you " re gonna shoot me , go ahead but I " m opening up this door . This is the man I was telling you about ! He can help us . Open the door . Be ready for anything . Yeah , yeah .
Jia .|Jia .
Did he do it , or not ? Don 't poke your nose into it .|If you go to sea , what about your studies ? I 'll quit . Quit ? Right . Why ? When I graduate , there been no money to make . Why are you so stupid ? That make sense , so I don 't study . You think the same as I do . Come on .
If you go to sea , what about your studies ? I 'll quit . Quit ? Right . Why ? When I graduate , there been no money to make . Why are you so stupid ? That make sense , so I don 't study . You think the same as I do . Come on .|This one we have to drain .
Guess I was right , huh ? Start filling in some blanks here . Who are you and what the hell is going on in this town ? Not just this town . Say what ? These things have been slowly traveling south . How do you know this ? Like I told your friend , I used to work for the government . I was In the lab working with blood . We trying to make artificial blood . Something to use during wartime . We made one experimental strain , that we thought it had killed the test subjects . They weren " t dead though . Are you serious ? Those things out there are from a government lab ? It spread before we could contain it . They escaped , and the people on the base , including my wife , were their first victims . They attacked her before I could do anything . And now they " re here ? Right . Look , they move like a pack . From town to town , they hide , they burrow into the ground . And then they emerge and feed once a month . On a new moon . On the new moon ? Yeah . I still don " t know why . Something to do with sunlight , I guess . But tonight is that new moon , and this town is right in their path . I guess you picked the wrong night to rob a bank . Talk about fucked up timing . Timing is just perfect , man . The way I see it , this town " s got way much more to worry about than just us now . We could leave town and everybody else be wondering where the fuck we at . I " m glad to see you still think it " s so damn easy . Let me get this straight . If we keep the doors locked , then those things can " t get in . Probably not . They " re strong , strong than they were before they were bitten . But they " re not invincible . So we can kill them . Wlth a bullet through the motherfuckin ' brain . No , through the heart .|That " s the only way to kill them that I know . So they like vampires , huh ? Not exactly . These things have an infection , and they " re spreading the disease . But my job is to find them ... and kill " em .
That " s the only way to kill them that I know . So they like vampires , huh ? Not exactly . These things have an infection , and they " re spreading the disease . But my job is to find them ... and kill " em .|I think it would be best if we split up . And set a perimeter . Now he right there . Let " s check this out . Trey , you and Darkness over here check the back . Malcolm , take the lady cop . You and her check the stairs . I " m gonna stay over here and watch everybody else . What about our money ? Don 't worry about the money . As long as I 'm here , It ain 't goin ' nowhere .
Why are you here ?|Don 't forget this is my home too .
What are they doing here ?|Tie her up .
What the hell are you doing ?|Tang .
What 's the matter ?|Have some muskmelon .
What 's his letter say ?|He said their ship was broken . That his ship 's being repaired in Japan . The company is sending them home .
Yo ! Where you at ?|Hello ?
I will do one last favor for you .|You said .
Et regarde ton futur|L 'aventure
Be of fire and the earth , the water and dust .|The unwilling hero . Watch as the legend unfolds itself , as the story writes itself .
Fuck !|Who " s fucking blood is this ?
People come and go .|Health doesn 't ensure longetivity . You may die in a car crash .
You may die by choking on food .|Sometimes ... may die by burning to death .
Although if there 's a reward for his capture then I can help you catch him ...|Take him away !
Did you really kill our Mentor ?|What the hell , have you gone nuts ?
What the hell , have you gone nuts ?|It 's a dead end for us anyway . Why don 't you go first ?
Tang .|I 'm your wife .
I thought you said this fucking place was locked down . They musta came in through the roof . The fucking roof ? Yeah . Fuck ! I hate to tell you this but , it ain " t over yet . What the fuck you talkin " about ? The virus . It " s in his system . It won " t be long now . You want me to kill my boy ? You want another one running around ? I " m not stabbing him in the heart . Well , if you don " t , I will . The fuck you will . You don " t have to be the one to do that . That " s my boy , man . That " s the last nigga that gave a fuck about me . And you think I " ll let you disrespect him like that ?|No disrespect .
Come back ...|Hey Tinbo .
I hate it when my name is scratched !|" Ruel Stroud " . These zeros are great .
Rich !|Shit !
Hey Tinbo .|A call for you .
Now you " re goin " to hell , motherfucker . I " m out !|You 're leavin ' ?
Does it still hurt ?|Princess Amalia locked herself in her room . I 'm worried for Evangelyne . It 's humiliating for a Cra to lose their bow . She should have chosen better companions . What information is there on this demon ?
I 'm sure he has more important things to do than take care of my little problems . What happens to my bow is my responsibility .|We 'll find a solution , Evangelyne , I swear . Damn Grovy ! He ruined everything . The entire kingdom is angry because of him while the Xelor is getting closer every second .
Here .|Shinguards ? Yeah . For forearms . When they bite this , you get a much cleaner shot . All right . Let " s do this . Remember to aim for the hearts . I " m right behind you .
Guards ! The Iop is back ! He 's in my room ! Sadidas , help !|Hurry up .
Shinguards ? Yeah . For forearms . When they bite this , you get a much cleaner shot . All right . Let " s do this . Remember to aim for the hearts . I " m right behind you .|Oh shit .
Promise to take good care of her . Otherwise , i won 't forgive you .|Ziwan .
Go and inform the King . I 'll cover your back .|You 'll hold back all of the Sadida Guards alone ? !
You 'll hold back all of the Sadida Guards alone ? !|Don 't worry about him Eva . This little guy isn 't the representative of the King of Bonta for nothing .
And when better than now ?|Goddamn it !
Freeze .|Not a single move .
Not a single move .|Do not shoot !
Do not shoot !|Excuse me ...
All to the restroom .|Everyone ! Hurry up !
Oy , Oy , Oy ! We 're going to Seville !|Oy , Oy , Oy ! We 're going to Seville !
Eva ! Be ready once I 've saved you !|Ready for what ? !
Ready for what ? !|Don 't worry , Evangelyne . Everything will be alright .
Don 't worry , Evangelyne . Everything will be alright .|Don 't be scared . Now it 's your turn ! Oh , no !
Come on , champ !|Hello .
Where 'd we leave off ?|Somewhere around , " Iop Brain . "
Somewhere around , " Iop Brain . "|Why aren 't things between us as simple as a battle ?
The firm gave it to me for beating the sales targets .|Is it yours ? Not mine , no . They 've got it on lease . Right . Doesn 't Uncle Juanjo have one like this ? The same model , yes . And the same license plate . Okay , okay , it 's Uncle Juanjo 's car , but they 're giving me one like it .
Thanks .|Mr. Tang , your cell has been ringing .
No .|If the times comes , you know what to do ... Yeah , put on a condom . You whack on a condom , yes , sir . I know .
Rise , Eva . Father won 't mind . Bowing in front of him is meaningless . Yeah , it 's alright . The Tree of Life is cured , so let 's have a party !|Amalia , I have a surprise for you ! Look ...
Amalia , I have a surprise for you ! Look ...|Mom ? !
Mr. Tang , this is David . There are theieves in Yu 's office , send your men . Right now !|Copy that .
Willy ... Why won 't you look at me ?|Men look each other in the eye .
Men look each other in the eye .|I wouldn 't sell half of what I do if I didn 't . Look me in the eye .
Go check over there .|What are you doing here ? Headquarter , do you copy ? There 's a break in at Clinic Level .
You bastard .|Wolf , it 's Poon Ziwan .
The usual . You know I 'm looking for a flat .|When I get one , you 'll come live with me .
Is that Evangelyne ? ! Ruel ? ! Eva ...|Remember me ?
Would I have a TV and computer in my room ?|We 'll put in a Jacuzzi if you like . With foam .
Enough ! Enough !|I love you ...
I love you ...|The Soft Oak ? What 's this mean ?
Tree of Life , is that you ?|I understand ! I 've seen how distraught you are ! The death of your friend , the Soft Oak , made you sad , right ?
When I get back , I don 't want to see one potato left .|Check this out ! You go ahead .
Run ! Hurry up ! Run now ...|Faster ...
Keep going ... Take him with you .|Antitode ... Give me the antitode please ... Glucose won 't kill you , chief .
Please wake them up .|Keeping us in a dream isn 't the solution . Let us protect you .
Keeping us in a dream isn 't the solution . Let us protect you .|Father ! My daughter !
Father ! My daughter !|Prince , calm down !
Prince , calm down !|Prince , please ! At this rate your wounds will reopen . Armand ! Stop acting like an Iop !
Just go , don 't wait .|What the heck ? Why are you staying ?
Ruel ?|I had a feeling that old skinflint wouldn 't be held captive very long ...
Huh ?|Where was she meant to follow you ?
Later . You hiding something from us ?|You must continue the dying wishes of your dad and Yu . Do not let them down .
And you 've killed my faith .|Do you have faith ? Don 't kill me , I don 't want to die . Pardon me ? Say it again .
Wait , I 've got a gift for this . With those eyes , your name is ... Nieves ?|Your tank is heating up .
Don 't you dare to turn it off .|Keep watching .
Shut it .|Help !
Yu was always right .|You 're hopeless .
Okay , okay .|Take it easy . It 's fine .
Take it easy . It 's fine .|What the hell 's wrong with people ? What 's wrong with them ?
Freeze .|Do you copy ? Do you hear me ... he 's a real badass .
What 's wrong ? What 's wrong with the car ?|What 's wrong with the car ?
So , what did you do ? So , I jump out of the way .|And lucky there was no cars coming . But Don , oh ! He said a funny , funny thing . You remember it ? No . Oh , sure you do . I ... I have to do some work .
Just close your eyes and empty your mind .|Wakfu is all around us , and is in everything . Sometimes it 's strong , and sometimes weak . For Grougal , it was the base of all magic , and the base of all the dragons ' and Eliatropes ' magic .
Diesel ? You put diesel in it ?|You put diesel in it ?
Was your mom a good cook ?|She made a soup I liked .
You told me your dad died when you were six .|He 's on his Walkman .
Get the hell out of here !|This way ! This way !
I come from a city called Tobolsk in Siberia . It 's surrounded by forest , and he was a logger .|Did you like it there ?
Goddess , please let him make it in one piece ...|It 's okay ! I 'm fine ! Everything 's under control !
I don 't know . We didn 't think that way . There were things there that I liked . But my dad worked very hard . And when he came home , he was ... tired . My mom ... She was ... She was very tough .|That 's what Mom says about her mom . Well , that 's the way you had to be . After the war , people didn 't have much . It wasn 't about what you liked . It was about hard work and protecting your family . I had a job after school at this thing we called a cooperative . We made rakes .
And is William ready ? He 's been monitoring the shift changes at the lab . He thinks he 'll be ready at best in a few days . At worst , a few weeks . How close are you to getting the codes ?|Close . How close ? Let 's talk through this for a second . Maybe she 's not ready to do this . It 's okay . Um ... Maybe days . Last time , we did nearly start an epidemic . Oh , you think I forgot ? It 's supposed to be 10 times worse . The best deterrent is strength . Even their president says that .
This is ... This is Africa , Africa I 'm telling you .|This is hell .
Az , you little glutton ! Open your beak !|The heck is this ? !
I 'm sure we have a lot of people in Ethiopia . We 'll have Gabriel see what they can do . If he 's alive . At least it 's something to offer Alice .|Now I 'm thinking we may have to run .
The insurance covers all this .|It 'll look brand new . They 'll give him a new one . He 'll even thank me for it .
Paige . They found the Jeep , but no one was in it .|Is Alice here ? She 's in with Mrs. Woods and Assistant Pastor Dale . I ... I 'll just come back after school . Okay . I promise I 'll call if we hear anything . Okay .
Its skills are amplified tenfold by the Xelor magic .|Let 's see how you do without your collar .
Right ...|You don 't want to play because I 'm telling you to .
Ad ? Why the dog disguise ?|No ! That 's impossible !
Okay , I 'll go on the field , but I 'll play badly .|Impossible . You 've got my blood . You 'll only think about winning .
The sun ! Do you think you can , " zaap " all three of us in one go ?|No choice !
No choice !|Are there a lot of those dogs here ?
Kick it good , kick it hard , score a goal , give ' em hell . Here comes the greatest team in Spain , and you can tell .|Kick it hard , into the net , and sing goal , goal , goal ! Rivals stand aside , this cup belongs to ...
In gay slang , " bears " are big , hairy guys . The Jack Black type .|Guys with beards , rugged , like your husband .
You 've got the best pot , James .|You 're like a ...
In theory we 're all open and progressive , but you wouldn 't want your son to be a homosexual . As long as Elton was happy ...|He 's got a touch of it , look .
Mm . High school is pretty much fished out .|You want to know something ?
Faster , Yugo !|Ad ... Ad , show me the way ...
You like that , eh ?|Great . Fancy a beer ?
Have you told anyone ? You . Tell Pete ? Are you kidding ?|What ?
La magie entre tes mains Pars suivre ton chemin|Et regarde ton futur
Et regarde ton futur|L 'aventure
Be of fire and the earth , the water and dust .|The unwilling hero . Watch as the legend unfolds itself , as the story writes itself .
Mum , I 'm paying a forfeit !|Well I never ...
Hey . Hi . Is Henry here ? Uh , no . Oh . Um ... I guess he went to Doug 's . All right , well , thanks . Wait . Um ... Do you want to hang out ? My dad 's working this weekend . I 'm just here , so ...|Uh ... sure . But just for a little . I have to stop by my church .
Uh , can I get you a soda or something ? Actually , do you have coffee ? Sure , big shot . Yeah .|So , you guys aren 't big on interior decorating . What ? Are you crazy ? That 's all we talk about .
Yes ?|What ?
Do you go somewhere ? No . Uh , we 're not really religious . My parents aren 't , either . I got involved ' cause of the youth group . It 's really cool . But there 's this ... this horrible thing happening now .|Our pastor is missing . What ? He 's on a famine relief trip to Ethiopia , and he just disappeared . Oh , my God . Yeah , it 's really bad . I 'm pretty close with him and his wife , so I 've been ... I 've been checking on her every day .
Our pastor is missing . What ? He 's on a famine relief trip to Ethiopia , and he just disappeared . Oh , my God . Yeah , it 's really bad . I 'm pretty close with him and his wife , so I 've been ... I 've been checking on her every day .|Uh , do you want sugar or anything ? Oh , no , just the ... just the caffeine is great . I haven 't really been sleeping much .
Hi , Dad .|Be more convincing . Ask me : " How are things ? Is something wrong ? " Say it .
Would you excuse us for a moment ? Thank you .|You never saw me cry before . Now it 's all I do . It 's okay . I 'm so relieved . Me , too . I feel like I can breathe again .
I really wish it had ended differently . No legends for us , Rubilax . Our adventure ends here .|I don 't care ! I won 't stay here for long ! I 'll hunt you down and then I 'll bury you ! Farewell .
I 'd love a nice drink ... something fresh ... some cawwot juice ...|Look out , man ! The rock !
Look out , man ! The rock !|See it ? Great ! Now go around . Watch your step . If you fall while you 're in such bad shape , it 's gonna hurt a lot .
Please tell your parents I 'm sorry .|It 's ... It 's okay . They understand .
Leave me alone !|I can 't . You 've hit rock bottom ! I 'm sure you 've got no idea where you 're going . Leave me alone !
Eva ...|Evangelyne ...
I don 't know , but something is wrong . Patty , I don 't know what .|I 'm sorry . Please just call . I really want to talk .
Have you seen Goya 's black paintings ? I look at the world and I see Goya 's black paintings .|But Spanish is easy to understand . We don 't need any dialects . Turn that off , I 'm talking to my grandson . The AVE ? Atocha Station ? What are you doing on the AVE ? Yes , I 'm almost there . Atocha Station , please . Piero , have you eaten ?
I don 't think we should ask Alice for the tape right now . You don 't ? I was going to , but ... She didn 't bring it up , and it felt weird with us just finding out about Pastor Tim . I didn 't want her to think that ... Yeah . I just felt it would be better to wait . I think that sounds smart . Yeah . Great .|When are you gonna tell Henry ?
... with the Estatut , they just want more ... and more money to fill their coffers . Turn the radio off , please .|Are you going to phone again ? No , but I don 't want to listen to that . I do . But I 'm paying for the ride , okay ? Yes , but it 's my taxi . Not now . I hired it , so it 's mine now . Turn the radio off , please . You haven 't hired it . Read the rules . He 's a real democrat , this one .
This guy 's wandering around , no idea where he is .|Trying to feed people , though , I 'll give him that . A good Christian .
Fool ! I entrusted him to you ! I know . I 'm not worthy of being your disciple , master . I 'm too dumb and weak , and ... and too dumb .|It 's because you 're dumb ! That 's why you 're worthy of being my disciple . As for being weak , we 'll find out if you 've got the guts tomorrow ...
So ? What 's tomorrow about ?|To see my guts ? Regain some strength and sleep ! If you 've got willpower , nothing will be lost . Our ideals are all that count for people like you and me .
To see my guts ? Regain some strength and sleep ! If you 've got willpower , nothing will be lost . Our ideals are all that count for people like you and me .|Delicious !
I don 't feel like talking . I 'm exhausted .|I 've been on the move since 6 am and my feet hurt . I was a priest . My whole life . A Jesuit .
You know , it 's possible for people like us who give everything to our country and the world to forget ourselves . You sound like Philip after an EST meeting .|What are they like ? The family ?
What are they like ? The family ?|They 're close .
What if we couldn 't get in this way ? You 've already done the hard part . No . The next part is the hard part . After that , they 'll never recover . Elizabeth . Your feelings matter . No , they don 't . Or they shouldn 't . They can sometimes .|Let 's ask .
I don 't feel that rage against men anymore .|They 're not all potential rapists .
They 're not all potential rapists .|Take my boyfriend . We 've been dating for 3 months and now I 'm meeting his son , so it 's serious . Well , we haven 't slept together . No ? No . It 's a pure relationship based on love and respect .
We had a Mexican breakfast at the hotel . How was it ?|What are you doing , son ? Oh , do me a favour ! What are you doing ?
I 'm surprised I haven 't seen you two up here before ! This place is usually swinging ! You ought to pop up sometime . Come on , fellas ! Eat !|So , taking a trip ! Need a ride , huh ?
What !|Don 't they hurt ?
Let me have this .|This is the one right here , I can feel it . " The After Dark Club , the hottest acts anywhere . " Guys , it sounds classy , do you think we should have called for reservations ? I 'm ready . We are ready !
Guys !|You get the feeling we 're not in Kansas any more ?
Sorry . It was me .|I 'm going to throw up .
I 'm going to throw up .|God ! I 'm so embarrassed . No , Sara , it 's my fault .
You didn 't tell me you were that tough ... " Groovy ! "|And what are we gonna do now ?
And what are we gonna do now ?|We 'll find our friends , and then I 'll focus on what I do best ...
I must explain . You don 't need to . I know .|Sara , I really want to be with you . Me too . But I want it to be perfect , I don 't want to blow it .
Kicking the big baddies ' butts !|Don 't we look cool like this ?
I demand to see your identification ! Shut up , you clown !|Stop it , you 'll kill him . Stop !
This future is going to be your adventure . Make the light itself live , make the lightning speak with the magic in your hands . Go ! Follow your destiny ... and look towards your future , your adventure , and let your light guide your destiny ! Episode 23 : The Quest for the Dofus|Lotie ?
Stop it , you 'll kill him . Stop !|Sara ! Darling !
It was her . Have you seen " Kill Bill " ? It was wicked . Kicks , punches ... You should 've seen it .|Is she your wife ?
No way , one for all and all inside I say , ta ta ! Duncan , don 't do that !|Six coffees !
How you doing , boys ? Can I see your id ?|Good ... enough ! Perfect . Go ahead !
Us . You 're free now . You 'll find someone else .|Pepe , I don 't love anyone else .
I love the show , girls ! It 's brilliant , very tastefully done .|Come on !
Come on !|All right , gentlemen . You 're in for a treat ! She melts in your mouth , she melts in your hands . Sweet , sweet , Candi !
You ! That 's my bag !|The man told me ... That man is a twit . I want a room of my own .
Katrina ! You scared me .|Nice hair !
Very ... new ! Very ... now .|Anyway , I was wondering , maybe later tonight , if you 're interested in doing a little encore performance , for a much more appreciative audience , I could definitely make it worth your while . Yes I could .
Anyway , I was wondering , maybe later tonight , if you 're interested in doing a little encore performance , for a much more appreciative audience , I could definitely make it worth your while . Yes I could .|I 'd be willing to pay top dollar .
Be careful , kiddo .|Once you 've gone through that door , there 's no turning back . This is very serious . If you 've fooled me , you 'll end up with a flattened head .
Rosa ! Rosa !|I raised his mother . I was at his birth .
'Cause if I want , I can be bad too , understand ?|There , now that 's a good doggy .
I bought him his first bike , computer and mobile phone .|I paid for his school , his educational psychologist , a treatment for his acne and the wires in his teeth .
He 's alone , clean this mess up !|And now , she 's not much upstairs , but what a staircase ! Gentlemen , the fabulous ... Dominique !
And last year I committed the most abominable act I have ever committed .|Abominable ? Which one ?
I don 't know who wrote these Tables , but they 're just babbling . Also , it 's not , " Grourelouragran " it 's , " Grougaloragran . " If you don 't want to believe me , that 's your problem . I 'll just go find the Dofus ! Stop , you young fool ! There are wards ! A ritual to follow ! I 'm damn serious ! If you enter that room , the Bane of Judgment will be upon you !|You don 't know what you 're doing ! Come back , kiddo ! By Osamodas , before it 's too late !
Oh , no ! I 'm missing some droppings . Adamai , go ask Lotie if we have some prespic droppings left .|You 're supposed to say , " please ! "
You 're supposed to say , " please ! "|Lotie ?
Oh , no ! That 's cheating ! If you can rebuild yourself ...|So , how will you roast me now , eh ?
If Grougal created this , then maybe ...|The Wakfu , it must come from that draconic rune .
Come on , boy ! Don 't you want to join the party ?|Come on boy ! Come on ! Better get used to it , scumbag . All this for a fucking fraternity .
Help !|Crazy Eye ! What 's wrong with you ? ! Leave Adamai alone !
Crazy Eye ! What 's wrong with you ? ! Leave Adamai alone !|What ... What have you done to him ? ! Crazy Eye , spit him out ! Spit him out now !
Emergency operator , may I help you ?|I 'II take care of the cops . I 'll tell them a story like I always do . They won 't follow up .
Groularograman ... Groulagraingrogram ... Groloulougrabam . Daddy , can you come and help me ?|Stop giggling ! Yeah , well , sometimes I screw up . It happens .
Remember when we met .|I couldn 't fly . You couldn 't look people in the eye . From both phobias we 've built something beautiful .
We pulled through pretty well in the end , didn 't we ? We have the Dofus , I got my powers back , and you discovered a new one . Yeah . Now we 're ready to face Nox .|Yay !
Did something happen ?|I 've got no idea .
That Bow Wow was really bizarre anyways . Damn right ! I 'm really glad he 's not chasing after us anymore .|I can 't wait to see our buddies again . So , now that you 've regained your powers , why don 't you transform into a scaraleaf so we can fly back home ? Oh , no ! You 're too heavy ! Heavier than a lousy piglet ... You 're the lousy piglet !
A nasty habit .|Nasty .
In here .|Dad , the taxi 's here .
Be of fire and the earth , the water and dust .|The unwilling hero . Watch as the legend unfolds itself , as the story writes itself .
Dad , the taxi 's here .|And they just scored a goal against us .
Goal ! Goal !|It 's a goal , Dad , yes .
I am Vargass , the evil pawnbroker !|Noximilien , I hope you remembered my kamas ! Otherwise I 'll have to eat your children !
Dad ! Help ! A watchmaker like you should know not to be late paying off their debts . My dear munchkins , Daddy 's coming . This time he won 't be late ...|Poppy says so ... and her brother , the soldier , was sent on a mission to the border . Poppy is just babbling . We 'd know if the kingdom was at war .
Be aware ! Dangerous creatures are trying to infiltrate the kingdom to attack the Tree of Life . If you see one of these , do not approach them ! Warn the guards immediately .|Look sharp ! Nox and his underlings shall not escape us . Search everywhere !
But all I can see right now is food .|And I 'm starving .
Oops ! Sorry , I took you for an Iop . Have you seen one around by any chance ? A tall , stupid one ?|But why did you make them blue ? ! Amalia clearly said they were black ! But they 're prettier in blue , aren 't they ? It 's not a fashion contest ! It 's a public warning for the population ! The security of the kingdom is at stake ! Why didn 't you call for the people like I asked ? ! Because they are not trained for war , Amalia . Father is watching over the forest . If a single tree is destroyed , he 'll know right away . Yes , but father is exhausting himself right before our eyes . He 's barely recovered from his ordeal with the Tree of Life . What about my duty as an artist ? Does nobody care ? That 's not the problem , you damn tuber ! These creatures are black , not blue ! Was that too hard ? Does this drawing look like the work of a potato to you ? You only think about yourself ! You 're so selfish ! We 're at war , Amalia ! This really isn 't the time for childish behavior ! Childish behavior ? ! Was my return to warn the kingdom also childish behavior ? ! Exactly ! That was childish behavior !
But why did you make them blue ? ! Amalia clearly said they were black ! But they 're prettier in blue , aren 't they ? It 's not a fashion contest ! It 's a public warning for the population ! The security of the kingdom is at stake ! Why didn 't you call for the people like I asked ? ! Because they are not trained for war , Amalia . Father is watching over the forest . If a single tree is destroyed , he 'll know right away . Yes , but father is exhausting himself right before our eyes . He 's barely recovered from his ordeal with the Tree of Life . What about my duty as an artist ? Does nobody care ? That 's not the problem , you damn tuber ! These creatures are black , not blue ! Was that too hard ? Does this drawing look like the work of a potato to you ? You only think about yourself ! You 're so selfish ! We 're at war , Amalia ! This really isn 't the time for childish behavior ! Childish behavior ? ! Was my return to warn the kingdom also childish behavior ? ! Exactly ! That was childish behavior !|I don 't know what keeps me from ...
Carla ?|Where 's Fernando ?
Where 's Fernando ?|Hey , that 's my bag !
Amateur .|Sign the cancellation paper , both of you . We 'll see if the federation decides ... on a game to sort out the final or not .
Sign the cancellation paper , both of you . We 'll see if the federation decides ... on a game to sort out the final or not .|Well , gentlemen , I 'm going to get changed .
You know , the night you ran off ... Armand and I saw you .|I was so angry . Had it been up to me , the guards would have caught you and you would have spent the next year locked in your room .
Do I look real bad ? You know , it 's just like the movies !|You can 't see yourself . There 's no reflection .
But Armand was convinced you 'd be safe with Eva .|He told me , " We haven 't given her much space since Mother 's death , maybe she needs to get out of the gilded cage we 've locked her in . "
Right ... I understand .|The quicker the better . Goodbye , Pepe .
No . Not anything . Just one thing .|Make sure I don 't come back like you , Ok ?
We 'll see our friends again !|By Cra ! It 's them ! Alert ! Alert !
You 're ready to die for me aren 't you ? Because you can 't believe I 'm not me any more . Maybe there 's something left , huh ?|Jesus Christ , maybe there is ! No .
Sorry , pal .|Now get lost fast , go on ! Remember , you can burn or keep them from their coffins past sunrise .
Squad A , crossfires ! Squad B , explosive arrows !|Yugo , we 'll try something else . Use your portals , and then we 'll speak to the leader .
Watch it !|Look out .
We 're everywhere .|Can I ask you something ? You ever been to Vegas ?
That 's the icing on the cake .|Right on time for the Grand Finale !
I would love to have seen Vegas .|Once .
I came to the forest to try out the new bow your father made for me .|Are you okay , Amalia ? I miss the Brotherhood . Ever since my dream in the sanctuary , I keep thinking about it .
Can I buy you a coffee ?|That might not be good for you . You saw that I 'm trouble .
Move !|Looks like we 're not the first ones midnight shopping , it was already bent .
It 's Carla .|She says she 's 21 and married to a Romanian .
How can I stop being an idiot ? By being a woman , sweetie .|And old .
The real danger is the giant clock .|We must repel Nox at all costs and stop him from entering the Sadida Royal Compound . He cannot get near the Tree of life . Then we 'll deploy our troops on the border and stop him there .
Come up here a second . I want to show you something .|What ?
General , let our Cra allies focus on destroying the flying critters , our own troops will focus on the hooded uglies . We must prevent them from building one of those teleportation machines Master Adamai told us about . It 's our highest priority . Amalia 's not here ? No . She spent the night in the forest , probably in her tree .|I will dispatch guards to warn her . We 'll take care of that and then join you on the battlefield .
I will dispatch guards to warn her . We 'll take care of that and then join you on the battlefield .|Very well . Now let 's show this Xelor what happens when you attack the Sadida Kingdom .
Very well . Now let 's show this Xelor what happens when you attack the Sadida Kingdom .|I promise I 'll take care of him as if I 'd laid him myself .
To tell the truth , I was expecting far worse . These hooded ones are pathetic . Yes , that was too easy . They didn 't even have time to start building one of those teleportation machines . By Sadida , that Xelor is not even close to setting foot in our sanctuary .|Laugh while you still can , Sadidas . You took the bait and are exactly where I want you . Now I 'm free to appear where you aren 't !
Relax ! I 'Il take care of this somehow !|This has been one wacky night . You 're telling me ? I 'm going to need some new clothes here . Wait ! Where are you going ?
He was building something weird in the forest over there . I wouldn 't be surprised if Nox was behind this . We 'd better have a look .|It 's your turn , Weedkillos . The time has come . Activate the portal you 've built for me so I can arrive on stage .
Pity .|Take him away .
I 'm going to do some serious damage to these sandwiches .|Listen to me . Dieting is hard . Nobody knows that better than I do . I 'm telling you that you have got to work through the temptation . Because what 's on the other side Roland , is something that 's so , so special .
You 're gonna be so sublime !|Where is it ? Where is it ?
Pearl ... i 'm so sorry .|But she was a bit of a homewrecker .
But she was a bit of a homewrecker .|Jeez , but everyone makes mistakes . Pearl , wherever you are ! Pearl , I Miss you so much .
We know you 've avoided politics , Dusan , but you are the alternate .|Your people need you .
Look at this one for me ! I love the leopard . I don 't know . I 'd have to see you in it . Do you think it 's too matchy ?|Shame on the island . What the sam hill ?
Commander ...|Three American Air Force helicopters .
Shame on the island .|This is not good for business .
I can feel the fear of all the trees and plants in front of the Clock , Evangelyne .|Nox will destroy them to reach the Tree of Life , and they know it !
Battery two tracking .|Get Southern command on the line .
I think that 's a ... greeting ?|Yes it is .
You in particular , female !|Colonel ! Easy , Captain .
So when are you going ?|Soon .
And how long are you gonna be gone ?|I don 't know . Well Michael , then there 's something I have to tell you .
How did you know that ?|That 's right ?
Nox never intended to fight us .|His only mistake was taking us too lightly . Guards !
All in time , there is so much you must know first .|You ... you will be back ! You will ! You cannot leave me here ... all ... all alone !
I think it 's time we got down to business .|Razortime , my masterpiece ... Clear us a path to the Tree of Life . You 're the key to my plan , so don 't disappoint me .
All clear .|Three 's up . Three 's set . Clear .
I have reason to believe they are all imposters . He , or whatever he is , has no detectable heartbeat .|Take them to the holding room , put a guard outside . General Hammond
Michael ...|Michael .
Teal 'c , are you okay ?|Why ?
This time , it looks like your favorite blond is really up to her neck in it .|You might want to free me so I can give you a hand . Maybe later , Rubi , when I really need you .
Free me , you moron ! Together , we can get rid of these buffoons !|Don 't they ever stop ? !
Nothing 's wrong . I just don 't want to talk about it .|Michael , you know anything you tell me stays within these four walls .
What is that thing ? No idea , but I don 't like the sound of it .|Out of the way , bro !
To condemn Harlan , would be to condemn ourselves .|Your point being ?
Adamai !|Come on , let 's get it together . Like Grovy said , we 're doing pretty good , for now ...
Come on , let 's get it together . Like Grovy said , we 're doing pretty good , for now ...|These young people are really tenacious . They know it 's hopeless , yet they keep fighting .
Now I have this instinct ... this anger inside But I have no enemies .|Are you ready to tell me what happened back there ?
Umm , this notion of living a 11,000 years entered my mind for a moment . And I couldn 't ...|It 's a lot to take in .
It 's a lot to take in .|Apparently we 've got time to adjust .
Free me , Shushu Knight ! Let us deal with that steel wreck together ! Sounds like a plan !|Grovy ? ! Yeah ! Don 't worry , Eva , it 's still me ! Rubilax let me have control !
No ! Not already !|On the contrary ! It 's a good opportunity ! Let 's believe in our friends , and use this commotion to infiltrate the Clock ! Our only chance is to try to destroy it from the inside !
On the contrary ! It 's a good opportunity ! Let 's believe in our friends , and use this commotion to infiltrate the Clock ! Our only chance is to try to destroy it from the inside !|Yugo ! The faster we find a solution , the faster we 'll get them out of this mess . There 's no time for doubt anymore , bro ! Let 's go !
Whose fault is it ?|No one 's .
I was left to die .|And I thought he 'd come back .
And I thought he 'd come back .|Who ? Mason Chambers ?
And the rest did not except the gift . They ... ended their existence . How ? They walked above the surface , far from here . Outside of the range of the power source . Wallace , he was the last one , he gave his life for the station . An accident .|And I have been alone since Wallace . But you are here now ... and everything is better now .
Where 's Teal 'c , we could use him . It does not matter , he is ... different .|Okay , so what do we do ?
THE FILE IS BEING UPLOADED AS WE SPEAK . FILE DOWNLOADING ...|YOU SHOULD HAVE EVERYTHING YOU NEED .
Yes , his wakfu left our world . I 'm sorry , Yugo .|Nox !
Impossible !|Sorry for the late arrival , Princess . What 's the situation ?
Sorry for the late arrival , Princess . What 's the situation ?|It 's horrible , Master Joris ...
How do we find these vents , how do we open them ? The automatic controls no longer work and the vents are rusted close . You will have to open up the vent shafts . And do it manually . Search your minds , it is all there I made sure of it . You have all the answers you need , now go ! Go ! Go !|Phhtt , phhtt , phhtt !
Here we are at last !|I did it ! I 'm ready to see you again , my beloved ones .
La magie entre tes mains Pars suivre ton chemin|Et regarde ton futur
Et regarde ton futur|L 'aventure
Sorry .|No , I don 't think so .
No , I don 't think so .|How about him ? No . Approximately what time did the attack happen ? Shortly after nine ? Two assailants ? Yes ... No . It ... it was three . Are you sure ?
This way .|Warning ! Pressure rising to critical levels . Pressure levels at four Hubald units .
Pressure rising to six Hubald units .|Warning !
I 'm coming , my dears . Yes , Daddy is coming .|The machine won 't hold ! We have to stop !
The machine won 't hold ! We have to stop !|Stop ? So close to my goal ?
Do you own a gun ? No ... Yes , I do ... I mean , my husband ... I never touch it ... It was given to me . Do you have a permit for it ? Yes ... I have a permit for it . Look , I was in front of my house this morning shortly after nine , when three men came at me from behind . Two of them grabbed ahold of me , the other one hit me over the head with something .|They stole some cash and they left me on the ground bleeding . My neighbor called an ambulance ... and here I am , twelve stitches later .
There , I 've got it .|Warning ! Pressure rising to 8 Hubald units !
Warning ! Pressure rising to 8 Hubald units !|Pressure rising to 10 Hubald units ! Override ! Venting steam . Now . Not yet , Harlan . Not yet !
Trust me , they 're not that fun . Look|I have some here .
You didn 't tell me about this during my training . You 've got to find out , Yugo , or it 's all over .|Well , it appears there are still some rats aboard the ship .
Well , it appears there are still some rats aboard the ship .|I 'm happy to see you two again . I sent Igole after you , but he never came back .
I used to call my cat Butts but my dad said it wasn 't a very good name , so I changed it . What 's your cat 's name now ?|You 're bleeding .
Grovy !|I assume this is what they call the enthusiasm of youth ...
I assume this is what they call the enthusiasm of youth ...|And this , this is for depriving me of Igole !
Once I knew the transference was successful . I intended to send your organic selves , back to your world ...|Uh , their world . They would never have known of your existence .
We ... can never go back .|No , you belong here . You are welcome here .
Come here .|You 're not only letting yourself down but you 're letting your team down . What are you talking about , coach ?
Captain Carter . Colonel , he 's alright .|That 's great , Captain .
So who goes first ? The little dragon ?|Or you , who 's been bugging me for months ?
You have a drive inside you that could lead this team to victory . If ... you could be a real man and put your team above yourself .|Take it easy , man . Relax . Relax , dude .
I see .|You get it , you just don 't like it . Ah , well ... I think in time our separate experiences will make us different .
Yeah , but ... what am I supposed to do ? The answer is inside you . All I can do is buy us some time .|You ... Your wakfu will feed the Cube .
Listen , I need you to pick up Ben .|I can 't right now . You 're the one who insisted on joint custody .
Listen ... I 'm not too happy about this either you know . You think you know how I feel ?|Well , yeah .
Ouch !|I can 't even touch it .
We 're basically the same guy , aren 't we ?|Have a look .
What does that make me ?|What do you want ? Well , they 're all debating the meaning of life , out there . Both Daniels think this is all fascinating . The Carters are arguing already . Teal 'c feels left out .
Remember what you 've learned , Yugo ! Grougal didn 't ask us for all of this for nothing !|Grougal ... maybe he 's the solution ?
You and I have got a few things to talk about .|I 'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back , if that 's what you mean .
Yeah , I gotta go .|Rachel ...
I 'm not going to give you a hard time about who gets to go back , if that 's what you mean .|Thank you . It has nothing to do with generousity , believe me .
It 's over , Evangelyne ...|Amalia ! No !
Thank you . It has nothing to do with generousity , believe me .|I can 't go back . If I could it might be a different story . Yeah , well ...
I usually turn it off .|And ... it 's my mother . Do you mind if I take it ? No , no , go right ahead . Thanks .
And ... it 's my mother . Do you mind if I take it ? No , no , go right ahead . Thanks .|Hey , mom .
Even if it kills me !|You fool ! No one can touch the Cube without consequences .
So don 't forget to bury the gate when we 're gone . Like that 's something I 'd forget .|Well ...
No , I 'll still be there .|She 's doing just fine . I 'm actually with her right now .
All right , love you .|So you told your mother about me ? She just wanted to make sure you 're feeling better .
I did everything to please you .|Answer !
So you told your mother about me ? She just wanted to make sure you 're feeling better .|Okay ... What did you tell her about me ? That 's between my mother and me .
My mother , she asks me every day if I met any single attractive women around my age .|You 're single , right ?
You 're speaking to the Eliacube ... You 're completely nuts .|You 're too young to understand . For your sake , I hope you didn 't ruin everything .
You 're single , right ?|Technically ...
Sorry .|So , uh , how long ago did she pass away ?
I ... my husband and I are separated right now . Stephanie , my wife , we had problems . We tried counseling . That helped .|Believe me , we 've tried counseling . Michael just won 't open up since ... Since what ? Well , he was a Navy Seal and I was told he was killed in action five years ago and three years later he just shows up .
I can 't even see his movements anymore .|He still manages to move under my most powerful spell . Even Grougaloragran couldn 't do this .
He still manages to move under my most powerful spell . Even Grougaloragran couldn 't do this .|You 're too dangerous , little Eliatrope . I must end this quickly .
You know what ... excuse me . Hello ?|What ? No , uh , I will figure something out . Please , um , someone will be there soon . Okay ?
You can always ... believe in me !|No ! You can 't do that !
That 's great . I ... I 'm just gonna take a cab , then . I 'll get my car another time .|Hey , my shift 's up shortly . I can take you . I , uh ... I don 't want to inconvenience you . No , no , it 's not a problem . Well what about your car ? I 'll just have the cab come pick me up when I drop you off . No , thank you . No , I 'm gonna have to decline , thank you . Okay .
The time has come . I won 't get another chance .|There has to be enough wakfu left to go back in time now . Let 's go ... back home ...
Better skip a few cocktails , darling .|Come on , everybody , how about a little drink to Joan ?
Never mind the wisecracks .|Still on the garlic , you know ?
Still on the garlic , you know ?|Well ... nevertheless it looks like you 're out of luck this time .
Senator Chambers ... Robert Cochran , Secret Service . Agent Wright .|Nice to meet you , gentlemen . This is my aide , Leslie Mills ... Peter Billings . Nice to meet you . Chief advisor . Oh , really ? Hey , uh , let 's get moving .
Why don 't you wear a longer skirt next time ?|We 've been getting death threats since Mason was elected Senator . What 's so different about this one ? Leslie , do you have a number for Michael Adams ? Oh , yeah , I have his number . Excuse me . I don 't have that kind of information . But I can tell you they don 't call us in unless the threat is serious . Any assassination threat should be taken seriously . So what 's all the fuss about ? I don 't think you appreciate the severity of this threat .
Here , will that do it ? All right .|Come on , pick up .
They did all they could . They were shooting at me for three blocks . Yeah , well , it 's lucky for you I wasn 't among them .|Yes .
Where are you , you cursed ...|Why would you lie ? ! You were going to help me go back in time . To rejoin my family .
Well , listen , sucker , when it does , I 'll make you a little present of this .|When I was a kid , I used to swim around a pier like that .
Answer !|Did you really think that object was alive ?
I was wondering what you would do if you were a cop in Venice .|Is that supposed to be a funny crack ?
Okay , so , the phone 's on the coffee table .|And if you 'll excuse me , I 'm just gonna go put him up . Okay .
It 's over .|Farewell , Yugo the Eliatrope .
Leaning there , and all of the sudden , we 're in the ocean . Yes .|We ought to sue the company .
Are you okay , Evangelyne ?|No , not really . I feel like I have a huge void deep in my heart .
Sorry , I need to get this .|I can go for a cheeseburger and some fries . Lots of ketchup .
I think we all feel the same . All I did was make fun of him .|Even now that he 's gone , I 've been reduced to speaking to his statue .
We ought to sue the company .|I still can 't see why you saved my life with what 's facing you .
Okay , let me know when you find anything else out .|Where 's the Senator ? He went to the bathroom . What ? Alone ? Agent Wright is with him .
You know , the worst part is that I didn 't understand anything .|He was in my arms , and then he just disappeared . Maybe the god , Iop , took him to his side .
Suppose we don 't discuss that .|Well , anyway , I ...
I kind of feel like I ought to do you a little favor .|What , for a little thing like your life ?
He hasn 't yet been identified , but we do have a voice recording . Here ...|I was tortured for three years . They took everything from me . I have no one else to blame . I was left to die .
I was tortured for three years . They took everything from me . I have no one else to blame . I was left to die .|I have this instinct to kill ... Mason Chambers .
What do you say ?|All right , then .
I don 't want to end up like Nox .|Believe me , you 'll never be like him Yugo .
Believe me , you 'll never be like him Yugo .|I don 't know Ruel . I 've tasted just how powerful the Cub and the Dofus are ...
Well , it 's kind of stuffy in here .|All right if I go on deck ?
It 's thrilling , you know .|For now , I don 't feel ready . Even if it means learning more about my people .
No more dancing .|And no more cocktails .
It 's not a pretty picture , is it ?|All right .
For you , Grovy .|Everyone , this was a nice adventure .
Everyone , this was a nice adventure .|Edited subs : Wallachia
All right , doctor .|I 'll do what you say .
My , Milien ... You 're my sweet little genius .|So then , it 's obviously a clock . What 's new is that it follows its owner everywhere ; so that he knows what time it is ...
It can 't be .|Who is it ?
Where did you get this recording ? Homeland Security received it minutes ago . And where did they get it ? I don 't know , sir .|That might be a good thing to find out .
Igole !|Igole , come to daddy !
Come on Igole ! Come back to me , you and your fleas !|Igole !
Health .|Luck .
Mason ... Can we get a second here , huh ?|Mason , what are you doing ? We have a clear threat on your life from this guy . Let 's just get it taken care of . Look , I know Michael Adams . Believe me , there 's something else going on here . Trust me on this , all right ? I 'm not willing to trust your instincts when it comes to an assassination threat .
Damn animal ! Stop it !|Er ... Sorry , I let the dog go ... He 's probably gone to pay his debts !
A small explosive device was placed in the back of your head this morning .|You mean , the attack ? Yes , and the bomb is going to go off at ten o 'clock tonight or if I let go of this trigger . Now that guy already fell on the trigger so if I let go of this the bomb is going to go off . I don 't understand . Senator Chambers is in town today being interviewed on " Larry Stewart " . I 'm supposed to kill the Senator live on " T.V ' by ten o 'clock or the bomb 's gonna go off .
I 'm sick of jumping every time there 's a knock at the door .|You know , this sticky stuff 's bad for my scalp .
You know , this sticky stuff 's bad for my scalp .|I guess I 'm just tired . You hustlers are all alike . Spend all your time in a twilight sleep .
Hello to the family ! I hope you haven 't forgetten my kamas !|Because I am kama 's head or tail .
How does he fit in ?|He was your handler . He was supposed to set off the bomb if I tried to contact you or the police . But General Kun has several people working for him .
Say , I 'm a sucker , just like the rest of them .|I want a chicken ranch . Oh , sure , I know that one , too . All you need is 5,000 hens and one rooster .
Don 't you touch my family , you bad guy ! Or you 'll taste the power of Noximilien the clock maker !|We 'll see about that ! Thanks to my super armor and my magic sword , you 're no match for me !
Here 's to the rooster . Cluck , cluck , cluck , cluck , cluck .|Say ... who 's the mug with Dan Hardesty ? He 's a copper , And the toughest one out of Frisco . Pinch ? Nothing else .
Leslie , any luck reaching him ? I keep getting his voice mail .|All right , well I 've taken care of it so let 's just focus on Mason 's interview , okay ? What do you mean you 've taken care of it ?
Good morning my love . Did you sleep well ? Better than you did I guess . You couldn 't help it , could you ? Help it ? I don 't see what you 're talking about .|Well okay , it 's true . But before you get angry , I have to show you something .
I 've hired some men to find Michael Adams and bring him in .|You should have consulted me first . We 're gonna keep this from the Senator , okay ? No , I don 't think so . Do you have any idea what this man is capable of ?
Yes , he was on the beach lying down next to the cube . Since the accident , he seems attracted by this item like a magnet . Just like his master , huh ?|I know you disapprove , Galanthe , but look at the possibilities we 're given .
Murder ?|If you can call it murder for croaking the dirtiest heel that ever lived .
He 's a swell guy , too .|Gee , came to the front for me in Singapore when I was in row . And I was in row .
Gee , came to the front for me in Singapore when I was in row . And I was in row .|Took a long chance for me .
I 'm not sure a man 's worth can be measured by the number of friends he has .|Anyway , I 'm here . I 'm your wife . Don 't choose your dreams over me , please ...
What happened ? The steering 's gone .|Look out .
Everything that makes life fit to live .|It 's just a ghost .
Is it late ?|Does it matter ?
I 'm gonna make breakfast for the kids .|Try to come and have it with us for once ...
Let 's take a turn around the deck .|I do 40 laps a day .
I gotta get the bullet out .|Rachel , relax. ust relax .
Madame la Comtesse .|Oh , you know me , ah ?
I don 't know how to let it go . Michael ...|Michael , what did they do to you ?
Your face ... your face is what kept me alive .|The image was so strong at first , but as time went on , it began to fade .
That 's too much power for somebody like you .|Too much power for somebody like me ! ? What do you mean ? I don 't deserve it ? I 'm not smart enough ? Some others would deserve it more than me , maybe ... That 's not what I meant , Milien , I ...
Now come , you sit down with me for a few minutes , hmm ? Oh , that terrible man , he might come back . Nobody 's gonna bother you , not with me here . You know , I could not feel safer if I thought you were a policeman .|Say , now , listen , lady ...
What are we gonna do ? We 're gonna go see Senator Chambers .|There ... found him .
Is rather nice to get away from people , isn 't it ?|Oh , Dan , I 'm so happy .
Oh , Dan , I 'm so happy .|Tomorrow , Honolulu . I have the whole day plan . First , we 'll hire a car , drive across the Pali .
Milien ?|I 'm right here .
I 'm right here .|Pay yourself and go away .
Well , don 't worry . I 'll get out of it somehow .|Sweetheart .
You 're not gonna kill Mason , are you ?|I 'll do what it takes . Michael ... Do you have your cell phone ?
Now it 's too late . Too late ? How could it be too late or too soon ...|How could it be too late or too soon for one who masters time ?
Yeah , one of them stayed behind .|What ? It 's okay . He isn 't moving . You 're okay , though , right ?
What ? It 's okay . He isn 't moving . You 're okay , though , right ?|Yeah , I called the police .
I 'll challenge Time , the great deceiver . I 'll soon be as powerful as the God Xelor ! Yes ! Even more powerful ...|Control space between each second to compress time , fold the world and erase the story of my life ; and rewrite future without limit .
Yeah , I called the police .|Michael , be careful . I will . Call me when you get to the hospital , okay ? Okay , I will . Bye .
How ?|Peter Billings told them .
Honolulu is the last stop .|That means it 's his last chance to make a getaway .
From this instant , the world will learn to call me ...|Nox .
Sorry to interrupt . They 're ready for you . I 'll be right there .|We 'll finish this later .
Winter sucks .|Personally , that was my favorite season . With my buddy Ruel , we used to sidle into one of Bonta 's inns .
Personally , that was my favorite season . With my buddy Ruel , we used to sidle into one of Bonta 's inns .|There was always some bard there ready to tell a story .
Michael ... Rachel ...|The Senator 's life for your wife 's .
Let 's see ...|For a day like this ...
YOU ARE TO REPORT EVERY TWO HOURS ! DON 'T LET IT HAPPEN AGAIN ! KIM IS MOVING FORWARD .|WHEN IS IT GOING TO TAKE PLACE ?
He 's the one who stole my gobball socks . And I 'm even sure he 's the one eating the inn 's jams at night .|Poor Ogrest , he 's constantly getting blamed for everything .
Yeah , everything 's fine . Just a few last minute details .|The Senator 's looking for you . Of course .
Everything begins a long time ago , way before the Great Flood .|On a lost island at the end of the world , in a village built atop of a gigantic tree , lived the greatest alchemist the world has known .
Going ashore ? Yeah , but I 'm sorry , pal . You 're going in the brig .|That 's a bit tough , but ...
Dan ...|Oh , Dan .
By the Golden Horned One !|A spontaneous auricular generation .
Ogrest !|That sounds quite good . From now on I 'll call you ...
Agent Cochran ?|Agent Cochran , come in .
Everybody , we 're on in thirty seconds . Let 's go .|Tonight , North Korea 's threat ... how real is it ? Senator Mason Chambers weighs in on this issue and much more .
Just as soon as it 's dark .|We 'll be ready to shove off the minute you step aboard .
Probably a new property from ogrine . I 'll have to study that .|Oh my !
Oh my !|We 're sinking !
What the ...|These wouldn 't be your tears perchance ?
I can 't believe you shot me .|I barely grazed you .
I barely grazed you .|You want to tell me what 's going on , Michael ?
You want to tell me what 's going on , Michael ?|You left me .
You left me .|I thought you were dead ... just like the rest of the team .
I thought you were dead ... just like the rest of the team .|I barely made out of that country alive myself .
Welcome to our family , Ogrest . And thus , Ogrest was born .|The first and only ogre the world has known . Is that all ? Is it already over ?
The mission failed . I failed .|I 've had to live with that for five years . You want to know the hardest part ?
Good .|Oh ...
Oh ...|Gardenias , pikake , and camellia .
Gardenias , pikake , and camellia .|It 's too beautiful .
Bam ! Right when you 're not expecting it .|For that matter ... I know someone else who 's really alone in the world .
Ogrest , meet Dathura .|She 's one of the Sadida God 's legendary dolls .
She 's one of the Sadida God 's legendary dolls .|Look , it 's written here . Dathura , divine doll with a broken heart , fallen from the skies , abandoned .
I need your help .|Break the glass . Sir !
Oh , boy , it 's dark in there .|1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 .
Could we ask for more ?|Only ... if it will never end .
No ...|Not that either .
I can 't let you put your life at risk . Just stand down , Cochran . Do it for me . I owe this to him .|No one can know I 'm still alive . Not yet .
THIS is an ogrine . You must find an even bigger one . 'Kay !|Hey ! Get out of here !
Hey ! Get out of here !|Ogrest found ogrine ! Ogrest found ogrine !
We have less than thirty minutes .|They 're on their way . I 'll keep an eye out .
Disarm the bomb . She 's dead anyway .|Disarm it now .
Go ahead , Mason . Pull it .|Mason !
Mason !|On your knees .
My dear ... whatever happens ... we belong to each other always .|Hold me closer .
Tell me how to stop the bomb !|Tell me .
I guess we ... we ought to go back , shouldn 't we ?|I suppose so .
I 'm not going back on the ship .|You 're ... not going back on the ship ?
I can 't go back , dear , because I 'm an es ... my dear ?|Joan ?
So , according to me the treasure must be hidden there .|Bro , I 've got my whiskers all rustled up over those spottings . Let 's get into action . We blow up everything and see where the treasure is . You 're right . However , explosives are in the boat . Who 's gonna fetch them ?
Okay ! The loser 's the one to go .|Right , let 's do it ! One , two , three !
Yes , dear ?|Dan ... don 't leave me .
Don 't forget to write , now , will you ? Don 't you ever come back here .|And the next stop , sucker , is San Francisco .
YES , IT IS CONFIRMED . KUN IS DEAD .|DO YOU WANT ME TO PROCEED ? I WILL CALL BACK WITH CONFIRMATION .
DO YOU WANT ME TO PROCEED ? I WILL CALL BACK WITH CONFIRMATION .|Who was that ?
Oh , doctor ?|I 've got to tell you this .
That 's gotta hurt . Hey ! It 's not over . Go crustugly , cut that dwarf in two ! Make bow wow chow out of him ! Gee , what an acrocat !|Go , big fella , hit hard ! Don 't be pushed around !
Go , big fella , hit hard ! Don 't be pushed around !|Told you bro , it 's not done yet .
Told you bro , it 's not done yet .|Hey ! No ! Aww , just when it became interesting .
I 'll play you a game of pegs .|And I think you 'd better rest .
Nice , little fellow , you 're doing great ! How bow meow knows Ogrest 's name ? Gotta be deaf , you keep repeating it . We 're the Flush brothers . I 'm Longtail . He 's Mediumtail . Do me a favor and lose this fight . And he 's Kiki .|In fact his name 's Shorttail , but as he can 't answer ... We call him Kiki ! Kiki ? Err ... Shorttail mute ? He bet he could shut up for a year . It 's been eleven months now , but we 'll get him , that 's for sure ! The one who wins a bet gets to be the leader of the litter . It 's fun and it prevents arguments . For now I 'm the leader . Bow meows silly !
Gee ! Gotta do everything yourself , eh ? You cheater ! Take !|We never said we couldn 't help him .
Good night , Countess .|Quick , bartender , get me a drink , quick . Quick before the fight begins . Yes , sir . Here you are , sir .
The Golden Gate .|I remember an old hymn . How did it go ?
Oh , general ! How are you , fine ?|If you want I can repeat the operation plan for you .
Machine guns on the mules ! Quick !|Faster , boys ! Commander ! Excuse me , commander . Where are they taking us ? This doesn 't look good .
Home .|Yeah .
Excuse me , but why ?|That 's how it will be . It won 't be easy .
Buddy ?|Ah , there you are . Sorry for insisting , buddy . It 's just that it would really be my pleasure to take you with us , you know . Anyway , you have time to think about it .
I just sort of feel that I won 't enjoy being the law anymore . After what 's happened .|And I was wondering if you 'd be ... willing , well , I sort of ...
By the way , I was thinking ... Ogrine is some kind of precious stone , isn 't it ?|Tomorrow we 're going to the cave to look for the treasure . Don 't you think we could find some ogrines in it ?
Oh , I 'd love it , Steven , but ... there 's something I have to tell you first .|Ah , you 're a right guy , and I 'm gonna come clean with you .
Well played with the ogrine trick . You win a round , bro , but not the bet yet .|It 's already won , bro . Let 's get a move on .
To these jackals and fake patriots !|Tanks , divisions of a mighty army are with us .
With God 's help , brother Chetniks , let us get ready to ram a hawthorn pole into their savage hearts .|Soon Tito 's head will fall down to my feet .
Fight , fight ! The congress of partisan doctors has ended !|Two more brigades founded in Slovenia !
Two more brigades founded in Slovenia !|General fight against typhus !
What do you say ...|Countess ?
Don 't smear my bangs .|Remember our first ?
Of course , dear .|We mustn 't miss one of them .
We won 't , dear .|Where shall we dine tonight ?
God Ecaflip , tell me I 'm not dreaming .|Kid , give it for a while , just to see ... Give me that !
I 'd like to ... be in caliente for new year 's .|Just a month , isn 't it ?
Ogrest make trade .|A Dofus ...
You won 't go anywhere with that Dofus !|Who 's there ?
Goodbye , Dan .|Not goodbye , dear . Auf Wiedersehen ... Until new year 's eve .
I won . Really ? You think so ?|Thank you ! I was looking for a bag for my Dofus .
Thank you ! I was looking for a bag for my Dofus .|Daddy !
Dr. Marija .|Will this medical bulk ever get off ? These are seriously wounded people , not a brigade . We can 't do it faster . Call the head surgeon !
But they are in a darkness of their own making ... And will burn in hell .|" And the light shineth in the darkness ...
Comrade Nazor , I have come for you .|I am ready Stole , I am ready for a long journey .
Salted water , bad water .|It 's not milk , that 's for sure . But for once your stomach saved us . Daddy !
I am ready Stole , I am ready for a long journey .|I only have this suitcase and these books . I have ordered fighter Zika to take care of you .
" and the darkness comprehended it not . "|Nay .
How do we get out ? Don 't worry .|I know a secret passage , we 'll catch up with them quickly .
And bow meow give back the bag ! By Ecaflip 's seven tails ! An alchemist and a bow kitty . What do you think our odds are ?|Ten to one . You 've heard that ? Come on , go back home . We mean you no harm , especially to you kiddo .
This is the food of Satan .|Sir , it be Christmas Day . Some call it that , but none in my employ .
By stealing the Dofus , you triggered a mechanism that will cause the destruction of the island . But before it collapses , what about a little bet ? A bet ?|Yes , I bet you that with this magic vial , I 'll make Shorttail speak .
Yes , I bet you that with this magic vial , I 'll make Shorttail speak .|We 've been trying for almost a year , and you think you can succeed ?
Oscar had tasted the pudding .|It did not taste like the fruit of Satan .
It did not taste like the fruit of Satan .|Dear God ...
But you forgot that us , Ecaflips , are gifted with an exceptional sense of smell .|No way , you both smell as bad . Oh no , we haven 't got all day .
No way , you both smell as bad . Oh no , we haven 't got all day .|Bro , to know who you are , I 'm gonna leave it to the only reliable method : Luck !
Baptists .|Catholics .
Give me Vuk 's photo . I 'll probably see him before you .|They have transferred him to security .
Please , dear God , no .|God repeated the message again and again : Anglican .
Let 's sit down .|Let 's stay here a bit as though as nobody is here . It will be wonderful when we will be together forever once .
Oscar did not wish to leave the shelter of the Plymouth Brethren ... but this was where God wished him to go .|That is precisely my point , Hugh . Divine grace cannot be sought . It is given .
That is precisely my point , Hugh . Divine grace cannot be sought . It is given .|Look , Betty . It 's a new crack .
Wait ! I am called .|I am called .
Say , dad , do you think Ogrest still exists ?|Who knows , Yugo , who knows ...
Where are you going ? Where is the head surgeon ? Hurry up , doctor .|Where ? We all know where . To Prozor .
Each of these flowers is an offering , an homage to the one who sacrificed himself to save your kingdom .|I didn 't do it on purpose . And since you 're bothering us , we 're going to play elsewhere . Come on guys . Anyways she 's turned half nuts since the death of her lover .
I didn 't do it on purpose . And since you 're bothering us , we 're going to play elsewhere . Come on guys . Anyways she 's turned half nuts since the death of her lover .|Listening only to his courage , the Ginger Warrior rushed alone to attack the iron monster . The Iop had many flaws , but they were all made up for by a deep sense of honor .
What Prozor , if we didn 't conquer it .|Hasn 't it fallen ?
What a nasty critter !|You girl , you 're gonna pay for this !
Well , now we look silly . We 're wasting our time and energy , they 're far too quick . And numerous . And irritating . But at the same time , they don 't deserve that we toast them .|Toasted gerbils ... I don 't know why but it makes me hungry . If we don 't stop them , my whole harvest is done for . Our problem is storage . Hey , would you happen to have a havenbag sir ? A used one , a bit old fashioned , yeah . Could you lend it to me ?
There . All that 's left is to release them at the other side of the forest , and as soon as we get back to the palace , we 'll warn Princess Amalia .|The Princess ? She doesn 't seem to care much about us . Don 't say that , as you can see she sent us to help you . It 's very nice of you but that 's just postponing the problem . Just go have a look at what happens underground , THAT will improve things .
Lucinda had never been on a boat . She had never been to Sydney .|She carried with her a bank draft for her entire fortune ... as well as an itchy impatience to grasp what her mother had called ... " the working world . "
Forward ! Follow me !|Here you are ! What is it , why are you shivering ?
As you will . Right now I have shadows to chase .|A bit of lamb , a good ham . With that I can survive a few days .
Fight . I 'm commanding !|Why are you changing his nappy ? Let him die if he wants to ! I 'm commanding !
Fire , Mate , fire , Jure !|Forward !
Good luck , miss .|This Frenchman , Leplastrier ... if he expects to find an expert on glass , I 'm afraid he 'll find only an enthusiast . However , he has found out my little hobby ... And I shall try to advise .
To the bunkers , forward !|Faster , faster ! Hello ! I must speak with general Lohring immediately .
This is from Botany .|And the other 's from Hallet 's , in London . Hold them up to the light . Compare them .
Lohring , immediately !|Where is he ?
It 's quite yellow . And this is ...|It is so clear .
I 'm sorry .|Nothing to be sorry for .
Vuka , what is it ? What , this fool will kill us .|Take aim at him !
Now that 's bad !|Run for your life sonny !
Something 's moving underground . It 's coming over here .|It 's heading straight towards ...
Everything .|You rake it in , then throw it away .
Ok , hold on , I 'll take care of it ! Junior , I have to leave you there if I want to be fast .|Don 't play the hero , you hide in there , right ?
You rake it in , then throw it away .|Look at you . You look like a scarecrow .
Now that sent it flying !|Oh my , I don 't like that look .
THAT SUUUCKS !|Well , what 's happening to you bro ? I 've known you tougher than that . Wait have you seen this big thing ? It 's humongous !
Well , what 's happening to you bro ? I 've known you tougher than that . Wait have you seen this big thing ? It 's humongous !|We should have brought more people .
Please Mr. captain , don 't leave me !|I 'm not leaving you , Mario . You don 't want to go with me . Good luck !
If we move it 's gonna destroy everything . No way !|It 's ok Az , everything 's fine . I didn 't manage to save Grovy , but I swear no one will ever mess with his memory .
Are you looking for Novak ? He 's alive , alive .|Vuko was a far better comrade and fighter .
Vuko was a far better comrade and fighter .|I feel bad about him .
I feel bad about him .|Don 't make that up , you 're lying Bosko .
The Rev. Dennis Hasset knew his behavior was reckless . His diary recorded the first meeting with this unusual girl ... and after that , many red slashes across previous appointments ... even one parish meeting . You were right in your choice of the navy .|Excellent .
If that was the mother , I 'm not keen on meeting the father . There are all kinds of creatures living under the Sadida Kingdom . One should simply avoid to irritate them ... RIGHT , Ruel ? Me ? Err ... What are you talking about ? I 'm not to blame .|Alright . When I gathered the debris of my machine I found a piece of gold , which meant I passed through a lode . Therefore I Therefore you dug galleries to line your pockets , without considering for a second that all these huge and big nuggets all belonged to the Sadida people ? You should be thrown in prison , you old thieving skinflint ! You wouldn 't dare , would you ? After all we 've been through ...
Don 't cock , just sit down and eat .|Come on Novo , get up ! I heard we are immediately leaving for Neretva ! Let 's go , get up ! Prozor has fallen . You have to make a toast . Drink , brother !
No , you 're right , however I confiscate this gold !|ALL the gold ! It comes from the Sadida underground , it 's the Sadidas ' property ! NOOO ! No , have mercy . Prison , labor camp , cut my head off , anything you want but not my gold ! Not my gold ! You 'll think a bit more next time before digging through other 's underground . The most important thing is that Grovy wasn 't hit .
ALL the gold ! It comes from the Sadida underground , it 's the Sadidas ' property ! NOOO ! No , have mercy . Prison , labor camp , cut my head off , anything you want but not my gold ! Not my gold ! You 'll think a bit more next time before digging through other 's underground . The most important thing is that Grovy wasn 't hit .|Yeah .
I broke with my friend , Tom Wilson , this afternoon .|Why is that ? He said things about you that are scurrilous .
I told Wilson such stories are pure fabrication . That they should not be repeated . I told him D 'Abbs was your accountant ... That you did go and see him , that indeed I went with you .|There is no more to it , is there ?
I was lonely .|But you have been here three or four evenings each week .
But you have been here three or four evenings each week .|Wilson mentioned gambling parties on a boat at Pittwater .
Wilson mentioned gambling parties on a boat at Pittwater .|And dancing .
Arachnees ? They say it 's the mating season now . You 'll easily find a soul mate . You have to follow the main road that leads to Astrub , and keep going towards the plains of Cania .|See ? With good will ... I don 't care , when we get back home , I 'm telling Yugo .
Hello !|Hey Italian , should I shorten your head ?
You shot , therefor you are a fascist like the rest of them .|Why didn 't you come yesterday instead of today , when Prozor fell ?
If you accept me as one of yours , I will loyally fight for your side .|I can 't act anymore against my beliefs and from now on I also won 't . Let 's take him . We 'll see ... Let 's test him .
I can 't act anymore against my beliefs and from now on I also won 't . Let 's take him . We 'll see ... Let 's test him .|I don 't want him in my unit . You take him !
Alright then ! Just this once .|That 's it indeed . The position changed . It 's in the opposite direction from the first one you gave me . Why does Sadlygrove change location like that ? Are you really sure he 's alive ? This thing of yours , it looks more like a trap than anything . If this is Rubilax trying to take revenge on us , he wouldn 't try anything else .
Mostly light artillery .|I 'll take him into my division . I need him .
Is it you that paid the boy 's passage ? I would not have him go away . It certainly wasn 't the Missionary Society . Hopkins ' old man writes about the Yea .|Melody .
Father .|Get up . You 're not one of them .
Me , theater , drama , Dalmatia ...|Lovely .
I have to get a closer look .|There 's no one here , no sign of life .
Do you have an idea of what happened here ?|It 's the village of Mount Gobbly . The least you can say is , when they 're mowing the lawn , they 're not kidding around !
Get aboard ! Oscar knew it was only superstition ... that said a caul could prevent you from drowning . Yet he clung to the belief anyway .|You can no longer put me off .
You managed to take me by surprise , not everyone can do that . Really ? You know , past a certain age , you become almost invisible .|What happened here ?
I can 't .|I can fire on the Germans , I can 't on the Italians . They are my compatriots .
Fire , quickly !|Immediately !
Fire !|Get lost !
Get lost !|Get lost !
I 'm in the throne room .|Find me , Evangelyne .
Nanda , have you seen and heard the same thing as me ?|Please , tell me you did .
You see ...|I have a phobia about the ocean .
You think , we will shoot you ?|Mr. general , like all prisoners of war you will also be carrying the wounded , do you understand !
Whatever happens , I 've decided to listen to my heart anyway ! Thanks for everything , granny !|" Granny " ?
Coat !|Take off your coat . Faster !
" and the whole company of Heaven ...|" that I have sinned . "
Nice shot , Remi ! You 're getting better with that dagger . Thanks , Grany .|Hello , young lass ! My name 's Remington . Remington Smisse . Let 's keep things short and simple : you own something that I 'm interested in .
The photos are clearly indicating it .|We are at the last stage of the operation .
We must destroy the partisans in Jablanica .|We push them towards Neretva and we don 't let a single soul cross the bridge .
I thought so .|These terms , Mr. Hopkins ...
Why do I bother trying to stay clean ?|What is this place ?
. brilliant .|But I dare think a bit different .
I cannot believe that such a God ... Whose fundamental requirement of us is that we gamble our souls ... It 's true , we stake everything on the fact of his existence . I cannot believe that such a God can look unkindly on a chap ... Wagering a few quid on the likelihood of a dumb animal crossing the line first . Unless it might be considered ...|A blasphemy ... To apply to common pleasure that which is divine .
I recognize his style .|So that 's one of yours ? He must have an incredible power to have managed that . Not more than us .
Your two .|Your four .
You , what do you want from me ?|Not showing off much now ?
They 're starving . Physically and mentally they wont be able to endure , and here is our chance . Let the partisans cross the bridge .|Yes , they must cross the bridge .
Your four .|I raise you three .
Looks like he knows how to use them .|Nice shots ! Too bad the third one didn 't hit . Really ?
Let them eat each other .|I like your idea very much , but we don 't have much time .
I like your idea very much , but we don 't have much time .|Fuehrer 's headquarters demands immediate action .
That 's it , gentlemen . This is how the last act will be unwinding . And here Tito will be fighting , along with the rest of the partisans .|Thank you . Good luck !
Well done , my lord .|I hear that your glass lady has returned .
Let 's run ! The doctor is dead .|If I tell you , it 's not the doctor ! He 's not dead , it 's not the doctor , get lost !
Miss Leplastrier is not that , my lord . She has arrived just in time for your farewells .|I am told the parish is called Never Never .
We can have the works together .|And neither of us lonely .
And neither of us lonely .|No , I must go .
Understand any of this Gran ' ?|Nothing at all . Hi .
So you will preach what you do not believe to men who do not care . I shall preach what I do believe . There 's no virgin birth ?|That Christ died for our sins ...
There is a part of you that wishes to be sent away . Quite a large part .|Who will I have to talk to ?
Does the track bother you , Reverend ?|A little , Mrs. Judd .
You grow accustomed to it ...|In time .
Typhus .|Tell them to cut her hair .
That means that even if you control my body , it refuses to harm Evangelyne .|That 's impossible .
That 's impossible .|You 're beautiful in your new outfit , Eva . You look more and more like a girl .
I cannot find Paraguay , Mrs. Chadwick .|Have you looked in the index , Alice ?
All 's well that ends well , you clumsy oaf .|Are you kidding me ? ! Don 't pretend I didn 't exist , you don 't stand a chance .
I can 't . You open it . Come on , open it .|Open it yourself !
And in our world , there 's no room for you , little Cra .|I knew it couldn 't be that easy .
I have waited for us to cross Neretva .|Not now , because of Novak and the brigade .
Not now , because of Novak and the brigade .|You store it . I love you .
A recall arrow ! Evangelyne needs us !|Come on , Ruel . Let 's burrow the war shovel and go help our friend .
Surely not .|" When I told the Ecclesiastical Commission ... " that I have never gambled for personal gain , they would not believe me .
" I am sorry to have caused you so much anguish , dear Papa .|" I know that you will believe that I am destined for eternal hellfire .
How fortunate , I 'm really hungry ! Take care of them while I grab as much items as possible . OK ! And what about her ?|Let 's say ... It 's her lucky day . Maybe she 'll be a good dessert .
Let 's say ... It 's her lucky day . Maybe she 'll be a good dessert .|OK ! Let 's go , girls !
Novak , typhus . Look !|Typhus ... He fell sick .
Is Mr. Hopkins here ?|No , he is not .
Get away from the bridge ! I 'll shoot .|I don 't have typhus . Leave me alone !
Mr. Hopkins ?|Forgive me .
That 's one paw .|Now the other .
Brigade , departure ! To the north , comrades ! Faster !|Over !
I never see you . Or when I do , you will not look at me . You barely speak to me .|I cannot gamble again .
I am in command over here . Follow me , typhus people ! It doesn 't matter . Bosko doesn 't mind that you blew up the bridge .|We will swim across Neretva . Typhus people , follow me !
In your dreams , dumbass !|That would have been too easy ...
That would have been too easy ...|Grany ! Come here , we 're outta here !
Grany ! Come here , we 're outta here !|What an idiot ! He let himself get possessed .
Geez Remi , that was a close one ... You let yourself get controlled like a moron . I should have left you there . Oh come on ! Stop showing off .|We both know you would never have done that to your little brother . Don 't tempt me . Come on , let 's move out . It 's getting out of hand here .
It wasn 't an accident , which means they deliberately destroyed it .|I 'm asking myself , why did they blow up their only chance they had left .
Hi everybody . What an ugly face . He 's a fraud . Some people really have no shame . Kids these days , no respect , my dear friends .|That sword ... It 's the one that was hanging over the throne ! So what ? So it MUST be the most powerful . Right ! Thanks for the invitation , but we 're expected far from here .
Come on , faster ! Ivan , faster !|Nikola !
I admit , yes , in that case , we do not have a good history .|I am weak . It is like opium to me .
They cut my hair . Tell them to give them back to me .|I will order them , comrade .
Even when I promised God .|We shall make a pact .
We shall ?|To never gamble again .
To never gamble again .|I promise I shall never invite you to a game of cards ... Or any other form of gambling .
We shall keep it and be friends .|Yes .
Quickly , quickly !|Stop ! There is no retreat , comrades !
Then maybe I could let people be simple , good chaps .|As my father could .
As my father could .|I am too critical .
But ...|That 's Vampyro 's castle !
That 's Vampyro 's castle !|Grovy ?
That 's ... That 's really him ! Evangelyne was right ! Grovy ?|Grovy !
You may approach . It is not sacred .|It is merely a prototype .
It is merely a prototype .|I thought perhaps an exhibition hall .
I thought perhaps an exhibition hall .|It is ...
The bottle !|Let 's go !
Yugo ?|Yugo !
Riva ! Marija !|No , the doctor can 't help me .
I don 't know where they 're all gone , but being put aside like that is really getting on my nerves .|Totally agree with you , Az . That 's not how you should behave with your brother .
Yes , of course I am curious .|Oscar 's idea was born out of Christianity . That if you sacrifice yourself , you will attain the object of your desires .
I feel his wakfu , but he seems far away .|I don 't understand . He wouldn 't have gone without me .
Don 't panic . Sing a song . Fire !|Sumadija man , a song ! You start !
What is your idea ?|What would be his feeling ... If he woke up one morning , he looked out of his window ... And he saw a church ...
Let 's sing , the wounded !|Down with injustice and violence !
Remington , if I ever get you , I promise you a good spanking .|Is that how you expect to catch the other dude ? Well , still got a long way to go , cupcake .
Follow me !|Forward , black legion !
What is enough ?|Your inheritance .
Five weeks without even a game of Penny Poker ...|And now this .
And you must prevent that from happening . I rely on you .|Listen , I haven 't told you this yet , but you already know ; you are my best man and your division is my best unit .
They will fry . They will curse God 's name .|You don 't look well , girlie .
Bring the supporter , quick , quick .|Come on , boys ! Quick !
The brigades are waiting . Hurry up !|... . vigorously they step , heads up , on the meadow , full of danger , threat ... From the soul of the entire nation is rising a defiant scream of faith and hope .
It 's ... Bourlof the Butcher !|Yeah , that 's really me ! Did you miss me girls ? Err yeah , you ... life without you is less ... dead .
So ...|Mr. Hopkins , if you please .
Me ? But ... In fact ... I 'm not really what you think I am ... I knew it ! I had a bad feeling about that one .|Couldn 't you warn me guys ? Oh come on , you never asked . Also , even if we appreciate you , we 're still Shushus , right . We have to play some dirty tricks on you every once in a while .
When Oscar first talked of going overland ... he had not known there were six rivers to cross : The Macleay , the Hastings , the Clarence ... the Manning , the Hunter , and the Namoi .|He was sick with fear at the thing he had begun .
I wont eat it in haste . I 'll finish it later in peace .|Don 't start firing before I do !
So ?|What ? You 're not gonna trade me for that toothpick ? Alright , let 's trade .
Get those horses up here , man !|Move this thing !
Does your throat still pain you ?|It is not so bad .
The pistol !|Give it to him .
1st battery ... Fire !|Mine throwers , to your positions !
Oops !|No ! Oh , sorry ! I can be so clumsy sometimes ...
This wrist God made me .|How could I smite you ? That 's right , Father . Give us a sermon on the mount .
I 'm coming , Zika .|I 'm coming .
You could drop some ballast to help me out ! She 's way stronger than she seems .|Such a noble heart ...
Move away , I 'll do it .|Danica , over here .
Fire !|Dana !
Stop it guys , I don 't want to hurt you .|Let me go Ruel !
Get back ! Retreat ! Get back ! There is no retreat ! Attack ! To the bridge , forward !|Mr. lieutenant colonel , we 're surrounded . The partisans have attacked us in our back .
In truth , I have felt more sorrow to have slain a beast .|They were nice enough to leave us tea , sugar , and a billy .
Bombs !|Attack with the bombs !
I 'll take Bubba , Miriam . Alice , bonnet , please .|It 's tempting fate to have thrown away your widow 's weeds . Why ? I have no one left to mourn .
I want your planet to be my colony .|You harvest comes in seven risings of your red giant .
Shame on you !|Go !
Snipers forward .|Snipers !
Snipers !|Forward !
Forward !|Fire at will .
What 's wrong with you ? Why are you so gloomy ?|And you just sing . Sing and burn down .
Happy , you say ?|I 'll be happy , when there will be no wars and no cannons . Do you understand ?
From the most ...|Wonderful woman in New South Wales !
We all think that way sometimes . I have been demolishing , burning down , leaving ruins behind me for 3 years .|Sometimes I dream about bridges , that I will set up .
Sometimes I dream about bridges , that I will set up .|What can we do ! That 's how it is , my Slovenian .
Comrade . Look , comrade .|What a beautiful corpse !
Forgive me for my pride .|Forgive me for my ignorance .
This isn 't going to be just another planetary joy ride , you know . I know that , Nell . I 'll do my best not to let you down .|We 'll see . Anyway , I told them you trusted me .
We 'll see . Anyway , I told them you trusted me .|You 're okay . A little wet behind the ears ... The only thing we have to remember is that if we don 't make it , nobody else will .
This is my best friend , Bill . Bill fucked up . He trusted me .|Come on , honey , I don 't want to be late again . I haven 't even put on my goddamn makeup yet . Can 't you put it on in the car ? I don 't want to be Mr. and Mrs. Tardy . All right , you know what ? Don 't start with me . Jesus Christ .
Next week she 's marrying Bill . What are you doing ? Let me go . Let go .|What the hell was that ?
" In the midst of life , we are in death . " Of whom may we seek for succor , but of thee , O Lord ... " who for our sins are justly displeased ?|" Yet , O Lord God most Holy ... " O Lord most mighty , O holy and most merciful Savior ... " deliver us not into the bitter pains of eternal death . " Thou knowest , Lord , the secrets of our hearts . " Shut not thy merciful ears to our prayer ... " but spare us , Lord most holy ... " O God most mighty , O holy and merciful Savior ... " that thou most worthy judge eternal ... " suffer us not in our last hour for any pains of death to forfeit . "
Goddamn sink .|Right now , Gigi 's biggest problem is her plumbing . But by midnight it 'll be murder .
A dream , a lie ... a wager , love .|This is the story Lucinda gave to my grandfather ... and I give to you .
Showing my backside to those mutant sons of bitches . I can 't believe it ! You got no backbone , kid . When Zed was your age ... My job is to find mercenaries . And I 'm not Zed .|You bet ! Not even a pale imitation .
You bet ! Not even a pale imitation .|You know , I thought I did pretty well back there . I mean , you 're still in one piece , aren 't you ? Sure you did there , but at the contest for running away , you 'll be champion of the universe .
You know , I thought I did pretty well back there . I mean , you 're still in one piece , aren 't you ? Sure you did there , but at the contest for running away , you 'll be champion of the universe .|Why don 't you ... ? Why don 't ...
Why don 't you ... ? Why don 't ...|Just take me to the Hephaestus Station .
You 're still just gonna chuck it ?|You don 't think I tried everything to prevent this shutdown ? I went to Senator Kinsey twice . The second time he had me forcibly removed ! I went to the Secretary of Defence . Hell , I finally called the President himself ! What did he say ? That to override the Senate on this one would be political suicide for him .
Listen , Jim I 'm a little low on cash right now . Is there anything I can get anything I can do for you ?|I could use a glass of milk .
You 're warm ! Of course I 'm warm . I 'm organic . Haven 't you ever seen an organic form ?|No ! Except my father .
No ! Except my father .|What ?
What ?|There are only the androids .
Goddamn useless piece of shit .|How 's your cream , Jim ?
What would you like ?|A spit and a polish would do the trick .
A spit and a polish would do the trick .|Okay .
Right , the MALP 's on its way .|Should reach its destination in three ... two ... one .
You are welcome , Shad of the Akira .|Thank you , doctor . This is quite a surprise . I heard your story in the cargo .
Most do not contain Stargates .|Tel kol nok ! Hey !
It just figures that if God wanted us to wait until we were grown to have sex then he would have made us that way .|I want to make something of myself , Kip . God , I know it sounds crazy but I feel like I 'm special somehow , you know . And I don 't want to go getting pregnant before I get the chance to follow my dreams .
Forms must pray on other forms to survive .|That 's not what the Varda teach us . We pray on no one . Your planet is doomed . And I have other plans for you .
I don 't want to ruin your dreams .|I just want us to feel good .
Better get your hands off her , boy . Mr. Snow , it ain 't what it looks like . I was helping her with her ... I know what you were helping her with . Get on down here , little girl .|Hey , I 'm not a little girl anymore , Daddy .
Chel hol , Jaffa .|The end ofa dark moment in Goa 'uld history approaches .
Kip ! Kip ! Kip ! Daddy ! Get back here , little girl .|Get ...
You remember Cuba ?|You never forget your first sunset . So how 'd you ... ? How 'd you get out of there ? How 'd you get out of Cuba ? My mother . She sold her sex on the streets of Havana to get money to send me and my aunts to the States .
I do not have time for this . Don 't you have enough toys ?|He said you 're sure to be killed . I wouldn 't want that . Saunders , prepare the conjugal suite .
She said she would come , but she never did .|And then we came to Miami , and we meet a man .
Enrique .|And he take us here .
And he take us here .|He was a bad man . Made us promises , made a whore of my aunt and when he tried to do it to me , I escaped . And he found me . And him and Spence they did bad things to me .
The mighty warrior , Klorel .|Tel kol , Jaffa .
Kel Apophis .|Re nek KIorel .
Yes , wind . It 's ... It 's rather like your ventilation system in here . You know , rapid ventilation , but it 's different , bigger than this , but it 's wind . I 've scanned all these things in our data banks , but I 've never experienced them . Do you know there 's a form in the Black Galaxy whose children have no immune system till the age of five cycles ? That means that at the slightest trace of infection they would just rot like fallen fruit I have heard of them . The Huddite .|Who asked you ? When they reach the age of five cycles all the relatives gather together in a special room and they watch while the child tears and bites at his plastoid with its teeth and nails till it breaks out in the arms of his parents . Feels their skin for the first time .
You told me to bring you a lamb .|That was a metaphor .
Feels the wetness on their cheeks for the first time . It 's horrible out there . Forms preying on other forms . Death ...|Most of them never do develop immunities . They die shortly afterwards . But the Huddite still feel that the breaking out ceremony is very beautiful .
That was a metaphor .|What 's a metaphor ? A comparison not using " like " or " as . " By " lamb " I meant " girl . " A young girl . It 's just that ... You showed me that movie . I figured ... I mean , you said people get off on ... What you call it ? Bestiality ? Yeah . Exactly . So we brought the lamb .
I 'm too wasted for this bullshit .|Everything is going to be just fine .
They have replied to our ultimatum .|And ?
Jaffa , nok !|The traitor and his recruiter .
I don 't know what kind of game it is that you 're playing , huh ? But you better walk real fast before I put a bullet in your head .|Keep walking , bitch . I 'm walking . I 'm walking . Look , I 'm walking .
The traitor and his recruiter .|My father will be pleased .
Forward ho . Oh , God , I can 't understand anything .|God , please . That was not my cocaine . I don 't know her , I was ... I was just giving her a ride .
You have to listen to me , I can explain this .|Officer , please , this is going to ruin me . I 'm getting married next week .
Officer , please , this is going to ruin me . I 'm getting married next week .|Officer , please ?
You 're just lucky I haven 't got any ammunition left .|I 've never taken life before , Nell . The Varda says we can take life to save life .
Officer , please ?|What are you going to do now , puta ?
And I present ... the human that recruited him .|Hey , pops ! Silence !
You have made me proud , my son .|Do you wish that I keep them until our rejoining ? No . Teal 'c must suffer the most painful death a Jaffa can know .
Shit , she 's coming after us .|What are you doing ?
What are you doing ?|Shit , go .
I ... didn 't think , I just did it .|You had to , kid . You done fine .
Come in .|To what do we owe this honor ? I was in town doing some business , and I ... Wanted to you see your daddy ?
Of course .|Jaffa , rel toc remoc .
And Mom .|She 's watching TV , I 'm sure she 'd love to see you . Come on .
She 's watching TV , I 'm sure she 'd love to see you . Come on .|Mother , we have a surprise for you .
Yeah , you see , you 're fighting Sador .|Sador 's never lost a war . He never quits .
And your kind will disturb the Goa 'uld no more .|Sir , I think we have another situation .
See what I mean ?|Umateal .
I want you to know I 'm doing everything I can to get you out of here .|Here you go .
I guess Dr Jackson is lucky .|How so , sir ? He won 't have to watch his nightmare come true for a second time .
Okay .|Maybe you should say good night to Mama . We 're expecting guests . Having a little soiree .
We 're going to need weapons ... but we won 't know how to use them .|Yeah .
Skaara , don 't !|O 'Neill ! You must take action !
Daniel ? You OK ?|O 'Neill ...
Okay . My rig 's a hauler , not a fighter , but I 'll set up your ground defences .|Agreed ? Put it there .
I 'm hiring mercenaries for a great battle on the planet Akir .|Is that so ? What could this planet Akir offer me ?
They have the richest molybdenum deposits in the system .|Nice try , hot blood , but I 've already seen Akir and there is absolutely nothing on that planet that I want .
I have a friend who lives upstairs , he 's a handyman .|Once he gets these handcuffs off us you get to do whatever you want .
So , Sador lives , does he ? Your ship will need some repair . Quopeg , cut the Zime loose . We cruise for Akir !|We 're being pulled in by something . Feels like a magnetic net . Look , sector 2 .
What was that ? I don 't know . I 'll find out .|Mind if I .. ? Yeah .
Let me rephrase that .|You are not of a violent form .
We gotta talk .|Hello ?
Hi . Where 's Manny ? I sent him out for some pizza . Come .|Let 's paint that pretty little face of yours before he comes back . Oh , don 't worry about her . That 's just my wife . We 'll have a snack later . Come .
Let 's paint that pretty little face of yours before he comes back . Oh , don 't worry about her . That 's just my wife . We 'll have a snack later . Come .|Meddler .
Teal 'c , you told ... No you swore to the General you had no ties back there !|Why didn 't you tell us the truth ? A warrior becomes vulnerable ... if his family is held hostage to the enemy .
Coming right up .|Holy cow .
With or without you , O 'Neill , I must return to Chulak . Either way it 's suicide , my friend .|Within days my son will come of age ... he will be called to the religious life of our world ... he will undergo the ceremony of implantation . The prim 'ta .
Within days my son will come of age ... he will be called to the religious life of our world ... he will undergo the ceremony of implantation . The prim 'ta .|The day when a young boy receives his first Goa 'uld symbiote ... and becomes a true jaffa ... just as all other jaffa before him .
The day when a young boy receives his first Goa 'uld symbiote ... and becomes a true jaffa ... just as all other jaffa before him .|I take it you don 't want that to happen ? It is the means by which the Goa 'uld enslave the jaffa .
Everybody scatter !|Beam her up , Kalo . Beam her up !
I 'm hiring mercenaries .|I was told that there would be many on Nascosto .
You 're a little late . There 's nothing left but me and the lower forms .|What happened here ?
We made them nervous .|But you stayed .
There you go .|I don 't ever wanna hear from you again .
Is this the home of William Fox ? You know what ? Right , it was funny the first time and everything but ... I 'm not ... I just ... I can 't do two of you .|Excuse me ? Ma 'am , there must be some misunderstand ... I am not in the mood for two big black dicks flying around in my face , all right ? So why don 't you get the fuck out ? Calm down . Let 's try this again . Is this the home of William Fox ?
Come on Teal 'c ... don 't do it this way . I will risk no one 's life but my own . hy will you not let me return ? You know far too much about this command ... this facility , our defences . I can 't let that kind of knowledge fall into enemy hands . I will die before allowing that to happen . Dammit Teal 'c , that 's just what 's going to ... happen if you go through that Gate alone .|Which is why I am inclined to authorise a mission ... to return to Chulak and allow you to bring your son back .
What ?|Wait ... Calm down , now . I don 't understand what you 're saying .
I have no home , no family , no principles .|What else would I kill for ?
I 'm hiring mercenaries to protect against an invasion .|But food and shelter is all we can offer in payment . All of our wealth is in our culture .
Right . Shall we ?|I know this is difficult , but just to prepare you he 's been electrocuted , burned , so this ain 't gonna be pretty .
Plutonium , cadmium , Qualine crystals ...|I 've been very well paid for my work .
What does this mark mean ? I don 't recognise this .|This was the home of shol 'va .
I eat serpent seven times a week .|There 's not a major city in this galaxy where I can show my face or spend my wealth .
Me and everybody but you .|Right .
Right now your offer looks very attractive to me .|A meal , a place to hide .
I thought you might return in time for your boy 's ceremony , Teal 'c . Brave , but unwise .|If you were awaiting my return ... perhaps there are others ? Others don 't know you as I do . But I expected you to come alone .
We 're here on a mission . If you don 't want to be a part of it , just say so .|You choose your friends well Teal 'c .
You choose your friends well Teal 'c .|Though were I a hundred years younger ... it might not have been quite so easy .
Enjoyable fight ? But then all fighting is enjoyable . I have heard of your battle with the Malmori . I wish to join you . Oh yes ? What are you going to do ? Shoot blanks at Sador ? The Valkiri are great warriors . In our youth , we must leave home and fight in many battles until we have proven ourselves . Well you 've proven yourself to be a pain in the neck , so why don 't you just fly off ? But I wish to fight . My planet is in danger and you 're playing tag with me . Your ship is like a toy . You have no firepower . It 's one of the fastest in the universe . Well the Varda teach us that swift rain is little rain . But I want to join . But we don 't want you . We don 't need you and we won 't have you . So go count your coo somewhere else .|You were a little harsh weren 't you ? You saw her . She was playing with me . Yes , and she won .
Well , there isn 't really gonna be a next move because I already told her . What ? Why would you do that ? Because I don 't want to have anything to do with you anymore , Johnny .|What ?
What ?|Jesus !
Shad to Cowboy .|Chad to Cowboy . Come in , Cowboy .
Chad to Cowboy . Come in , Cowboy .|Cowboy , are you there ?
It was good , fine .|Everything went fine .
No one has ever defied the Goa 'uld and lived to tell of it .|There was much talk in Chulak of the warriors of Earth .
I 've got some help . We 'll meet in the Lambda Zone .|Is that real smoke you 're putting into your lungs ? Yep . And before you ask , it is the worst thing in the world for you .
Yes sir . We 'll be waiting . Good luck , sir .|If we are discovered ... you will be brought before Apophis along with us .
Okay . You should . Jane . Jane , come on .|It 's Mr. Grand .
As in a church bell ?|Probably .
Your parcel is wrapped and ready to be picked up and I must say , you 'll be quite pleased . It 's a very pretty little package . Pretty little package , huh ?|See , like I was saying this guy , Enrique , and a couple of his friends they put me up in the Hilton and they had their way with me all weekend . No ? No ?
Probably .|Haven 't been to church in awhile . Priest ! Stand aside !
Freedom Teal 'c ?|You have condemned your son to death .
I don 't like anyone behind me . Okay . You keep a scanner on our tail .|I always do .
I 'm only in this for Sador .|I want his head .
Mom what 's going on ?|Nigger this , bitch .
They were about to lift the banishment so we could return to the city !|So you want this more for yourself than for our son ?
Just ignore it . Maybe she 'll go away .|Well , you did all right , Shad .
Shit . What was that ? Gunshots , homes , from over there . Let 's go check it out .|Fucking bitch .
Fucking bitch .|Who 's the bitch , huh ?
Call for backup !|Dad . Come on , open up . I know you 're in there . Johnny , there are police all over the place out there .
Without the healing powers of the Goa 'uld he will die .|What have I done ?
I 'm no doctor , but I know scarlet fever when I see it .|Can it be treated by your Earth medicines ?
Can it be treated by your Earth medicines ?|There 's some vaccines , antibiotics . Come here .
Why are you all afraid ? I brought these beings to save your lives . This is not the way to greet them .|The Varda teach us to trust first and judge later .
The Varda teach us to trust first and judge later .|I 'm sorry for the reception you got .
This is what it 's about , Johnny . The American dream . The land of the free , the home of the brave , Johnny . It 's every man for himself .|You make me sick .
Welcome to our city , defenders of Akir .|The warning system is operational . The Malmori should reach us within a rotation and a half of this planet .
It 'll take more powerful drugs than I 've got with me . What of your Earth doctors ?|If we get him through the Stargate , maybe .
Bingo . Goa 'uld larva .|Here in the open like this , no guards ?
I 'm sorry , Dad . I 'm gonna have to let you go . Goddamn it , you hold on to me , John . You hold on to me . Johnny !|Johnny !
Well who on Chulak needs to steal one ?|We do .
Our job in the first contact will be to strip the big ship of its protection .|A vibration from the sensor to dig the ditches . Another three degrees .
We do .|Right .
Trenches , honey . We 're gonna have a war .|That 's it , right there ... We 're gonna create the galaxy 's biggest Malmori cemetery .
Daniel ? What are you thinking ?|Just that every single one of these infant Goa 'uld 's will one day take a human life . And all I have to do is .. If we kill them when they are as vulnerable as they are right now ... we 'd be no better than the Goa 'uld .
I could do wonders with that boy . I would recharge his capacitators , stimulate his solenoid . Tingle , dingle , dangle , prangle his transistors ...|You know , sex .
Guess so .|Flagship to Rear Guard 1 . Do you read me ?
Flagship to Rear Guard 1 . Do you read me ?|Kalo , Tembo , come in .
Kalo , Tembo , come in .|Could we possibly be out of range ?
Forgive me , my son|Forgive me .
Do you think these things need to be fed ?|Go , go !
Do you think you could show me the ropes ?|Ropes ? Well St. Exmin said ... Well she explained how on her planet ...
Ropes ? Well St. Exmin said ... Well she explained how on her planet ...|What do you do here ? I don 't understand . For procreation , I mean .
Let us talk of your companion , the man John . The senior Scientist tells me that he is making excellent progress . The final treatment will given today . Thank you . You are sad for the friends you have lost . Rejoice for the friend who is being returned to you .|Scientist , you will report to me on your progress . I will sir . Those poor people .
Treachery ... He keeps on saying the same things . A plot ... I must warn you . I 'm sure he 's discovered something or he 's overheard something and he 's trying to tell us . Yes , tell you ... warn you ...|You see ? It must be illusion . Our society is based upon trust ; treason or secret plotting is impossible . That 's rather a sweeping statement . But why should a Sensorite make any secret plans against anyone ? We have the perfect society , all are contented . Some people always want more than others . That is a human quality , surely . Perhaps . Rest quietly now John , it won 't be long .
Very well . I shall be listening . Stand over over him , stun him if he sends his mind to anyone other than the senior warrior .|Now send this thought : Senior Warrior , this is the Second Elder ... Go on , send it !
Now send this thought : Senior Warrior , this is the Second Elder ... Go on , send it !|Good !
Good !|He 's answering !
Go , go !|What the hell do we do now ? Drop and cover your head . This is gonna be close .
Does your species have kissing ?|Oh yes , we have that .
That 's a hot dog .|It comes from Earth . Try one .
Always remember how great your mom was . And always remember to breathe harder than others . Adios , much ...  : ... chacho . She 's got asthma , too .|LOUISE : The town with no moms was gonna have to go by a different name . Because of one mom , who saved all the moms , they named it Momtown .
Enter .|Tell your story . Sir , the second Elder is dead .
Now we shall know .|John ? John ?
Sir , something is approaching .|It seems to be very small .
Yes sir , thank you .|Well sir , the Doctor and I have discussed this poison business , and we are convinced that your water supply is being deliberately poisoned . What we propose to do sir , is to go down into the aqueduct , find your enemies and stop them .
John I ... I 'm so happy that you 're better now , so 's Carol . Well you can see that for yourself . Mm , she 's had a bad time . You know , I have a feeling that we 'll both give up space travelling when we get back to Earth . Oh and get married ?|Mm , she 's all I really care about .
This ?|This ! This ! Yeah , this ! And , the other cards ? I read , WINDY ... Yeah ? And there was a sudden gust of wind ...
If your name is not called , your fairy tale ends tonight . I need loser cam on rodeo queen , And i need camera nine to repo to evil britney . She 's gonna win this , people . Faith .|What ? What ? What ? !  Screw this ! Cut ! Cut ! I can 't make a television show without a villain .
What is it , Nell ? What 's the matter ?|I 'm okay now , Shad . I ... I received a transmission .
Damn .|Anna ?
Shad , did you see me on the monitor ? There was a drone right on my tail . I pulled out and he smashed into an asteroid !|Let me tell you something .
There is someone wishing for a contract with you . A girl . Her name is Sakura . Oh Key , grant her the power !|RELEASE !
I want you to cut rita tonight . Heard she 's been slamming me . I 'll make it worth your while . Who 's rita ? I promise . Um ... Okay . Great .|She 's around here somewhere .
I 'm sorry . I forgot about your Varda . I am from a warrior race . We exist for battle . Our creed is to live fast , fight well and have a beautiful ending . No violent ending is beautiful .|You 've never seen a Valkiri go down .
That 's a strong wind ...|Sakura !
No ! God !|You all deserve to burn in hell .
Bury it ?|That was our arrangement .
That was our arrangement .|A meal and a place to hide .
Why in my pajamas ? What 's the world 's only Cardcaptor saying ?|I can 't catch something that huge ! Why are you acting so wimpy ?
Do you want me to come with you ? Thanks , i got it .|Get those footprints .
Faith .|Will you continue this journey with me ? Yeah . Oh , wow . He 's really keeping the lumberjack . I guess he wants a buddy .
I might be able to do something ! Whatcha gonna do ? !|Sakura !
How many ships do the Akira have and what are their capabilities ?|If I told you that , I would give you an unfair advantage .
I thought I was gonna die ! Nothing less from the Cardcaptor that I scouted ! But I never said I would ! You 'll be a better adult if you have all sorts of experiences in your life !|Well , you did capture this card . Why don 't you try it out now ? What can this do ? Well , try it .
No .|I think you will .
JACKIE : Previously on Nurse Jackie ... You tell your nurses that Mike Cruz just hired a crew to expand the elevator shaft for a helipad . I kind of wanna go to public school . It 's closer to Dad 's . Okay , well , that 's certainly something we can talk about . That 's God . Vermin ! And he 's crazy .  You were supposed to be here .|You okay ? Allergies . When I get nervous , I act out with inappropriate sexual touches . It 's like Tourette 's . MIKE : Where did you get the drugs ? I don 't work at a hospital fucking a pharmacist . Promise me you 're not gonna fire her . I promise . I 'm fired ? I 'm gonna need your badge . And you 'll have to leave immediately today .
It is true we cannot tolerate pain . That facet has ended .|He 's dead , Lord Sador , yet he gave no indication of terminating . Just give me the arm . The arm ! Hurry !
Cut the arm .|We have failed .
While life exists , the possibilities are unlimited .|Shad ?
Shad ?|I never should 've brought you here .
Should you be doing that with two kids and a divorce ? Yes , I should .|It 's early . Why are we already packed ? St. Luke 's is diverting again . We 're the closest , so we 're the ones getting slammed . I 'd rather be busy so I don 't get sad . Or mad . So what did they do ? It 's hard to get fired here , believe me . Is he cleaning house ? Is he going to say anything to anyone about anything ? About me ? Just leave it alone .
You know what this place doesn 't need ? A tip jar . We 're raising funds for our friends who no longer have an income . Do you have an income ? I do . All right , we 'll put it in the supply room . No , you 'll get rid of it .|Okay .
Here sir .|What have we got ? I thought I saw something just as we came through , sir .
Teal 'c ? Did we score already ? I saw movement as well . This way .|I hope these things are as big as you say they are . There is enough tranquilizer in these darts to knock out a Rino . They are very large , but extremely maneuverable in the air . We will find them most vulnerable when they hover . Hover ? Like a hummingbird ?
He 's bringing out the stellar converter .|You pretty thing .
Fire on the planet .|I said fire . It won 't fire . It has been damaged !
I said fire . It won 't fire . It has been damaged !|I am St. Exmin of the Valkiri . It has been a very enjoyable fight .
I am St. Exmin of the Valkiri . It has been a very enjoyable fight .|" Live fast , fight well and have a beautiful ending . " All drones protect the formation . Retreat behind the sun .
I can 't watch this . Coop , you have a minute ? Come here .|I need you to take this in and not freak out . Gloria and Eddie were fired last night .
Rotate engines 180 degrees .|Well , well .
Sador , this is Cayman of the Lambda Zone .|Turn around , you overreached degenerate and we 'll bump heads .
Fine .|Oh , that 's beautiful . What are you ... You two , out .
Sir , we 're not prepared for an attack ! Have the ordnance we 're caring is tranquilizer guns . So we use one of them to knock him out . He will wake up in a holding cell without his guards , without his technology , ... he will have no choice but to tell us everything we want to know about Goa 'uld technology , ... about where Sha 'ra is . Can I remind you that we don 't know where the Stargate is ? He will have the Goa 'uld homing device I spoke of . There you are .|Alright , you know what were up against better then anyone , ... can we do what Daniel is talking about ? We have the element of surprise , I have my staff weapon . If we eliminate his personally guard quickly , I believe so .
I 've gotta get him . He 'll come back with more ships . We 'll never be done fighting . I 'm no match for his force field , Shad . I don 't care , Nell . I want a shot at him .|If we go for him , he just might open up . Shad .
If we go for him , he just might open up . Shad .|Give me full thrust , Nell . Think of Varda , Shad . What is the first law of the Varda ?
Jack ?|What ? God . It 's okay . What the hell was that ? It 's okay .
So is mine .|Ah ... hello .
I got you now .|Oh , no .
Ah . Hello , Tosha . Can you tell me how you 're feeling ? Awful . People get these all the time ? I can barely keep my eyes open . I 'm sorry . It 's all right . Any other discomfort ? No , it 's just ... It 's like now I have a headache that goes from here to the back of my neck .|You a smoker ? Yeah . Off and on . Then my mom got sick , so , you know , I got back together with my Parliaments for comfort . How 's your mom ?
Um ... sorry to drop in on you like this but we were ... dead .|Do you know where our friend is ? Another like us .
Ah ... fruit .|Nothing like coming back from the dead to build up an apitite .
Nothing like coming back from the dead to build up an apitite .|Ah ... Oh , thank you ... thank you very much .
Shad ? I don 't know a Shad . Her motor functions are intact , but I 'm getting nothing from her memory banks .|Who 's that girl ? You 'd better switch to manual . Zed . Is Zed there ? I 'm switching to manual , Nell .
I 'm gonna wait for it .|What 's up , God ? I hope you have a permit for this . This is New York City , man . Everything you see belongs to me . I don 't know why I asked you that . I don 't work here anymore . Habit . Washington Crossing the Delaware . Not my favorite , but it 's nice . Hey , don 't look yet . I was gonna put you in the back of the boat , but now I 'm putting you up front . Thanks , man .  Oh ! Hey ! What is that ? A nail . Construction site on the roof . Helipad . I 'd forgotten . You know what ? Nails fall from the sky , don 't look up . Come on , let 's go . HR .
Be careful , God .|Can I get you anything ? No , I 'm all right .
I want them taken aboard alive .|Akir is mine .
Oh , God , it 's my dad . I 'm sorry . We don 't allow phone calls back here , honey . Please , he 's not used to being alone . I 'll be quick . Go ahead . Take the call . Hi , Daddy . Wait , slow down . She just lost her mom . Her dad 's on the phone . She 's going into surgery . Nobody 's trying to piss you off .|If she needs anything , let me know .
If she needs anything , let me know .|What ? Just , Dad ... Dad ... Hold on and I 'll be right there .
What ? Just , Dad ... Dad ... Hold on and I 'll be right there .|Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Can you take this out ? I have to leave . No , you can 't leave . No , he fell on a walk and he didn 't even call me . Now he 's at Bellevue and he wants me to pick him up and take him home . Can you have someone take me over there ? You are being admitted for surgery . No , it 's just 10 blocks away . There 's nobody else who can get him ? No , he can 't be by himself . They were married for 40 years and now he 's all alone in a hospital . I can 't ... I can 't ... All right , let me see what I can do .
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Can you take this out ? I have to leave . No , you can 't leave . No , he fell on a walk and he didn 't even call me . Now he 's at Bellevue and he wants me to pick him up and take him home . Can you have someone take me over there ? You are being admitted for surgery . No , it 's just 10 blocks away . There 's nobody else who can get him ? No , he can 't be by himself . They were married for 40 years and now he 's all alone in a hospital . I can 't ... I can 't ... All right , let me see what I can do .|Her dad just got released from Bellevue . There is no one to pick him up . Can we send somebody over ? We 're not social services . She 's going up to surgery . You asked me to tell you if she needed anything . Look , she 's your patient , not her father . You 're either on the floor or you 're gone . Take your pick .
Hey ...|Teal 'c , thank God .
Please tell me you know what 's going on around here . I cannot tell you that . What about Apophis , you got a line on him ?|I do not . Any idea how far away from the Stargate we might be ? I believe us to be ...
They 're fairly human . I will take you to your doorway .|Whoa .
They 'll be able to board us . It won 't make any difference .|There they are , at the forward deck . Get up there . I want them alive . Go !
I can 't leave .|No , don 't look at me like I just dropped your dreams on the floor . You know what he looks like . You know where he is . You want things to be different , you handle it .
Like you 're me .|I think I was too honest . See ? And I think I wasn 't honest enough . These Quantum Bay guys , they know what they 're doing . I 've never seen a cute girl in HR . Then all of a sudden , I 'm at my exit interview , I 'm talking to Jessica fucking Rabbit .
I think I was too honest . See ? And I think I wasn 't honest enough . These Quantum Bay guys , they know what they 're doing . I 've never seen a cute girl in HR . Then all of a sudden , I 'm at my exit interview , I 'm talking to Jessica fucking Rabbit .|You want to look at your severance check ?
You want to look at your severance check ?|Do you ? 
I 'll surrender , you sorry son of a mutant .|5 , 4 ...
Whoa .|You understand what I 'm saying ? It took time to learn your speech . Not much time .
I can 't believe it . We really did it .|But St. Exmin , and Cowboy , Nanelia , The Akira believe that no form ends until all the lives that it has touched are ended .
He is like him .|He 's with us . Perhaps you can convince the injured one to join you as well ?
Over here .|Everybody out of the truck . Over to the ammo dump . Get the hell going in a hurry .
Ekebwe and Cruz got it covered .|Oh . You know , you haven 't told me the name of the baby . I know . I 'm worried that if I do and you love it , then I shall start to hate it . What if I keep my face neutral ?
Please don 't be a gent . It 's really disorienting .|Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Where are you going ? The Quantum Bay guys are in town . So who am I supposed to talk to about getting half a dozen temp nurses in here to help out ? We 're not there yet . Look around . We 've been there for an hour .
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Where are you going ? The Quantum Bay guys are in town . So who am I supposed to talk to about getting half a dozen temp nurses in here to help out ? We 're not there yet . Look around . We 've been there for an hour .|Mike Cruz .
Cut it out , Stuckey . Act like a soldier , you damn dumb son of a bitch .|In the real world do you do something useful or are you like the rest of the men in the 2nd squad ? I work for Petramco . Chemical engineer . College man .
Oh . Hey , get your stuff . Come with me .|Wow , is that Gloria ?
Excuse me .|Alright , do you know this ... Shak 'l ? He served in my command when I was first prime of Apophis .
We 're going up ? We are .|All right , how 's this for a canvas ?
What say we take ' em down the bayou ? Yeah , I can deal with that , the way my back feels . We might make Catahoula tonight . Put them women under martial law . What women you talking about ? Spencer 's running some ladies . He 's got some skirts waiting for us .|It 's all set . Noleen and her bayou queens . Just a little something for morale . Really ? Let me add , sergeant , that these women are expecting some ... small unit military penetration .
Well , we can 't just walk away . I mean if we hadn 't attracted Apophis , he wouldn 't even be here . And we can 't kill him either .|I wasn 't considering it , I was just stating a fact . Okay , we will take Shak 'l back , ... it 's not quite as good as having Apophis , but he can 't stay here . Apophis will not allow to leave this world alive . You have challenged him , and I have betrayed him . Even if we were to locate the Stargate , ... leaving this world will be difficult . So where back to square one . We can 't leave Shak 'l here and we can 't get him back to the gate , without running in to Apophis . Okay , will try and learn everything we can about the Nox , ... it 's part of why we came here right ? In the meantime , I think you better check on your friend . Whatever we end up doing , I don 't think he is going to wake up in a very good mood . Know what I mean ?
I don 't think we should take the canoes . They 're not ours . That 's right , they 're not ours . Let 's get in ' em and take off .|Hold on , fungo . Nobody gave you an order . How else are we gonna get there ?
Thank you . Don 't touch anything . Just draw . And I 'm sorry you had to start again . I made the world in six days . No big deal .|Could be .
Maybe you got a point there , Reece . Hell yes , let 's move .|Wait a minute , Reece . How are the rightful owners gonna get those boats back when there 's no other access to the far shore ? Hell , we only need three of them . They can use the other ones to get ' em back . A little R R never hurts . Catahoula , here we come . What d 'you say , sarge ?
All right , get those steel pots off , hook ' em on your belts . Shape up now .|Shape up , Stuckey . Get in the goddamn boat and look like soldiers . Come on , Bowden .
Could be .|Morris ? Yes . Hi , I 'm here to bring you to your daughter Tosha . Is she all right ? She 's fine . She 's , um ... I sprained my knee . Sorry I 'm a slowpoke . Should we get in a cab ? No . I never take taxis . Never . Terrible drivers . Terrible .
I shall rest , ... strengthen by the thought of the reword I shall get when I present your head , to Apophis .|The time of Apophis , will soon end . And on that day , I will return to our world , ... and offer freedom to all Jaffa .
And my back hurts . And I just want to be holding my baby on the outside .|See , this is exactly what I wanted to talk to you about . Hey , Jackie . I 'm tired of being depressed . So I was thinking . What is that ? A bag of candles , but I changed my mind . Oh , God . I was thinking we could do a candlelight vigil , kind of get everyone together . But then you see it on the news and it 's so depressing . So then I thought , lemons into lemonade . Drum roll , please .
Is that where you get your medicine , the forest ? We get life from the forest , ... from everything . But you must have medicine .|Or you must have some knowledge that we don 't have , I guess what I 'm saying is , we could learn a lot from you , I really wish that we could be friends with the Nox . Friends share knowledge with each other .
Yes , you have much to learn .|Well , why don 't you teach me now ?
Lemons , lemonade . It 's nice . I wonder if he learned that at camp .|The crosstown traffic 's a bitch .  Shouldn 't be more than 10 minutes late .
Make that 20 . I 'm getting out here . And then some days it 's not exciting at all . How are you doing , Morris ? Pretty damn good . Hey , hey , hey , hey ! What the hell 's going on ? Oh , no . Don 't worry . He 's not from our hospital . He 's from another hospital . What ? They released him . I just met him on the street . Yeah , you tried pushing one of these ? It 's insane .|So where are we going ?
Well , ah ... you look great .|Thank you .
Turkey . Turkey meat , turkey skin , cracker meal , turkey fat , salt .|Smokes made it through the water , huh ? Yeah , I saved a pack . Lucky , huh ?
If you give me the ammo we 'll drop it right here . Otherwise I 'm going to turn your ass in . I don 't give a shit what you s ... Quit fucking around and give him your rifle .|Now .
Right , of course .|Ohper is 432 years old . Well , guess what ? They 're not human . No , they 're humanoid , ... but definitely more advanced than anything that has evolved on Earth . That creature that we came here for , it has no power at all . None . Zip . Well then , how does it become invisible ?
I understand your frustration . Look at you , sitting there , getting some relief . Must be nice . Peyton , a little help over here . You don 't need my help . Look , I need you all to wait in the other room , please . We 'll wait right here . Keep breathing , asshole .|You want him there ? I want him gone .
Thor ! Will you escort Dr. Cruz up to pulmonary ? And if he faints , will you please carry him ? You know I will .|Get out of here .
What he cannot possess he destroys . So , we 've gotta get Shak 'l out of here . We will not allow you .|Will you stop doing that !
You become visible during the ceremony . When we are performing the ritual of life we are unable to shield ourselves . A weakness .|We are hidden again .
What the shit is that ? This Cajun got himself a couple of mink this morning .|Goddamn !
This boy 's a poacher . We poached the poachers ! Hey , Lonnie ! Yeah , he shined his last gator .|What the hell 's going on here , Casper ? We got ourselves a prisoner .
Any nuns ?|Three nuns .
Three nuns .|Missionaries from South Africa .
Missionaries from South Africa .|Were they in the missionary position ?
This is where the Stargate should be .|We sent your enemy through the doorway .
That dumb shit Bowden . Demolitioned that damn shack , we lost everything we captured . Yeah , could have worked as a signal for this bastard 's relatives to gather round . You don 't think we 've got to worry about these coon asses , do you ? Hell yeah . But I know who 's got to worry about a lot more than me and you . You don 't have to tell me .|They think you boys are bad luck . They might be right . I been hanging round niggers my whole life , I haven 't got a break yet .
Am I the kind of person to misremember our relationship as something more than it was ? Michael Scott , you are here for a postmortem .|What ?
I 'm sorry about that incident back there . Guess I was a little ... over emotional .|Yeah , you could say that . You could also say you were totally out of control . I 'm sorry , but I admired Sergeant Poole a great deal . I liked him a lot . I hope that that 'll excuse my ... excessive behavior .
Say , coach ? At the risk of a punch in the mouth ... Don 't worry about that , Hardin .|Why d 'you paint the cross on your chest ? You know the avenging angel and all that ?
Sorry to disappoint you , coach .|If you 'll excuse me , I think I should apologize to the rest of the men .
I used to think that she was the one . Or at least a " the one . "|And if I called that one so wrong ...
And if I called that one so wrong ...|Herpes , like all STDs , is a consequence of sex . Can anyone else name any other consequences ? It feels unbelievable .
Herpes , like all STDs , is a consequence of sex . Can anyone else name any other consequences ? It feels unbelievable .|I guess we can make a pros column .
The ability to express love physically .|It 's a magical thing .
You find it curious ?|I met an Asian man yesterday , near my house .
Lonnie ! Agh ! Lonnie .|Goddamn !
That 's not him .|I 'll let you work . Are you going through the forest ?
So you work with ... Yogi ? Yoctido . Yes . I 'm his assistant .|How does one become assistant to a Japanese film maker ?
I 'm just a city boy . What 's going on here ? I haven 't the slightest fucking idea . Except we ran into some people that are real weird and I think maybe they 're trying to kill us . Because some asshole fired blanks out of his damn machine gun . Yeah . Because a bunch of assholes stole some boats .|Yeah .
The shoot begins in a month , in the house and surrounding am .|Have you ever heard of Haruki Nozaki ?
Look at them bastards .|It 's like a steel pussy .
It 's like a steel pussy .|Hell , man . What kind of women you been hangin ' out with ?
Abstinence .|I didn 't realize we were doing trick questions .
And you ?|You live here ? No . I just moved here .
Now , you listen to me , Spencer , and you listen real good . Tomorrow morning we 're heading north with the prisoner . The man who killed Crawford Poole , the man whose buddies killed Tyrone Cribbs . In case you 've forgotten , Spencer , they were friends of ours .|Now , let 's all get unpacked and bedded down . No fire tonight .
You all right ? Yeah , I 'm OK .|You know , you might be right about the trapper .
Why the hell didn 't you say anything ? Maybe I can 't believe any of this shit , that 's why . Oh . Well , let me know when you start . Look , the problem ain 't what the hell I believe in or don 't believe in . What is ? How long we 're gonna follow this dumb bastard , Casper . Looks to me like he 's leading us round in circles .|And ?
Maybe we need a new leader .|You volunteering for the job ?
You gave me quite a start !|Sorry .
You can read my writing ? Yes . Without any trouble .|You don 't find it too ... impossible .
You don 't find it too ... impossible .|Actually , yes .
What the hell are you doin ' , Reece ? This man 's gonna talk to me .|Let him up . You stay out of this .
Ready ? No . But y ... yeah .|Let 's see what we 're working with .
Let 's see what we 're working with .|Keep in mind it 's pretty cold .
Sure . Now are you happy ?|That 's the second time you asked for it with me . This time you 're going to get an answer . About time I paid you off , cowboy . How about I blow your fuckin ' head off , Reece ?
Did I tell you that the last pages of his manuscript are drawings ?|No .
Sure . Why not ? Oh ! Yes . Great . Oh , you 're a lifesaver . All right .|Ha ha . Thank you .
He 's dead .|Reece is dead . Looks like your prisoner got away , Casper .
T ... to ... To ... Hey , look , two virgins are hitting it off . I wish I was still a virgin . Worst night of my life . Ahem . Mm .|Chug , chug , chug , chug , Chug , chug , chug , chug , Chug , chug , chug , chug , Chug , chug , chug , chug !
We 've had three casualties . We 're not going to have any more . Survival is a mental outlook . If you 're not prepared mentally to overcome all obstacles and hardships , the chances of you coming out alive are greatly reduced . We 're getting tired of listening to all this , Casper . Goddamn you , Spencer , I 'm trying to do my best . I know you are , Casper , but quoting the manual to us isn 't helping much .|You think you could do any better ? Yeah , I do . But I 'm the team leader . You 're not even a corporal You 're just a PFC . Hey ! I 'm getting tired of this damn crap . I 'm with you , Spencer . Casper , you ain 't never going to find that fuckin ' highway .
Then I 'm with you .|Hardin ?
You 're dead , aren 't you ?|Yes .
Thank you . What 's that red dot mean ? It means it 's sold . First piece tonight . Bought it myself . Paid a pretty penny for it , too . I 'm telling you , the camera loves you . Do you really think that ? I think that . I know that . Let 's go somewhere after the show . We 'll talk about it . I can 't . I have an early aerobics class . Another time , then .|Yeah . I 'd like that . Okay . Yeah . Okay . I 'm going to hold you to that . All right .
Yes .|You shouldn 't stay here with me .
How 's your arm ? It 'll be all right .|Look , for what it 's worth ... I know Reece was a real son of a bitch . I don 't wanna talk about him . Yeah , well , maybe it was self defense . Look , let 's just drop it .
I 'm really sorry .|Ali 's well , I assure you . I didn 't hurt you ?
Simms !|Simms !
Ugh . You concentrating in there ? I 'm gonna by me an orange . An orange ? Work camp in Dakota . A fella give me one . It was like eating a color in juice form . A fruit right out of Eden itself . Inside , it 's already sectioned up . A fruit divided into bites for you ... it 's like it grew for man to eat it .|Almost makes you think of the creator .
Hey ! Down here !|Over here !
Oh , we know it 's coming our whole lives but it 's always a surprise .|Bullet from afar .
I didn 't know bears lived here .|Actually , there were three of us , but a hunter killed his mother a few clays ago .
Let 's go .|Stuckey !
Anyway , your French is very good . Far better than mine .|The same goes for your Slovenian .
The main thing is that we understand each other .|Do you understand me now ?
Oh , a skirmish in Buenos Aires .|Me being a man and the enemy being men , too , in the midst of battle , it 's kind of like telling one elk from another .
Lost way more blood on those two , but the damn thumb ...|You know , the prehensile thumb is what allowed early men to use tools . It 's what distinguishes man from ape .
Yes .|Incredible . What 's incredible ?
Can you stay a few clays ? I 'd like to , but I must be back tomorrow .|The printer needs Haruki 's drawings as soon as possible .
See them peaks there ?|Well , that valley between there is protected from the wind . There 's a shelter there . It 's made of logs and bark . Abandoned by the tlingit .
So soon ?|Oluy , let 's spea k French , even though I didn 't wake up bilingual .
Boy , it 's a great state you got here , Spencer . Sent out one fuckin ' helicopter . What do you want them to do ? Send out the National Guard ? Civilian in peace , soldier in war , I am the Guard . Bowden ?|Hey , Bowden . You wanna talk ?
Hey , Bowden . You wanna talk ?|Hey , coach .
It was Goodman . Wasn 't it ?|A murderer walks amongst us . That 's not God 's plan .  What makes you think he 's got a plan ? Hmm ? You don 't have to say it . You don 't have to break the bond . Just nod .
I mot been ... Bears ? Two Slovenian been ... very cultivated ... a bacilli ! young woman who fell from the sky , a lake bathed in sunlight , a hill that looks out over the world , and ... a young man who passed through the invisible .|I 'd like to see you alone .
I didn 't moan to were you .|Haruki ?
Five years .|Happy ? Hmm ?
Me ?|I just can 't help but play my cards around you , for some reason . Listen ... There 's some things I got to do . Don 't you give me the " soldier going off to war " speech . I seen that look as soon as you walked in ... the killer look .
As in happily married ? Yeah .|I like her . She 's got a good sense of humor . What 's it to you ?
I like her . She 's got a good sense of humor . What 's it to you ?|I just thought if I got outta here and you didn 't maybe I 'd look her up .
Then he pointed his rifle at Yoshido .|Yoshido took a revolver out of his pocket ...
I tried to talk to him . He won 't answer .|I 'll try again . VVait for me .
I wanna live .|I don 't know how I 'm going to do it but I 'm gonna fight my way outta here .
There will be more to come . You don 't just switch jobs with a man like the Count . You 're the one with the gun . You can do whatever you want . With him , he 'll just get more men .|I get the feeling there 's an idea percolating somewhere in there .
Plano ...|A m . "
Martin ? Are you okay ? I feel very tired .|Shoo my coma , I ... fall asleep .
Oh , and incidentally , you 're to release Soapy Smith , as well . Soapy Smith is a documented con man .|These mining camps you see around you ? They 're just scraping at the gold . In a few months , real companies will be here to mine the area hydraulically . And that has what to do with Mr. Smith ? Nothing . It has to do with you ,  Your role here . You and Mr. Smith are both gnats .  But necessary gnats . In some ways , Mr. Smith is more necessary than you . He 's the middle man , isn 't he ? Gathering up claims on the cheap before the big companies come . You 've done your Bible studies , haven 't you ? The good book has a great word that perfectly describes your position .
A Splash ? Yes , a splash . I was worried .|I didn 't hear a splash . Nor did I.
SEE YA LATER , BUDDY .|OOH , ICE CREAM !
" Abide . "|Superintendent ?
I didn 't hear a splash . Nor did I.|Curious .
I brought some food for your prisoners . I thought they might be hungry .|They 're not really going to be hanged , are they ? I have an order .
We shared excellent sandwiches .|I made them . Bravo .
The problem with whores is we just want bedrock ... something certain , something good , to get us out of the mess that we 've made . I thought you , on that day , riding in with that spotless red jacket ...|Anyway , I know you 'll do the right thing . Wait .
Hello .|Hello .
HOT ENOUGH FOR YA ?|YECH ! THIS IS EXACTLY WHY
WAS IT BRAINS ?|I THOUGHT SO . ZOMBIES : BRAINS ! SCAREDY , DAVE : DAVE : I CAN 'T DO IT ANYMORE .
No , a little further over .|Like this ?
He walks slowly out 0f the house .|He walks t0 ward the forest .
OOH ! OOH ! OOH ! NO DAVE . JUST NO . ZOMBIES : HONK ! BRAINS !|OH NO , SALLY !
Is it difficult ... To get blood out ? You can get the blood out of most things . Except silk ... I don 't think ...|A man come at me . They do that , don 't they ? Men . They come at you .
OUT HERE .  LOOKING . ZOMBIES : BRAINS .|AGH ! ZOMBIES : BRAINS . SCAREDY : RUN !
OUR CUSTOMERS ! BRAINS ! AND THEY SEEM SO EAGER . THEY AREN 'T CUSTOMERS , THEY 'RE MONSTERS ! NONSENSE . ZOMBIES : BRAINS .|ON SECOND THOUGHT ...  TIME TO SHUT THIS DOWN .
ON SECOND THOUGHT ...  TIME TO SHUT THIS DOWN .|AGH ! ZOMBIES : BRAINS ! THIS IS FUN . DAVE , NO ! I 'LL SAVE YOU SCAREDY . ZOMBIES : BRAINS !
They distract themselves from their sins , but we see them . We see what they 've done .|Like wolves , we 'll pick away at them around the edges ... take the weak , reduce their number .
What the hell ? ! We got shot ! Hand me my rifle !|Wait up , God damn it ! They 're coming for the bracers !
Now we 'll do something I wrote . " Soul Full of Blues . "|Singing my own songs made me happy . But I was the only one .
Singing my own songs made me happy . But I was the only one .|Nobody cared . Especially Thomas .
Watch out !|Now I 'll mime " hope . "
You did a great job !|The concert is over now . I 've got your bass . Dammit . That asshole sold me crap a few days ago . Oh , dammit .
BRAINS !|HE 'S FINE .
Kill him . Shoot him yourself .|If only you had a gun , huh ?
YOU DON 'T KNOW !|BRAINS !
Let 's go ! Come on !|Well , this is a bit of a predicament . You come near me , I 'll kill you .
You only have one fridge . Q.E.T. It 's D. Q.E.D.|Know what ?
ONE OF THEM !|I DON 'T KNOW . I KINDA LIKE HIM
I say we work together .|Ow ! Or we could do that . We do that , if you want ... we can turn this into a fight . Killing you 'd take too much energy . Oh .
OK for tonight .|This is very good . The head office is in London . I travel there at least twice a month . Twice a month ! You spend all your time there . How do they feel about your alcoholism ? They 're really cool . As long as I don 't spill wine on documents . I 've even negotiated vomit breaks .
This is very good . The head office is in London . I travel there at least twice a month . Twice a month ! You spend all your time there . How do they feel about your alcoholism ? They 're really cool . As long as I don 't spill wine on documents . I 've even negotiated vomit breaks .|Lucas , there 's a guy in your living room .
TURNING EVERYONE INTO ZOMBIES , THEY 'RE JUST HOT ! I THINK WE HAVE A PLAN .|OKAY , RELEASE THE ZOMBIES .
BRAINS ! BRAINS ? PERFECT !|TIME FOR A COOL DOWN . SALLY , OPEN THE DOORS !
Hyah ! Hyah ! |Hyah !  Bring him down !
TO ZOMBIE ? ZOMBIES : BRAINS !|SCAREDY : IT 'LL WEAR OFF , RIGHT ? I MEAN , IT 'S GOTTA WEAR OFF . BRAINS !
I love you . I love you too .|Is it him ? I don 't think so .
Thomas ?|Everything 's OK . I 'll get you a painkiller . Thank you .
DO IT WITHOUT NOTICING .|( SPRAY HISSES , PANICKED SCREAMING ) WHAT ?
The RATP must have given you a raise .|The car . It 's not mine . I borrowed it from a friend . A very rich actor .
WHERE DID EVERYBODY GO ?|AGAIN ?
Keep on !|Mary , that 's nowhere near enough . I know . It takes time to heat . There is no time ! Coffee service from the kitchen , tea ... anything , Mary , just go ! Go . Go ! Now you stay with me . Grab everything .
I adore improvisation .|I got a cheap flight to London . Then the Eurostar . It 's very quick .
POWER OF SMELLING SWEET .|PENGUIN MAITRE 'D : AH , BONJOUR MONSIEUR SCAREDY .
This landscape relaxes me .|Thomas , violence was never the solution . Never . Sure . Can I wash my hands ? Sure . There is a wide range of towels in the ... Towel area .
Hey old boy , I hope you didn 't piss in the sink . No . I 'd prefer the toilet . Where is it ? This way . Follow me .|Stop limping . Stop limping , dammit !
More , goddamn it ! He 's dying . More ! Haskell . Haskell ! Go ! |Whoa !
NOT USED TO THEM , DARLING !|GORGEOUS ! GORGEOUS ! WHY OH WHY DON 'T SKUNKS
WEAR PANTS MORE OFTEN ? WELL , WE CAN BUT ...|DON 'T SPRAY . DON 'T SPRAY .
Sure ... thing .|Sure thing what ?
Stop limping . Stop limping , dammit !|You can take care of the rest yourself .
You don 't value your life enough , throwing it away for revenge .|You got too much good in you .
Hey , old guy .|Lucas .
Yeah , you are .|Somebody 's gonna .
What 's up with this weed ? It takes effect pretty quickly .|Good weed is like good wine . It gets better with age . I don 't think it 's having any effect . Think so ? Really ?
Dammit .|They 're so stoned . Dammit , I 'm blinded by your white skin . Are you albino ?
AGH !|SCAREDY : INCOMING PATIENT . MEDICAL ASSESSMENT REQUIRED
HMM . INTERESTING . MIND IF I TRY SOMETHING ? HOLD THESE .|CAN YOU BELIEVE THEY KICKED ME
You 're forgiven .|You 're dying , ain 't you ?
Should pickles be blue ? Shouldn 't we eat out ? Did life in India turn you into a sissy ?|OK . Let 's go to a restaurant .
Near to it . Hey , you want in on something ? Dawson City , it ... it 's done . Go home . Now , see , that 's what I 'm getting at , see . Now , what if I was to tell you that I was privy to a new rush ? An even hotter one ... nome . Well , just try saying a few hail marys on the way up . Well , thank you , Father . I actually feel better . Well , then , maybe my trip up here wasn 't a complete waste of time . What ? Nothing . Father , I hope you didn 't just say what I think you just said . 'Cause if you ain 't got no hope , no one does .|Thank you , Father .
FOR A DOLLAR , MA 'AM ?|IT FEELS LIKE I 'M WALKING
That 's not good .|Don 't drink that .
Shit ! That burns !|LUKA AND HIS LUMBERJACK LOVER
NIGHT BUDDY .|LEFT .
LUKA AND HIS LUMBERJACK LOVER|CHEATING ON HER WITH A MAN
Sundown did this . He turned over the whole claim .|And they got the gold . All of it .
I had 48 hours left to play the role of a nobody . Then Thomas would return to India . And I would play the Olympia .|Dammit !
FOUR MINUTES HE WILL POP ! WHERE 'S THE SOUP SECTION ? POP ? POP ? NO , SOUP .|SCAREDY : I 'VE GOTTA STOP THIS ! WHERE IS THE SOUP ?
You 're talking about his career ? Yeah . He 's been very successful . You can tell it 's his calling . Thomas , let 's go . I have to work tomorrow . See you soon on the 42 . OK . I can make it . Nice to meet you . Bye .|What were you saying ?
What were you saying ?|Lucas . What 's your real job ?
IN BUSINESS BABY ! YEAH !|AH ! NO ! I MEAN GREAT !
THAN THAT . |BUTTER ?
Bill : If they 're hanging him for the death of my friend , they got the wrong guy . Oh , they got the right guy . He murdered a mountie . Justice will be served . Tlingit might disagree .|You 're a worldly man , Father , but sometimes justice doesn 't just need to be justice . Sometimes justice needs to be seen . Pity you , killing for another man 's agenda . No . You put two of my men in the ground . And I lost men , as well . Who wins ?
PERFECT ANGLES ? PERFECT SPACING ?|PFFT , YEAH , THESE ARE OKAY , I GUESS . DAVE : ARE YOU KIDDING ? LOOK AT THEM !
EXTRA CHUNKY ALMOND BUTTER !|THAT 'S OUR NEW STACKINATOR . I JUST SWITCHED HIM ON
No one 's ever imitated a frog as well as you .|Thomas , I 've lied to everyone . To you , to my fans ... I 'm giving you all I have . I 'm going back to the RATP . I hope that , some day , you can forgive me .
AND IS A COOL ROBOT ?|WHAT ?
SOMETHING I SAID ? NESTOR : I AM ZOLTAR , RULER OF ALL THINGS !|HEY , NESTOR . AGH ! WHERE DID YOU
Hike !|Father . I apologize , but I don 't have the energy for a sermon . Well , that 's okay .  What 's going on ? We 're fitting you for a coffin .
Not to be too crass , but that picture just made you a lot of money . You 'll no longer be Head Superintendent of last chance outpost ... you 'll be commissioner of a far larger department . Development 's coming now . Bigger population , more tax revenue to pay dutiful men like you . Not me . What ? The state can 't pay a man if he 's no longer in their employ . You 're ... what ? You 're not ... Tendering my resignation .|You 've done the hard stuff , Superintendent . You 're quitting at exactly the wrong time . I can 't just find another lawman . You and I , we have a shorthand . Well , that 's the problem ... that I could have a shorthand with a man like you at all .
Can I show you something ?|I called the police , hospitals , the forensic medicine institute . And now , bus depots ?
Here , take them . They 're of no use to me .|Well ... there . Now you have your next album .
MORE LIKE IT .|SCAREDY : SCAREDY , WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE ?
SCAREDY : SCAREDY , WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE ?|AND WHAT IN THE NAME OF TORN
Well ... there . Now you have your next album .|I can 't .
Good evening .|I 'm not Luka .
What 's wrong with him ?|It 's just like the Duke to be late . He 's always paraded himself as my equal , when Savoy is little more than a pimple on France 's chin . A strategically important pimple , Sire , the vital defence against Spanish influence on our border . I 'm aware of that , Cardinal .
Nope ...|A sieve . That 's a different matter .
A sieve . That 's a different matter .|It may be . A sieve ? It may be a sieve .
YOUR PROGRAMING ?|THERE SHE BLOWS !
Pass me salt ... and bread .|Jancis , don 't stare .
Just like an animal !|What 's the problem ?
.. I owe him my life .|If this gets me hanged , I 'm going to take it very personally .
If this gets me hanged , I 'm going to take it very personally .|This is your doing ! Why would I seek the Duke 's death ? I want your word this is not another of your deadly games ! I know how your mind works , your endless tricks and deceptions .
DRIVER : THIS STOP . STASH ' N HOARD .|DRIVER : HAPPY HALLOWEEKEND , EVERYBODY . WATCH YOUR STEP .
You run around during the day and you feel sleepy in the evening . Flowers , trees bloom in summer , they provide berries and apples .|They work and they also need a resting time . When they 've had a good sleep ... just look at them in spring ...
I can do it ! No , you can 't ! Let 's bet on your hair . Fine .|If I hit I will pull three strand of your hair . Alright .
HAS NEVER BEEN WASHED !|WHO KNOWS WHAT GERMS WAIT
Athos . Porthos . Report to the palace in the morning . As long as the Duke is in France , his safety is now your responsibility . And be vigilant . The assassin is still out there somewhere .|Hey .
OKAY . FOLLOW ME .|DON 'T SEE ANYTHING . LOOK CLOSER ! THIS WASHROOM HAS GONE
A deserter ? Deserter and assassin . I 'm guessing they didn 't mention that part . Failed assassin , technically . Oh , you can keep quiet . I don 't want to know . But I trusted you . D 'Artagnan 's not to blame . He behaved with honour . Honourable people don 't lie to their friends . Apologies for the deception . I 'll leave immediately . You can stay .|But you can pack your things .
TO KNOW THAT .|PREPARE YOURSELVES FOR THE MOST TERRIFYING
Go on , go on ! There are big black currants in that corner .|That 's none of your business !
If you 're not satisfied , I 'll do whatever you suggest .|There 's somebody you should speak to first . I found him in a bar , drunk and bragging about killing Musketeers .
OF SLEEPING . I 'LL JUST GET STARTED .|ONCE UPON A TIME , IN AN OLD CREAKY HOUSE , LIVED AN OLD CREAKY GHOST .
OOH !|WHO KNOWS , THE GHOST MIGHT
Right here . To the masters ' room ?|Come closer and greet the young master .
Come closer and greet the young master .|Look . Step closer .
GHOST ! HERE ! HERE ! HERE ! HERE ! HERE !|THAT 'S IT . I 'M DONE .
Unlimited time to reflect . I almost envy you .|Treville is a patriot , a man of honour . The charges against him are ridiculous . We heard accusations , not proof . Then we 'll find proof . There 's no " we " here . Aramis , you were there . You saw the butchered bodies . You don 't need to remind me .
IT IS HOT IN THERE !|RELEASE THE ROPE .
Out of the water ?|Sure thing .
Don 't say anything . Maybe you 'll see a tailed star . People say you can see them sometimes in the morning .|It is a big big star with a long tail .
Wake up ! Jancis , wake up !|You 'll see the tailed star ...
You 'll see the tailed star ...|Wake up already .
What are you doing ? You told me to pack my things . I killed a man for you , yet you still don 't trust me . I was trying to protect you . I don 't want protection . I want to be treated as an equal . Well , I made a promise to Aramis . So , you chose him over me ? It 's not that simple , OK ? There 's a question of loyalty .|I 'm sorry . You 're right . You 're right .
I won 't make the same mistake next time . Next time ?|Well , I was hoping that you might change your mind .
Well , we do need the money . And I swear I 'll never lie to you again . I hope not , cos next time , you 'd be out on your ear .|And ... .. I 'd miss you .
I can 't tell you how sorry I am . Is someone talking ? I didn 't hear anything . Oh , no ! Dad 's lost his hearing ! No , you idiot ! I 'm ignoring you ! You made me miss the last moments of Bea 's life . I 'll never speak to you again ! I have no son !|Oh , Bea .
Sorry . I assume you 're joking ?|Will your man win ? Athos is the best swordsman in the regiment . That 's not what I asked .
Casino !|Come on , everybody !
Where 's your home ? Where 's your home ? I 'll teach you ...|Well ... animal has just as hard time parting as man has .
Everything should be there . The movers were working all week , bringing all the rooms together .|How did they know where to hang the photos ? I told them . If something 's in the wrong place , we 'll fix it .
Athos ! Agh !|Shall we say nine o 'clock in the morning ?
That was foolish . You could have been seriously injured . I just wanted to wipe that smug look off the Cardinal 's face . If he 's been lying all these years about Cluzet 's disappearance ... I have news .|What is it ? I have come to apologise . I was overzealous .
Yes , Homer , I have .|Come on in . Dignity 's on me , friends .
I can feel Bobby in this house . Annie , the reason we moved up here ... I know , I know .|Moving away from the city isn 't the same as moving away from the memories .
Moving away from the city isn 't the same as moving away from the memories .|He 's always going to be with us . Annie , honey , yes , in our heads but not in the house .
You are mistaken . What motive could a Musketeer possibly have for wanting to kill the Duke of Savoy ?|Did you hear all that ? I saw the scar too .
Marsac was right about the Duke . That doesn 't mean he 's right about Treville . Perhaps we should find out what Monsieur Gontard really knows .|Your prisoner ... describe him .
And you think he still doesn 't like it ?|Expecting anyone ? No . Find a spot for the photo and we 'll get a new frame tomorrow .
Tall . Long , dark hair . My height or taller .|Pale . Prison has been hard on him . He 's the right age and build . It could be Cluzet . Who 's he ? Doesn 't matter . Anything else ? There is one more thing . He wears spectacles , little round ones with horn rims . Is that important ?
Watch the bottom step .|Whew .
Who have you been speaking to ? It doesn 't matter . What matters is the truth .|Leave ... now and I 'll spare you a court martial , and that 's giving you a choice you don 't deserve .
You have potential , an important amount of sensuality , but if you don 't let it flow it 's as if it didn 't exist .|There is no sin in art .
There is no sin in art .|Think about it .
You know what I mean . Yeah .|I still feel something here .
Ah !|Ah !
You may be content to do nothing .|I 'm not .
That 's what I 'm trying to be . And what type of actress do you want to be ?|I don 't know .
I don 't know .|A complete one .
What happened ?|What 's that smell ?
What 's that smell ?|Smoke .
Annie , they 're here . Annie !|She 's driving ? ! That 's , uh ... Progressive . Be good .
You can 't trust him at all , you know .|I have no such intention . How devious you are . It 's one of the things I admire about you .
How are you holding up ? I 'm just really glad you 're here .|Paulie , how ya doing , man ? Sorry . Just a little work around the house . Salt of the earth . Way to go , man . Oh , now this is living ! How are you , Paul ? Good , May . How are you ? You know , Harry is coming out later with his girlfriend . Yeah . It will be good to see him again . He and Bobby sure were ... inseparable . They might still be . That 's why we wanted him here . Bobby was so wonderful . We think about him all the time , Annie . Thank you .
What else do you admire ? No . Now you 're fishing for it , and I won 't indulge your vanity .|Mama , where are you ? Coming !
Are you sure this place doesn 't freak you out ? Hey , when you 've been around kooks like my folks as long as I have ? No way .|Let 's see . " Kiddos , early dinner at Buffalo Bill 's " on Central Avenue . Stop by if you 're hungry or make yourself at home . Icebox is stocked . " Love , The ' Rents . " What do you think ? I just want to relax . Let 's just eat here . Deal .
I guess they don 't see a lot of new faces around here . Well , I think we should try to avoid pissing them off . Apparently they have a history of going all mob justice on the new faces .|It 's really a nice place you picked , Paul . What are friends for ? I 'm just going to enjoy my meal now . Watch my back .
Close your eyes .|And don 't move .
Take a glass of wine with me , Madame . It 's been a long time since I had such attractive company .|Please don 't pay me compliments , Monsieur . I don 't want them . If I were d 'Artagnan , I 'm guessing you 'd be a lot more receptive . Don 't touch me . Is one kiss too much to ask for , for a man who 's been alone for so long ?
Baby , what are you doing ? I 'm in the cellar . Door 's in the hall .|" What ? ! " Yeah , I heard a sound . I thought maybe a raccoon or something was down here . Of course , you would find the creepiest place in this house . Is it just me or is it , like , majorly hot down here ?
The role is yours .|The arms hanging at the sides of the body and the breathing lowered . You breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth , like this .
The arms hanging at the sides of the body and the breathing lowered . You breathe in through the nose and out through the mouth , like this .|Let 's turn the head . We breathe in .
I guess Harry and his girlfriend didn 't make it .|Ah , they probably just stopped for the night .
And now we 're going to close our eyes and we 're going to imagine that there 's a white screen , all white with a small black hole , and you 're going to enter through that black hole .|You advance towards it .
You advance towards it .|Good . You turn to your left like a pinwheel .
Yes . Ha !|What do they know ? That my orders fell into the Duke 's hands , that our men were betrayed . Can 't you control your own men ? They want to know the truth . It 's a matter of honour . Honour ? There 's no word in the language more likely to cause stupidity and inconvenience . You do realise what 's at stake ? Of course I realise . Then handle it .
You think you 're entitled to an explanation , but this is not your concern . You and the Cardinal , as thick as thieves . 20 dead Musketeers . That makes it my concern . You think I won 't have you arrested , that you 're above the normal laws of soldiering ? Did you betray your own men to the Duke of Savoy ? You are meddling in complex affairs of state . It 's a simple question . Did you do it ?|Yes .
Let me go , please ...|Keep quiet ! C 'mon , stop it !
Keep quiet ! C 'mon , stop it !|Please !
No ! Don 't take me ! Please ! Don 't take me !|No !
No !|I can 't breathe ! Help ! Help me !
No , we 're all closed up ...|Oh shit .
Yes .|This isn 't over .
What will you do now ? Report Treville to the authorities . He 'll face a court martial . With the Cardinal involved , it won 't even go to trial . We have to act , Aramis ! Handle this ourselves . I 'm a soldier , not a vigilante . If you want justice , then this is the only way .|It 's not my way .
On ! Oh , I ... Sorry . I mean , I thought we were getting comfortable . No , it 's cool . Just wasn 't expecting you to be so relaxed with the policy . Yeah , I 'll smoke outside .|Sorry I took so long . I was feeling the most unreal energy in the hall . Yeah , no , it 's total unreal , right ? Are you comfortable ? Yeah .
Hello ?|Jacob ? Do you need something ?
Jacob ? Do you need something ?|May ?
Hello .|What 's your name ?
No ...|Hello ?
Such urgency , Your Grace . Are you finally ready to sign the treaty ? There 'll be no treaty , Cardinal . Not now , not ever .|Might I enquire why not ? Because France is a nation of liars and cheats . I appreciate a melodrama as much as the next man , but an explanation might help clarify things .
Yeah , I , uh ... You what , Paul ?|I saw something , too .
It 's a pleasure .|Where are you going ?
You mean Cluzet ? You know him ? Not exactly , but we know where to find him . The Duke is on his way to find him right now . For the sake of France , he must not discover him . Many lives are at stake , including my own . We can 't stop the Duke entering the prison . Yeah , but ... that doesn 't mean he has to find him inside .|Stop there .
Order them to let me in . Oi !|Hurry up ! All right ! Whoever is supplying you with information is mistaken . Stop now , before you embarrass yourself . Ah ... ! Which way ? Down here ! Tell them to open the doors . If it will satisfy your curiosity .
Look at me ...|No .
I love you .|Oh , no , no , no . Can we take your car ?
Come on , man , sit .|It felt like the weight of the world , just crushing my soul . God ...
Cluzet ! Cluzet !|Here .
Come here .|Come here , honey .
This house welcomes his spirit and asks him to join us .|And with love and compassion , we will help him cross to the next realm ... and peel ... the skin ... off ... his ... bones . What did you say ?
Shh . Good boy .|Treason has to be paid for , Captain .
Why , he 's right ! Dug up some devils while you were out .|What happened ? This town is what happened .
I 'm going to blow you to hell . But first ... I want to know why .|Put your gun down , Marsac . Whatever the Captain has done , he will account for it at a court martial .
When I was a little girl , something very similar happened to me .|I was playing at home with my uncle and suddenly I felt like I was somewhere else .
The Duchess . You sold us out to save the Duchess ? Cluzet was a Spanish spy . He began to suspect she was passing us information . We had to distract the Duke and snatch Cluzet before he exposed her . 20 of our friends were murdered . I was misled !|The Cardinal allowed the Duke to believe your mission ... .. was an assassination attempt .
They opened something awful and it needed a family . I love you . Please , fight it . This is my house .|Ah !
One thing you should know .|I love my husband . Very much .
I love my husband . Very much .|Young Louis Amadeus is a fine boy . He will soon make an excellent ruler of Savoy . Not yet , Cardinal . The Duke is still a strong man in good health . Accidents happen , Your Majesty . One must be prepared .
Young Louis Amadeus is a fine boy . He will soon make an excellent ruler of Savoy . Not yet , Cardinal . The Duke is still a strong man in good health . Accidents happen , Your Majesty . One must be prepared .|Don 't snatch at the trigger . Your arm 's far too stiff . I 'll show you .
Go . Go .|It 's not much ...
The smells , the sounds , it was very real .|You were dreaming . That 's it , it 's over . You 're here with me .
You were dreaming . That 's it , it 's over . You 're here with me .|You were talking in your sleep . You said " Milena " , who is that ?
G ' Go ! O , go , Ah !|Ah !
Ah !|Ah !
Don 't worry . He 's made this shot a hundred times . He 's drunk . He 's never made it sober .|Five , four , three , two , one !
I don 't know what 's real anymore .|I remember you .
I remember you .|This place .
Ah !|Dagmar !
Stay calm , it 's normal , it happens to me too . Sometimes I dream about my mom and my sisters , and I 'm there with them and I 'm happy , and I wake up and I 'm here , and it was a dream . But you know , it 's like that , as the day drags on it starts disappearing and a few days later it 's gone .|It 's this shitty place . We 're going to leave soon .
Don 't be afraid , Mom . I 'm here .|They 're still here .
Well . What do you have to say for yourself ?|It was my birthday .
Sir ! Sir !|Lt. General ... What is it ? The King ordered you a royal minister to bestow poison upon the deposed queen What ? How could this be ...
We have to escape before The Gardener chooses another one .|It 's impossible .
Don 't count me in . You know you can 't . What do you want me to do ? What are we going to do ? I don 't know , but you can 't be out of it .|Let me go !
It was my birthday .|The party was over , so I took a walk .
Hey , everything 's okay .|Open your eyes .
Open your eyes .|It 's okay , breathe . Look at me , you 're okay .
If he takes the throne ...|Don 't worry about it Nothing bad will happen
What brings your sort to this part of town ?|I grew up around here . It 's my birthday . Many happy returns ! How old are you ? No idea .
I grew up around here . It 's my birthday . Many happy returns ! How old are you ? No idea .|I don 't know when I was born .
One day is as good as another to celebrate .|Get this fine lady a drink .
I 'm so sorry All of sudden , the horse ...|Even the horse doesn 't want to go to the deposed queen 's house Why else would a horse jump like a mad man ?
How dare you be so insolent while carrying out the King 's order ?|I deserve to die , sir
Slowly .|There we go . Stay calm .
Captain , make her drink the poison now|Do it now !
Do it now !|Stay away ! How dare you approach me !
Stay away ! How dare you approach me !|You 'll disobey the King 's command ? Make her drink it now !
So , where are we ? The Court of Miracles .|This is too dangerous . We should turn back .
Let me go ! See how she ended up ?|You 're going to end up worse .
I 'll drink it myself|Your Majesty ! Your Majesty !
You have to save her . We can 't do anything .|She 's with The Gardener .
She 's with The Gardener .|And who 's The Gardener ?
You wretches , you shall pay for this|Your Majesty
Your Majesty Are the court ladies coming this way ?|Yes , they are Don 't tell them you saw me Yes , Your Majesty
Though you forgot about us a long time ago . I didn 't forget .|You really don 't remember whether you killed that man ? No more idea than you .
He 's a client who enjoys the girls ' pain .|Roxy !
You know that if you don 't help us you 're as much of a bastard as that murderer , right ?|You know ?
I 'm going in to find him .|Look , Porthos was drunk . I 'm sure it was an accident , but ... what if he 's guilty ? This is Porthos . You understand ? Yeah .
I told you I don 't smoke .|I want a mirror .
I don 't know .|What Lola told you ... She 's not right .
You two are together now .|Ah , it makes sense . I 'm happy for you . You had your chance , Porthos . If you wanted Flea , you should have taken her with you .
You think I didn 't try ?|Rest now . Tomorrow we 'll get you out of here .
I can 't leave .|We 're both locked in .
We 're both locked in .|Why can 't you leave ?
What could they mean ? This is " geum , " which means rash This is " soon , " meaning meek This is " ho , " meaning good Refer to women ? A rash woman , a meek woman , and a good woman Do you have any ideas ?|No
I 'll be back .|We 've got a visitor .
It must be that stupid spiritual master again|It 's been 14 years already Anyway did you really meet him ?
I didn 't fit here .|We should get you out of those clothes . Someone might mistake you for a gentleman and slit your throat .
Even if that 's true , you 're 40 and you still haven 't gotten married because of that old man Do you even look at girls ?|And how could you think of quitting your job ?
It 's windy .|It 's going to rain .
Today 's my last day of work I 'll leave tomorrow morning What a fool you are !|I can 't forget those eyes
No !|Get me out of here ! Open the door !
Can you think of any reason why someone would kill your son ? Any grudge or argument ? Jean is ... .. was a man of conscience and honour , he had no enemies .|May we see your son 's rooms ?
It 's not anyone 's fault , it happens . Before or after , but it happens .|We have to get out of here .
We have to get out of here .|It 's over .
Bring me the garments Yes , Madam|Madam , I 'm your servant Myeong What is it ? I have something to tell you Come in
That boy .|What if I did kill him ? If I killed someone , I 'd know . Either way , we have to get you out of Paris . It 's that or you hang .
I 'm asking you what this is about|It 's about the food the King ordered to send to his grandmother
No .|You could always try knocking . That 's true .
Okay , let her come .|This way .
Isn 't it a special dish from the Royal Kitchen for hypertrophy ?|Yes , but Lady Choi 's adding wolfsbane root and cnidium officinale with garlic
Bought from a mill outside the city three weeks ago . It carries his signature .|Sermons And Prayers by Pastor Ferrand .
She didn 't do anything .|I 'll take care of it . Go to work . Go !
You . You were the best thief here . And you enjoyed it .|Ah , maybe .
Yeah , the thrill , the danger .|The brotherhood .
Ah , and then I found those things somewhere else .|A brotherhood with honour .
A brotherhood with honour .|So , there 's no honour amongst thieves ?
No , that 's not what I meant . Your Musketeer brothers . Where are they ? And where were they ? At the Chatelet this morning .|They 're my friends , Charon . Yeah , you believe that if it makes you happy .
What 's this ? It 's a face powder from China I 'm only a servant here If you keep on doing this I 'm going to tell the Head Lady I have no other intention but to pay you back in gratitude Please do receive it|What 's this ? Isn 't this face powder for Chinese women ? You must be so happy Myeong , share it with me
I would remember , no matter how much I drank .|It 's nothing . I 'm fine . Why would someone try to kill you ? How do you know it was me he was aiming at ?
Untie her|Do you acknowledge your crime ? What crime are you talking about ? I will ask you again Do you acknowledge your crime ? Madam , what is this about ? Please tell me ... why you 're treating me this way How dare you play innocent ! Madam ! What is a court lady ? A court lady is a woman of the King who must be careful in speech , conduct , and maintaining dignity and you must not make eye contact with any other men These are the laws in the Royal Palace I know that , ma 'am and I 've always fulfilled my duties You 've always fulfilled your duties ?
Unless you 've become intimate with him who could explain these ? Madam ! That isn 't true ! Truly , that isn 't so ! Shut up ! Tell me what you saw four days ago|I saw Lady Park and some man ... entering the warehouse together at night
What you 're saying doesn 't make sense . Are you hearing yourself ? Yes , it 's true . Laly exists and I have some sort of connection with her . Babe , what 's going on ? You 're obsessed , look what you did to your hair . What 's going on with that play ? Enough of that . I left the play .|I 'm telling you , there 's someone who looks just like me and they 're looking for her .
I 'm telling you , there 's someone who looks just like me and they 're looking for her .|How is it possible that there 's someone just like you ?
Why would I do such a thing ? Maybe because he was a Catholic who intended to blow your Protestant church to kingdom come .|And why is that funny ? Jean was not a Catholic . He was a committed member of this congregation .
And why is that funny ? Jean was not a Catholic . He was a committed member of this congregation .|A Huguenot ? Well , his father is a prominent Catholic , a man who hates Huguenots and urges the King to act against them . Monsieur de Mauvoisin only converted to Catholicism to win favour at court . Before him , the family were Protestant for generations . Jean didn 't find selling his conscience as easy as his father did .
Could you leave me alone for a while ? Yes , of course . Of course .|If you need anything , I 'll be here . Just call me and I 'll come , okay ?
Thank you for taking care of her .|For everything .
Do you have any other children apart from Laly ? No , it 's just us three .|She never talked to you about a girl who looked very similar to her ?
Her parents abandoned her , they left her in a garbage can .|They told us that it could be traumatic for her , so we decided not to tell her .
Oh , don 't worry . I 'm an old hand at this .|Right .
May I come in ?|Please have a seat
Don 't worry Laly , we 're going to find her . I 'm not Laly , I 'm Milena .|Such a long time not knowing about her ...
I don 't know ... We don 't know what to do .|Laly !
It 's ink .|Not in this one . There 's the gunpowder .
Don 't worry . Thank you again|I 'll say bye now
What are you doing here ?|There are three of us , Pastor . Then you are outnumbered . I have God on my side . Oh , I do hope he 's good with a sword . You lied to us . You were in a conspiracy with Jean de Mauvoisin . Conspiracy ? I have a large congregation . This printing press is the only way I can stay in touch with them .
Thank you , but I have no money It 's all right . Go right ahead|I gave her pure rice porridge as requested , so give me the money
Huh ...|This is Jean 's name . But it 's not his handwriting . It 's his father 's .
It 's hard work You think you can manage ? Yes OK , then|You look so pretty When did you come here ? Please stop it
Stop .|Do you hear that ?
Who are you ? I 'm here to see Lola .|I 'll open the door .
What 's this ? What 's a celebration without something to drink ?|This is good stuff . Where did it come from ? Friends . Must have cost a fortune .
I 'm with Laly . We came to look for all of you .|Who ?
He gave me the characters referring to those women|The first was the deposed Queen Yoon and the second woman is you He said you would die because of me
The red door is on the left , at the end of the hall . It 's not that easy though , there 's an old man who walks by all the time . You have 15 minutes until he walks by again .|I 'm going to get you out of here .
Help ! I need help . Please , help me !|Are you okay ?
Why ? Give me money , do you want to help her or not ?|He wants to stay another half hour .
I 'll ask you again . Is this your handwriting ?|Yes . Acquiring gunpowder without a valid licence is an act of sedition , punishable by death .
What are you doing ? Put that down !|Didn 't you hear what the boss said ?
You 're too late . My men are already at the Court .|I 'll light the fuses . Keep guard and kill anyone that gets in our way .
Hello ? Who is this ? I 'm with Scout Team Seven ... One of the teams looking for Sol ? Yes , but you shouldn 't worry about him anymore , he isn 't a problem . The mission was very successful . Who is this ? Do you know if there 's any way to turn off the giant torture machine ? A funny thing happened . Cleo isn 't there ?|Cleo , no , Cleo 's away at the moment . So this machine ... You tell her the deal is off .
Cleo , no , Cleo 's away at the moment . So this machine ... You tell her the deal is off .|That was the most useless conversation I 've ever had in my life .
Fuck ! Hide !|What the hell is going on here ?
I don 't suppose you know who that was . What did they say ? Can I have some assistance ? Maybe , answer my question . Ahhh ! They asked for Cleo and said the deal was off . Not much of a conversationalist , are you Cleo ? You stole my call ! Half the world 's dead , look where we are , and I get my call stolen ? What are the odds ? Perhaps they 're regrettably higher than you might expect . This is just funny . Ahhh , I fail to see the humor , Senorita . Can you hand me that bolt over there ?|What are you supposed to be ? Please give me the bolt , it 's right there . Just hand me that bolt , get the bolt , please , right there .
You 've got Sun Disease . Why didn 't you protect your eyes ? You must not be from around here . Just kick the bolt in my direction ! It 's looks like you 've got steel in there , that 's rare . Did someone from Paradise City make that for you ? Ahhh , lady , give me the bolt ! Well for that we 'll have to work out an exchange . Afraid I don 't do favors for inconsiderate people .|I apologize for skipping the social niceties of introductions , I would love to learn more about you , you seem like a very interesting person , but if you don 't give me that bolt , I 'm going to die ! Well obviously you 're gonna die . Horrifically from the looks of things . How can a bolt help you ? I 'll show you !
I did .|When I find out who the old man was , I can prove my innocence . I can 't leave Paris now . Let 's get these fuses cut , make the gunpowder safe .
What will you trade me for it ? Maybe you can tell me how to find your friend from Paradise . Ahhhh !|I came from Paradise . I can get you inside if you want . You 're from Paradise ? Yeah . Huh , how would you get me in ? It 's hidden , no one on the outside knows how to find it . I do , I stole an access card , I can give it to you . An access card ? Ahhhh ! It 's a Presidential key . It opens any city gate , you can walk right in . And right back out ? Sure , what , are you planning a robbery ? My plans really aren 't your concern .
I came from Paradise . I can get you inside if you want . You 're from Paradise ? Yeah . Huh , how would you get me in ? It 's hidden , no one on the outside knows how to find it . I do , I stole an access card , I can give it to you . An access card ? Ahhhh ! It 's a Presidential key . It opens any city gate , you can walk right in . And right back out ? Sure , what , are you planning a robbery ? My plans really aren 't your concern .|Impressive . Well thank you , lead on .
The exit 's that way . Take these , I took them from the old man .|What about you ? We 're not leaving until we kill everyone .
You were in the wrong place at the wrong time , Porthos .|Why did you have to go back to the Wren ? The old man , he argued with his son . He shot him . And there you were , the perfect scapegoat . So , why save me from the noose ? We ran these streets together .
Cockroaches ...|Cockroaches ...
De Mauvoisin 's men ! Get them !|They mustn 't get to the gunpowder ! Hey !
What the hell is wrong with this individual ? Cleo , shoot it !|Now ! What , you 're out of bullets ? ! You said you weren 't out of bullets ! I never said that ! It was a direct implication . I thought you could read my face , you 're an arrogant bastard . Oh don 't you criticize me ! Don 't yell at me ! I 'm not yelling at you ! Yes you are !
Welcome to my empire of dust .|Flea loves this place .
I 'm nobody special . Just a regular guy .|I have a good job .
I 'm a photographer , I get to travel to some cool places . Meet some cool people .|But I 'm ordinary . Much like you , I expect .
Because I travel a lot , I 've had plenty of time to think about my plan .|My Plan Z.
I 'm not like you , Charon .|That 's why I left .
Would you consider this normal behavior ?|There are more Creatures out here , so maybe try not to get your ass kicked next time , yeah ? I did not get my ... I 'm breathing , he 's not , that 's conflict resolution . I got a whole arm made out of conflict resolution !
That 's why I left .|I 'm a Musketeer .
Who are you , who is that man there ?|Cleo , oh I 've heard talk of you .
My full confession , completely exonerating your Musketeer .|I have a brother who will inherit my place as head of the family .
When the Government tell you not to worry , it 's time to worry .|Rule two . Wherever you have planned your Plan Z , get there as soon as possible . Familiarity with surroundings is a huge advantage and means your plan , made for a certain area , can be even more detailed and exact .
Timing is critical , essential , it may save your life .|I live in Dunfermline , in Scotland . That 's where my plan is to be actioned from .
The sooner you can identify what you 're dealing with , the better prepared you can be .|Rule three . Arm up .
You know it 's doomed , this place ?|It 's only a matter of time before the Cardinal gets around to destroying your world . And that 's not true of yours ?
It 's only a matter of time before the Cardinal gets around to destroying your world . And that 's not true of yours ?|Let 's just enjoy what we have while we have it .
So this Catherine , she means a lot to you ?|You could say that . Good .
Never even crossed my mind . Did you ever think we 'd abandoned you ?|Never .
Stop !|Woah ...
I cannot believe we walked into this without setting anything off . We were lucky . I 'm sure they 're all duds . You have no idea what you 're talking about . I don 't have any ... Which one of us thinks that this is a bomb ? Cleo ?|What are you doing ? I want these . Where could you possibly wear those ? There 's one main city left on Earth , it 's hidden underground , and no one goes out to eat ! I like them , go to Hell . You 're being irrational ! I am ? You don 't protect your prosthetic arm in the dirtiest part of the world ? Yeah , that 's irrational . It 's not a prosthetic , it 's a deadly weapon .
Outside .|Forgive me , for I have sinned . What is your offence ?
Ah , shit ! That silly sword bitch broke my goggles . Keep your eyes closed . Yeah , thanks . Let me see . Let me see them ! No , you break everything you touch . No I don 't . Let me see them . Ah ... What was that ? Uh , your goggles made a noise . Wait , where are you going ? Come back ... look , we 're surrounded by bombs . Just don 't move .|What was that , did you just break my goggles ? No , but I did happen to set off one of these extremely hazardous duds . Relax , nothing bad is going to happen .
Agh !|I didn 't get a chance to say it earlier , but thank you .
I didn 't get a chance to say it earlier , but thank you .|I left my phone on in case anyone called .
What was that , did you just break my goggles ? No , but I did happen to set off one of these extremely hazardous duds . Relax , nothing bad is going to happen .|Oh shit , Cleo !
Why do you think I always go on holiday at Christmas , Bill ?|I 'm an orphan .
Help me !|No !
This was no ordinary kidnapping , was it ?|Meet me at Bonacieux 's house .
Hey , I think my mind is playing tricks on me . When I first opened my eyes , I thought I saw a girl . Yeah , that 's Sun Disease . You were just hallucinating , don 't worry about it . We keep finding these . This one was just killed .|Thought you could sneak up on me , eh ?
Just leave me alone .|Father Duval ! Don 't go in there !
Father Duval ! Don 't go in there !|Don 't go in there .
I don 't wanna talk about it .|Okay ... What ? Would it bother you if I don 't do this with you ?
You are banished for life on pain of execution !|You tried to steal my throne !
With any luck , she 's not on vacation . She travels .|What kind of a situation is it to have half a boat , I mean really , everyone else has a whole boat . It really really depresses me to think every time that I ... oh , okay , you 've killed it . Very good , Arthur , but you 've killed it , you don 't have to kill it anymore . Arthur , put the oar down , hunny . I might need to talk with her for a minute first .
The plan only gets us so far .|Survival . First and foremost , yeah .
Abandon me now and I 'll die ! Someone is trying to kill me !|Please ! How can she just appear like this ? ! Why does she insist on provoking me ? ! I suggest Your Majesty demonstrates his magnanimity by sparing her life . How can I ? She was warned . If she ever showed her face in Paris again I would cut off her head ! Decapitating one 's mother is rarely popular with the people , Sire . It always looks a touch ungrateful . The threat she faces must be very real if she 's prepared to risk her life by coming here . But we will find these assassins , Cardinal ? I can 't have people running around trying to kill my mother . Not unless I tell them to .
Celebrating my last day at the old job .|I was celebrating with ...
Her gracious Majesty has survived one attack only by God 's grace . We are too few to withstand another attempt .|His Majesty 's decision is final .
Father Duval found me a place . What of your husband ? He was a simple man , kind and decent .|We met and fell in love . Look , it 's her !
She was the first bit . You don 't have to tell me . This guy just came in .|And he just looked drunk .
The Cardinal has a personal grudge against me .|Captain , please , you are a reasonable man . You 're escorting me home to my death . You forget I was there when youtried to seize power , Your Majesty . With respect , don 't expect sympathy from me .
Everyone started screaming and shouting .|And falling .
Why are you so hell bent on going after something that won 't make your lift any better ? You 're the most stubborn ... Woah , hey !|Here , give me your hand .
Are you harmed ?|Only a little shaken .
I locked the door .|People were screaming at the door . I couldn 't let them in .
How could The Oracle pick us for each other ? Listen , Senorita , I didn 't ask you to be with me !|Why do you want a family anyway ? I don 't . I gave up on that a long time ago . And besides , I wouldn 't pick you . Wait , what ? Hey , why not ? ! Wait , we 've been through here before !
I remember the days of her attempted coup all too well . The chaos , the bloodshed , brother against brother . I never want to see those times again . On that we are agreed .|Any news on that child I sent for ? Aramis and d 'Artagnan aren 't back yet . Let me know when they return .
Any news on that child I sent for ? Aramis and d 'Artagnan aren 't back yet . Let me know when they return .|If you were Marie 's personal guard , wouldn 't you want to ask questions , find out who 's behind this ? Why kill them when he didn 't have to ? Vincent was out of control . A good soldier is never out of control .
Craig ...|Craig ...
Wouldn 't you expect to see at least some damage to the trees , or the odd piece of splintered bark ? There 's just nothing . I don 't see any used wadding .|And no spent musket balls .
I 've made many mistakes in my life .|I regret nothing ... except our misunderstanding .
You guys are jerks ! This is a jerk move , man ! I tried to play the diplomat like a good guy ! I don 't ask for anything in return ! One head , no big deal ! And what do you do for me ? ! You play the screw you card , nice ! This is nice ! You know how long I 'm gonna be stuck out here for ? ! Yeah , I don 't either , that sucks !|If The Oracle made them rob you , then she can 't be trusted ! You 're not going to die , we 're not , we 're not on one of her paths , we 're not stuck in her grip ! Yes we are ! Stay away from me .
You came for me , didn 't you ?|Would you have come for me ?
That 's why I came for you .|This isn 't right .
This isn 't right .|You 're right , it 's not right .
It 's not fair .|You haven 't seen what I 've seen , Bill . In that street .
You didn 't fail completely .|Anne ...
What were you doing out at night ? I 'm on my way to see The King . Good luck , I hear nobody sees him face to face . I 'm looking for my daughter . My wife is out scouring right now . You let your wife wander alone ? I can 't stop her . See , we used to all travel together as a family . Who keeps a family these days ? My daughter started going off alone . Instead of making her stay with us , I gave her weapons to protect herself . One day she just didn 't come back . What kind of weapons did you give her ? Just these .|You can find them all over the place , lots of people have them .
She might not have done the right thing , but that doesn 't mean we can 't .|We can 't go out there .
Hi . Hi . All gone !|I sure had you and your boyfriend fooled , didn 't I ? I thought he was gonna pop my head off ! He hurt me so bad , big bully . Do you kill people with those ?
You 're a goner , you know . You should pay attention to me , you should listen to me when I talk to you because if you choose this first path , Cleo will eventually die . Sol 's a goners too .|I saw him with my daddy ! He told my daddy he killed me , and oh boy , you wouldn 't believe what Daddy did !
We can 't do anything for her now .|We tried .
She changed her mind .|I was heartbroken .
I guess , we wait because there 's nowhere much safer than here right now .|That it ?
Your friend 's right down here .|Sol ?
If you don 't trust me , how can I help you ?|There 's only one man I 've ever trusted .
Why do you wanna go to Paradise ? Some Scout stole something valuable from me . It was my mother 's . It 's all I have left of my family . Even I wouldn 't try and break into that place . Is this thing worth dying for ? Is Catherine ? That 's different , what I 'm doing won 't kill me .|Hey , do you think we 're being followed ? Yeah , maybe , we 're pretty close to The King . Then why are we stopping to rest ? Won 't The King 's men attack us ? Or wait until I 'm asleep and take you ? Take me ? No , no people stay out of cemeteries .
When do we leave ?|I 'm ready , if you are .
Speak to the King on my behalf . You seem to be doing that perfectly well on your own . I 'm not sure he believes I 've abandoned all my ambitions for power .|It was a mother 's love that drove you to it . All you desire is the restoration of your son 's affection so you can ease into gentle old age , a happy woman .
I always liked you , Armand ... .. even when you opposed me .|We should be allies , you and I.
He 'd been locked away so long , he never learned to fend for himself .|He didn 't look like other men .
I 'm gonna go and have a look . I 'm not going out there again .|I 'm sorry , man .
He was malformed from birth .|Touched by the devil , they said . I was sent to be his nurse . I was petrified . I 'd believed everything I 'd heard .
Hello ? Hello , hello . Didn 't I ask you if exactly this would happen ? You did , that 's funny . I think you have a misunderstanding of humor , Senorita . It 's not working ? We should have stayed awake . Think they knocked us out with something when we fell asleep . Uh , they 're awake , do it again , he wants them unconscious .|Hello ? Yes . What 's he saying ? Yes . What 's wrong ? It 's The Witch Warrior . Is it The Witch Warrior ? Yeah . Oh , okay . Witch Warriors are The King 's head assassins . I think they 're actually only one Warrior left . That 's good . They 'll probably take us to meet The King and execute us there . That 's bad . Wait , so here , not over at , uh ... What happened , did he hang up on you ? Yeah , you know , I mean I 've got feelings too , I 've got kids ... I know you do , I know you do . It 's really just , you know , this is not well . What is wrong with that guy ? I don 't know , he wants us to wait here . I thought he wanted us to go to the ocean . No , no beach anymore , he wants us to wait right here . Wait a minute , was it supposed to be the beach or the ocean ? Well both I guess . It was the beach , which is at the ocean , but now it 's here . Oh , okay , how come ?
Are we dying ? Yes .|Well that was lucky .
That must have been a fine moment .|They beat him ... until his bones shattered .
They beat him ... until his bones shattered .|Burned him while he still breathed life .
He 's still with me .|In here .
No bright ideas .|I hope that 's the most work we 'll do all day .
I hope that 's the most work we 'll do all day .|You can come back for her after . Fine , let 's go .
I promise you , on my honour , the safe return of your child .|What are we looking for again ?
Because I couldn 't forgive myself if you were harmed .|Did you see the look on Agnes 's face when she spoke about Henry ?
We can give you some diesel .|Where are you heading ? Perth .
I suppose . If it 's meant to be .|Who are they ? Wet nurses .
Things bad up there ?|Look , I 'm sorry . My name 's Ronan .
Who are you , then ?|The wet nurse .
Bill .|Do you want a lift ?
What happened to the other girl ?|She 's sick . Good . You 've got a nicer backside .
It 's what Ronan meant . What ?|How to survive this . What are you talking about ?
How to survive this . What are you talking about ?|I thought ... my plan was to survive the initial onslaught and then find shelter , focus on security .
I was wrong . The only way to survive this , is to see it through until the end .|And to have no more zombies .
Sir ...|This is your dream . This is Paradise . I don 't want a revolving kingdom ! This ends now . We could change the cycle , modify it . You could live out other fantasies . Get out of my face .
A little early in the day for a stroll .|What in God 's name is she doing here ?
Bill , open the door . Let 's move . Ronie , I 'm here .|Ronan 's been bit .
Ronan 's been bit .|No !
Oraculum sacrum veniet nos comtua sepientia duchee !|Sepientia ducae .
This can 't be a coincidence .|You sent me this .
What are you doing ? Get in the fucking car . I can 't . Ronan !|Ronan ! No ! I love you . Please ! Drive ! No ! No ! No !
Ow ! Not exactly going quick , is it ? Hold on .|Useless piece of equipment .
Constance is in there on her own .|Marie , Her Majesty fell ill on her journey to Fontainebleau , and I was afraid she would lose the child . And the court officials ? Rushing to make it in time for the birth .
Marie , Her Majesty fell ill on her journey to Fontainebleau , and I was afraid she would lose the child . And the court officials ? Rushing to make it in time for the birth .|But when the child was born , it was deformed .
Chill out , look around you . Chill out ? We don 't know if it 's safe !|Open your fucking eyes ! If you can 't see anything , it 's safe !
Darling , what 's the point ? Hope is the major prerequisite of misery . It takes days to dehydrate , doesn 't it ? There 's got to be an easier way than this to establish disgusting quantities of wealth and power . If only there was a way to do it from a hammock . You don 't strike me as the take over the world type . Not take over , rule . There 's a big difference . Taking over takes all the work ! Somebody else does that . Contractors likely . We simply rule over a previously conquered Empire from a quiet den .|Let 's walk to The Oracle .
Hmmm , this is better than ruling The Empire . We could buy a whole country and retire . Thank you . Thank you . Get going then ... Oh , bugger !|But I had it under control . I know what I 'm doing .
We 'd been stuck and had pretty much ran out of food .|We didn 't know what to do .
You are ... perfect ! Yes , you are . You have your grandfather 's eyes . You will be brave and wise , the strongest and the most handsome . The most celebrated and the most beloved . We are going to do great and marvellous things together . They 'll see that we know best . Won 't they see ?|The court officials arrived in time to see Louis born , ignorant of what had gone before .
I protected him .|There can be no doubt of the validity of the marriage ? Oh , none at all . I performed the ceremony myself . So their child is legitimate .
Zombies .|He 'll be one of them now , won 't he ?
And the baby 's grandmother , of course .|Feed him .
The only way to survive this is to live through it . To see it finish .|This will never finish . It can .
What ? When people find a cure ? What people ? What cure ? I didn 't say anything about a cure . Well , how else will this end ?|They 're dead .
You really loved Philippe .|Even though ...
You mean ... ? What ?|Finding a cure could end it .
I really liked that one .|You love Sol , don 't you ?
You love Sol , don 't you ?|When the paralysis wears off , I hope you come find him . See , I 'm resetting his memory . You 'll be a stranger to him . In fact , he 'll probably kill you . I want you to understand this . Whatever you and The Oracle think you 've accomplished , I 'm undoing it .
When the paralysis wears off , I hope you come find him . See , I 'm resetting his memory . You 'll be a stranger to him . In fact , he 'll probably kill you . I want you to understand this . Whatever you and The Oracle think you 've accomplished , I 'm undoing it .|Come on , Sol , let 's get you back home .
Hello ! Get off there ! Yeah , I 'm talking to you .|But I have to sit down . I hurt my leg , see ? My daddy made that crutch for me . What are you doing with it ? He tried to take it away too , but I wanted to dance with it . He asked me what kind of dancing do I do . So I showed him , I showed him good . I danced with Daddy .
But I have to sit down . I hurt my leg , see ? My daddy made that crutch for me . What are you doing with it ? He tried to take it away too , but I wanted to dance with it . He asked me what kind of dancing do I do . So I showed him , I showed him good . I danced with Daddy .|Would you like to dance with me ? The Oracle said you would . Absolutely not ! The King may return at any moment , so get ... Ooooooh ... You get off there ! Mmmmm , no . You do as I say ! No .
I 'm not alone .|Are you ?
You and what army ?|We 'll find other survivors .
Sol !|Who are you ?
How do you know my name ? It 's me , Cleo . You know me . Lady , I don 't know you . Did he fix your eyes ? Can you see my face with those eyes ? I can see your face .|Look , I 'm sure you 're a lovely woman , but I don 't have time for you . Wait , don 't you at least recognize my voice ?
You know what will happen . The boy will disappear . He 'll be murdered and Agnes too , probably . I 'm sorry . My hands are tied . You have to take him to the Cardinal .|I 'd go with you myself , but I 'm busy . Damn paperwork .
Then we 'll make our place safe and secure .|This is ... Actually a good idea .
See ? A prison , I was in prison . My memory 's fine , you 're confused , leave ! No , I know you . I wouldn 't have done that if I were you . Let me go . Before you get hurt , let me go . I can 't , I can 't . No !|They fixed your arm too . The bolt came up before . What ? This desert is filled with crazy people !
You 're all crazy . You got something better to do ?|Whatever you think , we 'll head to the Isle of Skye . We 've got another five or six hours driving on our hands
Whatever you think , we 'll head to the Isle of Skye . We 've got another five or six hours driving on our hands|Make yourselves comfortable . Are we actually going to anywhere in particular ?
A little to the left . And now ?|It is good ! Affects more !
The powerful Syrian army is ready for war ...|They are surely going to Lebanon .
At best , Henry would be brought up the child of another , his life endlessly manipulated by those who go to any lengths for power . At best . At worst ...|You can never go home , Agnes .
I love you too .|Are you okay ?
How much is it ?|122 500 .
How are you ... How are you so calm ? Get out . Get out now , Dad . It 's too late for us now , son . We can 't get out . But you have to stay safe , okay ? Stay safe . Dad ? They 're getting in ! Son , we have to go now . No , Dad ... Dad !|One of these days ... There 's no rush .
Time to make a kill . Hunting is out of the question , Your Majesty .|Until those plotting to kill your mother are found , you must stay in the palace . A man has his needs . He 's the King !
Right . That 's my news . Some news . Some news . How long have you known ? I only found out the other day , maybe a week . So , you 're leaving me ? Don 't be so dramatic . You came here . Ireland to Scotland is one thing ... I might only be gone for six months , could be nine . What would Mum and Dad say ?|You know as well as I do , Dad would be very proud of me , following in his footsteps and all that . And Mam , Mam understood the life of a soldier .
I am sure the Cardinal only has your best interests at heart .|Being King can be so boring !
Being King can be so boring !|It is so unfair !
You okay ?|Yeah ... You ?
This is the real name of this country , not Israel .|ISRAEL
Jewish immigrants have dried up swamps and ...|I 'll just be a moment . Go for it . Listen well . We have an important American guest .
Bravo . I 'm not unable to savour a stratagem of elegant construction .|Are you feeling quite well ?
Yeah .|Looks nice . Seren and Kate , you stay in the car . Bill , we 'll check it out .
That will make the bridge between children and adults .|The Jews will come next week . Your parents are ready .
Oh , about time !|Oh , shit , shit .
Excuse us , Madame .|I won 't come back . I 'm not handing them over to the Cardinal . Aramis , that baby is the heir to the throne .
I won 't come back . I 'm not handing them over to the Cardinal . Aramis , that baby is the heir to the throne .|They could charge you with treason . I made her a promise .
Ah , Drambuie .|We start at the top , we work our way down . Create a perimeter as we go . Maybe a mile a day . A mile ? When we can , yes .
That 's what you said .|How 's that working out for you ?
And I will kill them .|Every last one . Until I 'm either one of them ... or I breathe my last breath .
Sit .|You 're a big boy now , and the only one I trust . Okay .
Starting tomorrow . We 've already started .|Get some sleep .
This is about keeping the royal power supreme in France .|That which my husband 's blood was shed to protect .
We 're heading to the Isle of Skye . The Isle of Skye ?|That 's in the backend of ... nowhere . Exactly .
We 're going to kill them .|All of them .
And here comes Snowball II . We kept this one . The mother ate the gray one . Mrs. Krabappel , he 's traumatizing us . I agree . Bart , shut that off and sit down . Look , this is cool . When I hit reverse , I can make them go back in .|No , you 're not seeing things . This , my little friends , is a schwa .
" Nobody , of the hundreds of people that visited the fair ... "|... knew that a gray spider had played the most important part of all . " No one was with her when she died . "
One for Martin , two for Martin .|This way , Mr. President !
We bring you peace We bring you peace We bring you peace , peace ...|That 's enough !
Goodbye , Lisa , honey ! It 'll be okay . Just read the note !|Bart didn 't get one vote ? This is the worst thing that could happen !
Why are not you eating ? It is good . Serve yourself !|Why does not he eat ?
Holy moly , talk about parenting .|Sleep well , Maggie . Three for three .
If the little Jew comes home starving him , Jamal kill you . What ?|If this fool touches you , I make her party !
Bill . Bill . Summons . Bill . Wait a minute . From C.M. Burns . This is it . Yes , this is it !|Bart ! Lisa ! Maggie ! Let 's do this out in the yard ! Dim the lights . Turn them on . Do something ! Yes , Dad .
There 's no check , just a card . Don 't panic . I 'm sure it tells us what we 'll get and where to pick it up . Dear Bart , thank you kindly for the blood . Yours truly , Montgomery Burns .|D 'oh ! It 's just a card !
Happily , the plot to kill Marie de Medici has been foiled . It appears the chief culprit was her trusted lieutenant , Vincent . He will be dealt with accordingly .|Unless any of you think that the King , or France , would benefit from the execution of his own mother ?
Too cutesy .|Too cornball .
What more could you want from me ? Why drag me here now ? I know you 've endured hell .|I 'm sorry you had to suffer so terrible a blow . I should apologise .
What 's this roll doing her ? Why don 't you ask it ?|Or don 't you speak roll ? Oh . Did you enjoy having your niece here yesterday ? She tried to strangle me . Oh , yes . Such a nice woman .
How to contribute ...|The Israeli agent was in your class , right ? He was in the class everyone . He made five times its 3rd ! Your Turn , director Jamal . " It comes from the land of Uncle Sam ...
Oh ... Henry !|Henry ! Henry !
Was it that obvious ?|It 's not every day you get to save the King 's life .
It 's not every day you get to save the King 's life .|He 'll never be King . But he 'll be happier than the man who is . You didn 't really think I 'd take something so precious into battle ? I know .
This is not a teacher is a moron !|Hello .
What 's wrong now , Tom ?|It can 't be the food . We 've doubled the catering budget since you threatened to disembowel yourself on the steps of town hall .
He 'll never be King . But he 'll be happier than the man who is . You didn 't really think I 'd take something so precious into battle ? I know .|You kept him safe .
Nothing wrong with food . So , what is it ? I 've told you , it 's justice . Justice ... about what ? Justice isn 't about anything . Justice is an ideal . An end in itself .|And we want it . Don 't we ?
It 's because they have been broken on the wheel of life . It 's because ... they 're hungry .|Thank you , Tom .
The answer is the flag of Israel .|Sorry , that 's wrong . But ...
I have my son .|I would ask you to come with us ... but you already have a family .
I would ask you to come with us ... but you already have a family .|Thank you .
That 's blood , that is .|Sucked from us , over seventy years , and returned to us ... one ... claggy ... gob ... at a time .
Sucked from us , over seventy years , and returned to us ... one ... claggy ... gob ... at a time .|Who on Earth is he today ? I 'm not quite sure . Seems like a cross between ... Perry Mason ... and Aristotle
Who on Earth is he today ? I 'm not quite sure . Seems like a cross between ... Perry Mason ... and Aristotle|An old fart . Miss Trent !
And Abd al Wahab is a member of the Israeli Parliament ! Of course !|Come , children . Quick !
Dear viewers , no one gave the right answer .|It 's time to solve the puzzle !
We do have staff , you know , and they like to get away on time . They have rights . So do prison wardens . Now , that 's not a very nice attitude . No , it wasn 't meant to be . In a world ruled by aggressive simpletons ... someone has to see the sheer futility of the human race ... the universe ... the Bayview Retirement Home for the almost dead . Not feeling a little bit negative today , are we ? Oh , Miss Trent ...|Diana ... What ? About your niece 's car ... Yes ? It 's a sports car . So ? Well , I was wondering if you would like me to look after the keys for you ... Were you really ? Until your niece returns . Well , thank you , but I think that the care of a couple of keys is just about within the capabilities of this rattled old body and fuddled old brain .
My bag !|My bag !
Here they come . God bless you , Your Majesty ! Vive la France ! Louis !|What 's she doing ?
Tell him a little left .|Iyad phone ! It speaks Hebrew .
Dad ?|You can always come home . Well , he can if he 's not happy . Who says he 's not happy ? He does . He hasn 't said a word since we 've been here . Marion , please . He only does it to upset me . He 's trying to push me over the edge . Your family never like me . You know that 's not true . But why isn 't he talking to me ?
So ? It 's no ?|I am admitted . Congratulations !
That 's wonderful !|Congratulations , genius . So you 're leaving ?
Dad ... Hello ? Maybe he 's dead . Give him a prod . He 's meditating . How disgusting . He 's just sitting and thinking . Well , what 's he thinking , that 's so important , he can 't even talk to his own family ? Well , He 's out of his body right now . Eh ? Out of his body ?|Well , where 's he gone , then ? Onto another plane . On a plane , eh ?
Why do you ask me this ?|Even the grandmother of your newspaper ?
I was 21 .|A bomb exploded in Jerusalem and activists were arrested .
A ser ... servant girl ? An education ?|Sorry , I don 't follow .
Sorry , I don 't follow .|It seems you educated her too well . She wrote this and then was killed trying to give it to the Queen .
It was not easy , it was very very hard .|We thought we could liberate Palestine Jews .
On the injustice of aging , Miss Trent . Look at us ... we have been diddled .|We have worked hard , all our lives , and what happens to us ? Well in your case , you go doolally .
And today ?|Today , we just want to live in dignity .
I can 't bear the thought of Fleur alone , lost in Paris . We 'll find her . I promise . Oh , what am I going to tell her father ? He 's my husband 's cousin .|How long have you known our friend Therese ? A month or so . There is one thing that might help . Comtesse de Larroque had taken an interest in her . She was teaching her to read and write . Many enlightened nobles show kindness to their servants . No , this was more than that . Therese knew Greek and Latin and ... and even studied the stars . Fleur attended some of her lessons , too . They ... went in secret .
Luca . I 'm delighted to see you .|Why didn 't Rome inform us you were coming ? It is an informal visit ... Your Eminence .
Handle the matter discreetly . The Comtesse is from a very distinguished family . I don 't want her upset unduly . You are too generous , Your Majesty . Yes , I know . It is a weakness .|Would you like to come with me ?
Would you like to come with me ?|Does anyone here know the whereabouts of Mademoiselle Fleur Baudin ? If you have questions , Monsieur , address them to me . Comtesse de Larroque . I am here on behalf of the King . My name is ... I know who you are . I 've often seen you at court and thought how handsome you are . There is a melancholy aspect to your looks that I find intriguing , but it 's probably only mental vacancy .
I 'm going to be ... a Yuppie !|This is wonderful .
This is wonderful .|I used to have a Morris Minor . It was just like this . But completely different .
Tu es Arabe ?|Welcome . I did not know that they accepted the Arabs here .
Forget what you learned before .|We will study the philosophy behind the Bible .
10 9 8 Stop puffing about !|Diana ? What ? One small point . What ! Can you drive this thing ? 'Course I bloody can !
A symbol of your own dreams and ambitions , I would imagine ? Ah .|We have a romantic in our midst .
In the beginning ... Ayid .|" In the beginning ... " Read .
No , no , I don 't know the number .|No , no , they haven 't stolen it .
No , no , they haven 't stolen it .|Well , I doubt very much if she is licensed .
Pardon !|AVRAHAMI
Why are you really here ?|Pope Urban does not send his envoys without good reason . His Holiness is concerned about the direction of French foreign policy . Well , the Pope is Spain 's performing monkey , and I speak with the greatest of respect for his holy office , of course . Of course . Need I remind you that you are a cardinal , one of the highest offices within the Catholic Church ? I 'm also First Minister of France . In matters of religion , I defer to Rome . In all else , I am my country 's servant . France 's alliance with Sweden is both unnatural and undesirable . Now we come to it . Protestants are the enemies of the true faith . Sweden is an important strategic ally .
Quite nippy , isn 't it ? I think we left my bum at the last roundabout .|Why are you driving on the wrong side of the road ? Because you never know when you 're going to meet some silly sod doing it the other way .
Fancy and ice cream ?|Won 't we get a ticket ?
Thank you for your help .|Will I see you again ?
You can borrow the CD if you want .|Thank you , it 's cool piece .
One of the Hun went down ... whole beach would cheer ...|One of our boys were hit ... even the wind would stop blowing ... time ... froze until ... a lad either parachuted to safety , and your heart would leap ... or he plunged into the sea ... and you all died with him ...
One of our boys were hit ... even the wind would stop blowing ... time ... froze until ... a lad either parachuted to safety , and your heart would leap ... or he plunged into the sea ... and you all died with him ...|Nineteen or twenty years ... of some dear mother 's ... adoration ...
" No " is said , not " down " !|" P " . You see ? The paper moves .
" P " . You see ? The paper moves .|" P " . No " B " .
Doused !|Tch . That 's why I never had children . Couldn 't face losing them .
Important people come here . Amos Oz came often .|Amos Oz ? The author of the " black box " of " My Michael " ? It is a known author . What are you taking ?
I am deeply humbled .|I will consider my options .
I will consider my options .|Perhaps you can pray to St Anthony for guidance .
A hot chocolate .|A hot chocolate ? You 're such a kid !
I 'm sure his face was a picture when you kissed him . Why shouldn 't I make the first approach to a man I desire ? Oh , I could never be so bold .|You 'd be amazed at what can happen when a woman takes the initiative . I 'm sure I would .
Palestine .|Hey , Iyad , what 's happening ? How are you ? Yes everything is fine .
You know him ? How ? It 's only a passing acquaintance .|Between ourselves , Fleur Baudin , is she here ?
These are nothings science class !|Your parents let you take the bus alone ? Hey , redhead , how are you ?
If you think life is one long bath in acid ... why don 't you pull the plug ? Suicide ? Mercy killing , in your case .|No !
What are those clothes ? What 's your name ?|Iyad .
Iyad .|Iyad ?
Mohammed died , He had several daughters , They were ugly , As monkeys , Mohammed died , There were several girls|Where is Grandma ? I want to talk to him .
This is the way we all must end .|Our foolish heart stopped . Souls utterly departed .
I must tell you how many times ... It 's the chance of your life !|One day you will understand what I mean .
Goodness .. a party ! What fun ! Geoffrey . How lovely to see you . I thought you were coming this morning . We did , Dad . You were out .|Oh , of course . Washington . So sorry .
Oh , of course . Washington . So sorry .|Marion ... how are you ? Don 't touch me ! Same as usual .
One day you will understand what I mean .|November 1990
What were the causes of the War of Independence ?|The war ? Ah , the Arabs , of course !
Now , constable . Do I have your undivided attention ?|You do , sir . Good !
These are the Cardinal 's men . I knew nothing of this .|Aaah ! My works ! Stop ! No ! Stay back .
He got off , you know , Harvey Bains . Well , I didn 't think they were going to bring back hanging , just for him . Oh , no .|Pity they couldn 't manage a little flogging , though . You did quite well in there ... for a fossilized old fruit loop .
Two bread , I 'm starving . No problem .|Whose turn is it ?
You should hang out in the real world more often . You think so ? Why not ?|You could be a sort of late developer . A sort of Grandma or Grandpa Moses .
Naomi , I told you ! I was caught in the Air Force !|That deserves a kiss ? Congratulations . Good luck !
I 'm sure you 're aware of the situation in our region .|This soldier will explain how to use gas masks . Be careful , it can save your life . That 's a plastic mask protect us from chemical gases ! Pleased with your optimism , Eran . Go for it .
This soldier will explain how to use gas masks . Be careful , it can save your life . That 's a plastic mask protect us from chemical gases ! Pleased with your optimism , Eran . Go for it .|My name Ayelet . Each of you will receive a box containing a mask , a filter and two atropine syringes .
Why is she being tried here ? The Cardinal wants to avoid a public hearing . Does anyone really believe in witchcraft ? The accusation is a fine way to stop the tongues of outspoken women . She had the girls . She lied . She brought her fate on herself .|You 're being too hard on her . She was protecting the girl , not deceiving you .
Is that really what you 're concerned about ? Being a hypocrite ?|It 's my family . Oh , trust me , they 'll understand the moment they step into the White House . Jackie , I really shouldn 't have to convince you to do what it takes to get a set of keys .
Ishmael and Isaac were brothers , and we have the same Father in heaven ! You are born in refugee camp|It was hot in the summer , cold in winter !
If you have faith in your heart ... .. take this .|Please , take it .
It 's not so easy when you don 't have money .|We all have to accept our fate in life .
As an Arab worker , I was exploited At the gas station , behind the counter|You and I , we got fucked ! All , it was fucked !
You and I , we got fucked ! All , it was fucked !|Cheers !
We all have to accept our fate in life .|Why ? So we can end up like you , married to a man you hate ?
You know what ? That 's okay . Doesn 't matter .|What matters is that you got pushed to the edge today and you didn 't fall off .
What matters is that you got pushed to the edge today and you didn 't fall off .|You did what you had to do .
I don 't hate Bonacieux .|I 'm only trying to be realistic .
All will be well if you tell the truth , child . What happened to you at the Comtesse 's salon ?|May I have a drink of water ?
I 'd throw you on that bed right now if it wouldn 't mess up your hair .|Mm ...
Who was that ?|Comtesse Ninon de Larroque , it has been proven in the sight of God that you are a practising witch who has consorted with the Devil . The court finds you guilty on all counts . But ... this is madness . I ... I am not a witch . They do not exist . More blasphemy ! Stop her mouth ! Wait . At a time to be determined , you will be taken to a place of execution , and your body will be burned to ashes .
You haven 't said a word .|Well , you 've been prepping for days . I thought you might want a break from talking .
Your Majesty .|It is the King 's wish ... that unless the Comtesse de Larroque confesses her crimes freely and without torture , she be spared the death sentence .
If I 'm disappointed in anyone , it 's him , for throwing you under the bus .|I gotta fly back with you tonight . Don 't you have events tomorrow ? This is more important .
I gotta fly back with you tonight . Don 't you have events tomorrow ? This is more important .|What is ?
I talked to my mother about you lately .|Why did not you tell me ?
The Cardinal . Will he live ?|He has been no friend to the musketeers . We are all servants of France , Your Majesty .
Is Ninon your lover ? She is beautiful . She is a good woman facing a hideous death . I ...|I only wanted to comfort her .
Why did you change your hair back to blonde ? That 's your burning question ? I 'm curious .|How does that help the book ? Who knows ? But right now , I got nothing .
Because I am an Arab ? Moron ! Because you vomit !|Okay .
Yonatan then ? It 's okay with me ? No , Iyad suits you best .|I love you you know . Say it in Arabic . I love you . Hey , come here .
Was it you ?|That 's your first question ? I 'm touched . Am I dying ? Half the doctors say you 're doomed . The other half claim you will make a full recovery . There 's a lot of professional pride at stake . I 'm glad you find this amusing .
This Athos .|What is he to you ? Let 's not speak of it now . You must concentrate on your health . Whatever happens to me , I want you to extract this confession from Ninon . If she admits she is a witch , her entire estate will be forfeit to the Crown .
What is he to you ? Let 's not speak of it now . You must concentrate on your health . Whatever happens to me , I want you to extract this confession from Ninon . If she admits she is a witch , her entire estate will be forfeit to the Crown .|Oh , how disgusting . What is it ? The knee bone of St Anthony . I shall pray for his intercession . Why not ? He 'll be as much use as the doctors .
Have you come here to gloat ? I wouldn 't waste my energy .|There is nothing worse than a woman who betrays her own sex . I can think of a few things . But let 's not argue .
God kills !|Baghdad is in flames .
Baghdad is in flames .|May God curse be on them ! They destroyed ! Where are Saddam 's missiles ? It was as blah ?
May God curse be on them ! They destroyed ! Where are Saddam 's missiles ? It was as blah ?|Dad , you hate Saddam . You said all Arab leaders are morons . And now ?
Why do you hate me ?|How have I ever hurt you ? You didn 't . You 're simply a victim of circumstance . Now , sadly , you must die . Not unless I admit to the charges , and I shall never do that . If you don 't confess , the women of your salon will burn in your place .
The situation has changed .|Completely .
Completely .|They destroy Iraq in two days . Why you are always like that ?
Surely you wish to save the lives of your accomplices in Satan ?|You would do this ? You would kill them , even though you know they are innocent ? Admit you poisoned the Cardinal , as well . We might as well be thorough .
The whole world can fall apart in sixty days .|Or a guy can get sober . I washed my hands for ten minutes last night before bed . You turned me from an alcoholic to a germaphobe .
Know so .|I love you , brother .
There his beret , and there his mustache .|No doubt it 's him . You see ?
Yeah , I wonder what she offered her . Nothing . Yeah , right . I know for a fact .|You knew about this ?
From all the places i 've done , this is the most patetic . Be happy , it 's not complicated . Even the simplest job can go wrong , my friend .|What a hell are you doing ? Let me check first . Don 't stop here , keep going . Go down the street .
Don 't you recognise it ?|Well , if it wasn 't Fleur , who was it ? Ninon ? Nah , she was nowhere near him . Where 's the bag ? One of her followers , then . We should look at everyone that went to her salon . Perhaps one of them met with the Cardinal . Did you ever find out how he died ? Some form of apoplexy . He was having a drink at an inn nearby . One moment he was laughing and joking , and the next he convulsed and fell down dead on the spot .
In heaven , Pope rollerblades , Moses scooter ...|This is the alert ! Standing , go ! Iyad ! Nidal !
All right . It looks ok . Make a u turn . Pull around and let me out up front .|I 'll burned it , Kraus . Then investigate it afterwords , not chasing the joint . All right , if i don 't go in , you pick me up at the next block .
Open his mouth . You open his mouth .|Eurgh !
He stinks . Well , he 's dead . Not like that . He 's ... There 's something bitter on his tongue .|Oh ! Either this man had disgusting eating habits or something 's badly wrong . Eurgh .
I know that smell . It was on the Cardinal 's breath . The pages are damp . Poison . Wash your hands . Everything 's soaked in it .|This is where it came from .
Sastini 's still at the abbey . The Cardinal 's still alive .|This is the Cardinal we 're talking about . Why are we running ?
Yah ! Yah ! Hah ! Yah ! Hah !|Yah ! Yah ! What 's this ? The death sentence was commuted . The Comtesse confessed .
We could beat the US ? Saddam would defeat Israel ?|You could see it from the moon ?
We 're glad to find you well , Your Eminence . I doubt that , but thank you for the sentiment .|You know it was Sastini who tried to poison you . A sacred relic soaked with poison . An old papal trick . I should have guessed earlier .
Yeah ! Comon get him !|Get me in closer . Yeah ! Get him ! Left , right . There you go !
I almost missed of what 's gona be a great night .|I 'll like to meet your partner , Jack sometime .
I 'll like to meet your partner , Jack sometime .|No , no ... No , no , no way , he does not know about , a ... umm ...
The twins are a sign that Hannah loses reason .|That 's right . You 've read so . I do not understand ... I do not think that 's correct .
Your lands , your property , and your money will all be forfeit to the state . But ... .. I will allow you a small income ...|.. to live a quiet life somewhere outside Paris . If you try to tell the truth of these events , your original sentence will be reinstated .
What about the monks ? They 'll know . It 's a closed order . Gossip is not encouraged . We need a body to make this look convincing . Luckily , one has just become available .|Today I find my vision ... clearer than ever . no person , no nation , no God will stand in my way .
I think you ... No miss . Not at all .|Hannah can it get any worse ?
Today I find my vision ... clearer than ever . no person , no nation , no God will stand in my way .|Take this , Monsieur .
May it bring you as much luck as it did me .|See they are delivered to Rome . Say Cardinal Richelieu sends his compliments and promises His Holiness that if he wishes to send any more envoys , they will be returned in the same condition .
See they are delivered to Rome . Say Cardinal Richelieu sends his compliments and promises His Holiness that if he wishes to send any more envoys , they will be returned in the same condition .|You do realise you 'll never be Pope ? I never really cared for the idea . It 's an Italian club , and largely a clerical position . I prefer something with a little more influence .
Easy now .|I think i see one death too many .
You know why , madame ?|It 's easier for authors and drives a drag when an Arab Jew .
Silence ! Silence !|I 'm going to tell my parents .
The gun jammed , he stepped in front of me . Got shot off .|Took the bullet for me .
Took the bullet for me .|After i got that desk job , i never got a chance to pay him back .
" Jackie Jack , hi honey , heard the story on the news , are you ok " ? " We just wanna call right away , telling you we are so proud on you " .|" We are so proud on you , we will see you later . Really , what a brother , whow " .
It was great !|Thank you .
You pleaded for Fleur . Don 't be silly .|You are the finest woman I have ever met .
Jack ?|Congratulations . You are now promoted to the rank of sargeant .
Sit down , man .|I save this for special occasions .
Stop in to you , it will go well for Naomi . Believe me , I know women .|You do not look good . What ? No , it 's just ... What ?
Budget cuts . For now on arsen is gona be taken care by fire dep . You finish the case that you working on , and that 's gonna be it .|Hey , Jack ? Listen to me .
Nothing .|" God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it , " because in that day , He rested from all the out ? He had made . " Allow me . " Health . " Blessed art thou , O Lord , who creates the fruit of the vine . "
I have a warrant from the Cardinal , for the immediate arrest of your prisoner Martin Labarge . He 's already under arrest for the murder of two Musketeers . Ah . Well , you 're to hand him over to us for questioning . It 's not safe here .|I want it noted he 's a very dangerous man . Duly noted .
I think they need our help . They 're just too shy to ask .|Stay out of this , damn you !
I would not bet on that .|Hi , Katie .
Look , i just tought , if there was a way ...|You want me to be formal about this , i will be formal about this .
You want me to be formal about this , i will be formal about this .|I am ordering you to stay away from investigating all the witnesses in this case . Is that clear ?
Did you miss me ?|Not at all ! Hm .
Yeah .|Being single , I decided to leave school . What ?
Well , i think we have to meet in person . I wont do it . Not unless you promise you wont take me downtown . You know , i can 't make that kind of a promise . I can identify one of his killers . There were 2 white men dressed as golfers .|Can you meet me at 5 : 30 at a Staffords . Get in the back entrance . Ok , bye .
A pig wouldn 't eat that . Eat it or starve , Labarge .|Monsieur Labarge to you . Agh !
Monsieur Labarge to you . Agh !|Well , gentlemen , may the best man amongst us win . Those of us who are allowed to compete . You are a Musketeer in all but name . All you lack is the King 's commission . Go to Treville . Ask him . There is just the thorny issue of the entry fee .
You 're sure ?|I 'm exhausted .
Look , you loose me , you loose your only eyewitness .|I put you in my house , if i don 't uncover anything in 72hrs i 'm gona have to take you downtown myself .
Well , gentlemen , may the best man amongst us win . Those of us who are allowed to compete . You are a Musketeer in all but name . All you lack is the King 's commission . Go to Treville . Ask him . There is just the thorny issue of the entry fee .|Anyone got it ?
You know what I miss the most ? What ?|Easy .
Many brave men have gone there , but few have returned .|Mm . Fifth pew , right side .
The guitar . It goes like this ?|Gently .
Cold .|With a lingering flavor of cardboard .
You beter tell me a ...|So , your friends see your pictures in the paper , you are to hots that they are gona do you , maybe they already try that , right ?
This is Yonatan . It 's me . Ah , Iyad .|Bad news . What ?
D 'Artagnan , there 's no easy way to tell you this . I 've just received a list of charges against Labarge from the Cardinal . Your farm was one of the properties destroyed by Labarge . Apparently , he did it as a warning to other local landowners . He knew your father was greatly respected amongst them .|I 'll make sure justice is done , if that 's any comfort .
I don 't believe we 've been introduced .|Porthos , of the King 's Musketeers .
Sherwin was in on Arts murder . What ?|Him and insurence investigator Kraus fon Zack . Are you out of your mind ? Lyman before got shot , connected Kraus fon Zack to Arts murder . Oh , you believe story of an arsonist who 's about to go to a gas chamber .
What do you mean you leave high school ?|I want Naomi could return .
I have been cooped up indoors for so long .|Then allow me to walk you home .
And don 't you call me , i don 't wanna know where you are .|How am i suposed to go out of here without being followed ?
How am i suposed to go out of here without being followed ?|Well , i will walk you about 10 yards or so and then , umm ... you are on your own .
Well , i will walk you about 10 yards or so and then , umm ... you are on your own .|Allright ?
Graduated from our school you can open all doors . Tell Naomi 's parents that she may return .|And your parents to you ?
Then allow me to walk you home .|The contest is my only chance . I have to win that prize , I just need to raise the entrance fee . 30 livres is a lot of money . You don 't have to remind me .
Sorry , I promised . You promised what ? You know what ? I do not want you here , okay ?|Take care .
The contest is my only chance . I have to win that prize , I just need to raise the entrance fee . 30 livres is a lot of money . You don 't have to remind me .|First I lose my father and then I lose his farm . No money , no prospects . I honestly can 't think what you see in me . Everything will be fine . You 'll raise the money and ... you 'll win the contest . I know you will .
This is about people letting you down .|And you can 't stand a fact that they are wrong and i am right .
My legs would carry me .|Keep well , granny .
Because you got this idea about who they are not and who i am .|And you just fit with what you want .
And you just fit with what you want .|Well , i didn 't killed Art , i didn 't set you up and i am the only person who wants the same thing what you want , but you just can 't believe that , can you ? What is it exactly that you think i want ? Well , i tought it was the truth , but i don 't know anymore .
April 1991 village of Silwan , EAST JERUSALEM|May God be with you , son . Thank you very much .
Hey , listen to me ... Look at me . Look at me . Lisa ?|Oh , no , please !
Look at me . Look at me .|Deep breathe .
They support me , they have always trusted me . My mother helped me find an apartment . You will be able to come . Nobody understands you left . They ask from you . They think you 're crazy .|They do not know what they 're missing out . That 's it .
As usual .|I love you , Naomi . I love you more .
It will be all over soon .|Will it ?
The investigation of complaints Palestinians against Jewish settlers ...|Rafi , ready for the table 12 ?
Please don 't expand her ego any more than it already is . You 're right . Sorry . Mm .|Can 't win a medal if I 'm not on the team . Well , I guess you 'll want to open this then .
Can 't win a medal if I 'm not on the team . Well , I guess you 'll want to open this then .|They delivered it just now .
Oh Rosanna , Rosanna , tell me where you are ...|What did you do , Rosanna ? Come here ...
Typical .|I 'm home ! Hey , Gram ! Hey , Mom ! Oh , good , you 're home !
HSE !|A call is urgent .
A call is urgent .|It first hit the vocal cords , ? then his esophagus .
I know you ! What are you ? A Red Guard now ? What do you want ? My name is d 'Artagnan of Lupiac in Gascony . You burned down my farm . Ha ! I 've burned down a lot of farms . What makes you think I can remember yours ? I want your full confession . Without it , I will not get justice . I don 't see what good a confession is to you ... with a broken neck .|Ha ! Huargh ! Huh ! Huh !
Let him go .|Get out !
Comment tu vas , Jonathan ?|How are your studies ?
So , you work in a restaurant ? A few hours a week .|When I did not run , I 'm server . It gives me some pocket money .
I must go back .|I will come back tomorrow .
You 're like that at home , Yonatan ? Blinks once for " yes " and twice for " no . " Good .|I will come every day from 8 am to 16 pm . For baths , ointments , everything .
But we all have to exploit our natural ... talents .|You still wear my locket ?
It is very similar , right ?|You look a real Arabic !
It 's so beautiful here . Yeah , it is . Okay . You , too .|Hey , um , I 'll call you later , promise .
So , Sam , what do you think we should do for the talent show ? I already know what I 'm doing .|Aren 't they beautiful ? They 're so ... big . Okay , girls , pick the horses you want to ride today , okay ? Samantha , come over here .
Sometimes ...|Sometimes I ask myself the same question .
Where are you going ? None of your business !|Come on , Wick , get it together . You can 't be afraid of horses . How are you afraid of horses ? You love horses . I wouldn 't be too worried . What are you doing in here ? One of my favorite things in the world . What are you doing in here ? Not one of my favorite things . I suppose you heard that ? I suppose I did . You mind handing me that wrench there ?
Hello , George , it 's Mike . Yeah , it 's been a while . That long , eh ?|Yeah , I guess I was a little abrupt . Look , uh , that 's what I 'm callin ' about . Um , I figured I owed you at least an advanced notice . After this camp season ... I 'm putting Black River Ranch up for sale .
Stubborn will .|What ?
Your trip to the Bastille was a childish mistake . I thought you had brains , but clearly not .|That kind of stupidity is exactly why you 're not ready to be a Musketeer . You don 't mean that ?
That kind of stupidity is exactly why you 're not ready to be a Musketeer . You don 't mean that ?|Of course not , but unfortunately ... .. you 're now dead .
Bulldozers .|Not what I 'd envisioned for Black River Ranch .
Your Eminence ! To what do I owe this honour ?|You overstepped the limits , Labarge . You ruled Gascony like a petty tyrant . Well , people don 't like paying their taxes . I just gave them a bit of encouragement . Perhaps if all the taxes you collected had reached the Treasury , I 'd be inclined to overlook your excesses . Well , I suppose that was always my problem . I never knew how much greed was enough . Maybe I should have took a leaf out of your book , and followed your career a little closer .
Hey ! I 'm on a horse !|Oh , sorry !
30 livres . Is that right ? How did you know ? I 've taken an interest in you , d 'Artagnan , and it 's not as though we 're strangers , is it ?|What 's the catch ? Well , how suspicious you 've grown since coming to Paris !
What did she want ? She just gave me the money so I can compete . You shouldn 't have taken it . Don 't worry . I can handle her . Are you sure about that ? There 's no need to be jealous . There 's no need to be an idiot .|Who else is just going to walk up and hand me 30 livres ?
Oh , no !|And a little blush .
I just love it on my face . And my hair .|Thank you !
Sage , there you are . I 've been looking all over for you . Mind if I sit with you ? Yeah . Okay .|So I should probably tell you about my cousin . She 's older than me , like 15 years or so . But , uh , you know , she 's got a family , she 's got a career . She 's actually a surgeon , so she 's super smart , right ? You want to know something else about my cousin ?
So I should probably tell you about my cousin . She 's older than me , like 15 years or so . But , uh , you know , she 's got a family , she 's got a career . She 's actually a surgeon , so she 's super smart , right ? You want to know something else about my cousin ?|She 's had a speech impediment her entire life . She said that she used to cry when she 'd have to stand up ... in front of all the other kids at school and talk ... and I know she doesn 't even like to do it to this day . And that 's okay , because that 's just not her thing ... just like my thing is I don 't dance . Have you seen me dance ?
This is your first bank account ? Yes I do .|Here .
Sign wherever there is a cross .|Good luck , Yonatan .
Give it another shot ! Come on , do it ! Keep up !|Are you scared of the horse ? You need to get closer .
I 've never travelled ... more than five miles from Paris .|Never been to London . Vienna .
I will close tomorrow .|Promised .
Go , Sam ! Nice !|Yeah , Sam ! Whoo !
I 'm sick of this . I 'm sick of cleaning up everybody else 's mess . This may be okay for you . I 'm better than this .|Okay .
Dad , I gave them my word . I give my word all the time . Doesn 't mean anything .|Now , I 'll see you in a month .
You are my whole life . Your grandmother loved you so much , she asked you constantly .|She had so many hopes in you .
Did you hear that ? I 'm a genius .|Ah !
Ah !|Stacy , I found a way that we can save ... what 's going on ? You must be pretty happy .
Captain Treville is choosing his champion this morning . Of course . Good luck .|D 'Artagnan !
Me ? Because I 'm leaving . You 'll never have to see me again .|Believe it or not , you are my friend , Stacy . Yeah , right . Everybody hates me . Even Mr. C. He wants me gone .
Believe it or not , you are my friend , Stacy . Yeah , right . Everybody hates me . Even Mr. C. He wants me gone .|I 'm sorry . I guess being mean is just who I am . I don 't believe that . I don 't think you do , either . You tried really hard this summer being nice ... and you were ... mostly . Listen , let 's go for a ride ... and if you still wanna leave , you can . Okay ? Do you wanna leave BR without one last ride ?
Stay and help me save camp , Stacy . I have a plan . I just need you . How ? Trust me . Okay .|I don 't know , Lisa , it seems too much like charity . After everything that BR has given the women who have come ... through this camp , they 'd be repaying us a favor . Okay ? We won 't do donations . We 'll ... we 'll set up sponsorships .
You were right . I was jealous of Milady . Of course you had to take her money . It 's just ... Well , she 's ... so beautiful and ...|.. glamorous and ... wealthy , and I 'm just ...
Good answer . I mean it .|Look ... .. I 'm going to win this competition .
Look ... .. I 'm going to win this competition .|Everything will work out for us .
Go , Sam !|You got it , girl , you got it . You got this . Come on , Sam , let 's go ! Yeah if you could just ... I only want to ...
Was I ever cruel to you ? Did I beat you ? You were never cruel ... .. and I wasn 't unhappy .|At least ... I didn 't know I was . Until d 'Artagnan came here .
At least ... I didn 't know I was . Until d 'Artagnan came here .|I order you to break with him immediately .
Whoo ! Come on , Sam , you got this !|Come on , you can do it , Sam ! Hey , Sam , you got it !
But I won 't give him up .|I love him .
It 's all right .|What am I doing wrong ? Ugh .
You know what hurts ?|Is that I sometimes pray for it to stop .
I love him .|End your affair , or d 'Artagnan will be dead within a week . What are you talking about ? I have powerful friends now . That new client I was talking about ? It 's the Cardinal .
Jonathan Avrahami ?|Edna ? You are his mother ?
Guys , I swear it took like 200 calls , but I think we did it !|We saved the camp ! Of course . We 'll let her know . I 'm v ... very sorry .
Edna ? You are his mother ?|Good night .
Good night .|Go for it .
You think it 's easy for me ? Not at all .|I really love you , but I can not continue .
I mean , what use is love compared to money ?|Thank you for helping me see things more clearly .
Sam ! Where are you , Sam ? Sam ! Sam !|Samantha !
Samantha !|Sam . Sam !
You wanna hear it ?|I brought you lots of Berlin discs .
I brought you lots of Berlin discs .|I finished my first year there .
May Allah have mercy on him . Give me the deceased 's identity card .|IYAD BARHOUM
That is hardly within the rules , Cardinal . Sorry , Your Majesty . I wasn 't aware that there were any rules .|Come on !
Aaargh ! Aaah !|Argh ! Huargh !
Argh ! Huargh !|Huargh !
Huargh !|Huargh ! Huargh !
Sam !|Samantha ! Samantha !
Stop !|Your man broke the rules , Cardinal .
Where is Anna ? She booked passage on a ship . But she 's doing it for you . What do we even know about this Misthaven ? KRSTOFF : You might know it better by what the inhabitants call it .|The enchanted forest . ELSA : I have to go after her . KRISTOFF : It 's too late . ELSA : She didn 't have to do this alone .
The enchanted forest . ELSA : I have to go after her . KRISTOFF : It 's too late . ELSA : She didn 't have to do this alone .|Don 't worry , Anna . I will find you .
Ripped By mstoll|Until we 're together , no one leaves this town .
It 's getting dark out . We should probably go back . Wait ! Shh , shh . Wait , listen .|Do you hear that ?
Can I help you ? I hope so . Are you David ?|Yes . Yes , I am .
Joan .|Your name is not Joan .
There you go , sweetheart .|I 'll see you in three hours for your midnight shrieking . Yes , I will . Oh . Sweet dreams .
From your letters , it sounds like you have found ... the same friendships at camp .|Those friendships are the most important prize ... you could ever earn in this life . Cherish them .
She 's in a lot of pain over Robin Hood and everything else that 's happened over the last ... Well , forever .|Things have been tough on her , and you . She 's trying to fix them so that you two can be together . Because she cares about you .
Okay , okay , I 've rambled on long enough . Enjoy the rest of your time there , sugar bear . See you soon . Love , Gram .|I love you too , Grams .
I want to try . Try what ?|Black River has meant so much to me . And I wanna try and return the favor .
You were right , you know .|About what ? When you said I shouldn 't shoulder the entire burden ... all by myself , that I should let other people help .
EMMA : He wouldn 't even let me hug him . It killed me . DAVID : Sounds familiar . 'Cause I do that . Great . I 've passed it along . Not just you . Henry has two moms who both put up walls .|Sounds like he 's taking after the both of you . It 's not like him to pass up on Operation anything . I 'm worried .
Thank you ... for your patronage . I knew I 'd spotted a great talent .|Can I offer you a lift ?
Last time ... Mind the uniform . It doesn 't look right on you . Too shiny , too new . It 's like your mum 's dressed you . Exactly . Aramis , what do you think ? I think we 've landed in paradise . Listen to that . What ?|Ugh ! Oh ! No , no , no , no , no , no , no !
Ugh ! Oh ! No , no , no , no , no , no , no !|That looks better . Much better . Who knows , one day , he might even land a hit . Never going to happen !
That looks better . Much better . Who knows , one day , he might even land a hit . Never going to happen !|Are all the Frenchmen as witty as you , Your Majesty ? Certainly not .
Guess that 's what caused the loss of power ? Look at you , becoming a 21st century man . Yeah . It looks to me like whoever was putting up the wall wasn 't trying to take out the lights . They were just putting up the wall . Yeah , keep us in ? Why ? Kill us all one by one . It 's what I 'd do .|Oh !
Well , that 's settled , then . We 're all going hunting . Prepare the hounds , falcons and the full musketeer escort . You can hold the fort in our absence , can 't you , Cardinal ? Certainly , Your Majesty . I 'm sorry I can 't accompany you , sire , but my men know what is expected of them . Oh , you will be missed , Captain .|We will show our guests how the French hunt . With style and panache , and a cold eye for the kill .
I wouldn 't risk my life for someone I see as loot .|Whatever we 've become , it 's up to her as much as me .
I found it in the store filled with things . Where is she ? I have no idea . But if you want me to help you , you have to help me .|What 's her name ?
Fern , please open the door .|This is where you live now . You 'll be fine .
You know me , Ruth . You know what I want .|MY Payment . Your extortion . Call it what you like , but you and your flock are safe , as long as you pay me what 's due .
What ? ! Fern , what about Jake and BMO ... my home ? It 's been your home long enough . It 's Fern 's turn . I think I 'm going to be a really great Finn . Hey , do you know who my favorite is ? It 's Neptr . I 'm a Neptr guy !|I 'll be back in a month with a new bucket of trash . Later !
You and I have an assassin to catch . Now !|Damn ! D 'Artagnan , how are we doing ?
Damn ! D 'Artagnan , how are we doing ?|Go ! Right .
I don 't give anything . But perhaps if you hand over your steed , I 'll allow another day . No , no deal , then . That horse never leaves my side .|Then tomorrow , when I come back , if there 's no payment , you keep the horse , and I take your farm .
One man on his own .|Shouldn 't be a problem .
And you can work off your debts as my slaves .|Mother , we don 't need this . Let 's go . We can leave this place and start over ...
Shouldn 't be a problem .|On the other hand ... Shoot them !
You 're branded now .|This stick is how I find my flock . And you 're now one of my sheep .
Wha ?|Oh ! A microphone . There 's some dried ketchup on it .
I 'm certain we can find someone worthy of her .|Charlotte ... You and your father will ride with me .
You 're not seriously going to actually work the farm for that , that bully ? That bully is the most powerful warlord in the region . So you 're okay being her slaves ? Till we work it off . What choice do we have ? Well , you could fight .|She has an army . I 'm sorry , but why fight a battle you can 't win ? Those are exactly the battles you should fight . If you know you can win , it 's not a fight . If it 's impossible , you have to fight to achieve it . Spoken like a naive young girl . Right . I am a young girl , and I 'm missing my own wedding to go to a strange land and track down some secret mission things .
And you 're a great big grown man who doesn 't even have to leave his own home to tackle some random bully .|I 'm a shepherd , Joan .
I don 't know what Arendelle is like , but here in the enchanted forest , most farmers don 't do a lot of sword fighting . Well , if it 's help with a sword you need , that I can do .|How ? Kristoff show you ? Because using an ice pick to shave cubes for cool beverages is pretty different . He didn 't teach me , I learned from my soldiers .
Almost done , champ .|There you go .
Hyah ! Hyah ! Hup ! Argh !|Come on !
Oh , wow . I had no you know , idea that she was an actress . Yeah , she acts . It 's great .|What has she done ?
Agh !|Porthos !
Porthos !|What 's that ?
I 'm gonna get the table read started , okay ? . Good luck .|Look at you , this is very strong , this is good stuff .
When I was six years old , one morning I woke up hearing my father and mother go at it .|They fought a lot , usually over the same thing , his drinking .
But this time , something was different .|And I heard my father not yelling , but crying .
And I heard my father not yelling , but crying .|And through the tears , he said to my mother , words I would never forget , " I will beat this . "
Nothing I 've seen before .|A promissory note , to be cashed at a moneylender 's in the Rue de Bonnasse ... in Paris .
He said to her , " I have to be better for the boy . " I have to be different .|" I have to stop . "
This hat .|This hat saved my life . Tell ... Tell me about the hat .
I urge you to leave now . You will not be harmed . We could take the Queen with us , disguised as a sister . If she 's recognised outside , we can 't protect her . The Queen stays with us .|Anyone who wishes to leave may go now , with my blessing .
It seems we are all at your service . Your loyalty will not be forgotten . We need to barricade the gate ... You can use tables from the refectory . .. and establish two lookout points , each with a clear sight of anyone approaching . My bedroom and the sacristy are best . You don 't happen to have any weapons here ? One musket and some charges . For shooting rabbits ... and Protestants . There is something else we could use . I can show Aramis .|Come , dear .
My father had a still just like this .|He made grape and honey brandy all the time .
Are you sure ? I 'm absolutely positive . hmm .|Oh , sorry about that . A ring stain ? I have a bad habit of just putting my drink down on the table . A bad habit ? You just put your drink down on the wood . Look at that stain you made . This is a new table . Well , we 'll just sand it off or something .
Oh , sorry about that . A ring stain ? I have a bad habit of just putting my drink down on the table . A bad habit ? You just put your drink down on the wood . Look at that stain you made . This is a new table . Well , we 'll just sand it off or something .|Do you respect wood ?
So , on the 14th day , I arose and I heard a knock at the door , and I ran to open it , ready to hug my father .|And I was greeted by the local constable .
And I was greeted by the local constable .|Yeah , my father fought his battle .
Didn 't water my plant , though .|How does it feel to be back ?
But on the 14th , he spent his last night in a tavern .|And they found his body in the wreckage of our cart at the bottom of a ravine .
You should go .|Thank you .
Thank you .|You stay in here . I 'll take the other room .
Don 't tell me you have qualms , because in your line of work , conscience is no asset . An ordinary death does not concern me , but this is no ordinary death .|I am aware of that .
Yes .|Right , I 'll do it .
Right , I 'll do it .|Leave it to me .
There 's been an attempt on the Queen 's life . She 's safe , at least for the time being .|Here . Thank you .
That nun , the one you were with downstairs ... I 'm sorry , my arrival was a disturbance .|You did not disturb anything .
Tell him to go get Anna .|Dad , can you hear me ?
Emma . Say again .|I 'm in here with this woman , she is looking for her sister , Anna .
Bye , Dad .|How did you know he was here ? He didn 't knock . He dropped me a text , to say he was outside . Why ? Don 't his legs work ? No . He 's scared of you .
... must take every step in his power to crush the opposition . He says that the money will build new roads , schools and hospitals .|His opponents claim he is serving his own interests ... Where 's Danny tonight ?
Would you like a drink ?|Thanks .
Hello ?|Not like a moneylender to leave his rooms unattended . Perhaps he 's the trusting type .
Of course .|To our new venture .
You ? You have magic ? Yeah .|Anna helps . She helps me control it .
Not like a moneylender to leave his rooms unattended . Perhaps he 's the trusting type .|Too trusting , apparently .
Tell me more . Were you born with magic or cursed ?|Those are my two options ? I don 't know , I was raised in a place without magic . And I didn 't know I had these powers until recently , and I didn 't have any parents around to help me with them . Parents don 't always help .
D 'Artagnan ! Porthos !|D 'Artagnan !
D 'Artagnan !|This is his ledger . The entry for the note says it was purchased in gold by the German Count Daniel Mellendorf . Mellendorf and his daughter are hunting with the King . The beneficiary of the note didn 't sign his name , but he left a mark . We 've seen that before . Tattooed on the hand of one of the assassins . It 's the mark of Hugh O 'Neill , a Catholic chieftain who was exiled from Ireland , had his land taken . Men bearing this brand were O 'Neill 's private guard . Soldiers ? Much more than just soldiers . More like musketeers .
He 's never met you .|Besides , it 'll be a good chance for him to see how good we are together . OK . So , what are we doing ? Dunno . Are you working today ?
Good . You can come with me and get Mum 's present , then .|Come on .
Come on .|Where 's the money ?
I 'm very sorry I trapped us here . I didn 't mean it . I know .|Emma ? Emma .
You have a crossing to make . You 're wasting time .|Yeah , well , you ... you phone ahead . Tell them that I want the money . Of course .
Emma ? Emma .|GOLD : It appears our honeymoon is over . Yeah , there 's an emergency . Emma 's trapped under ice by a woman with some kind of ice magic . And this involves me because ? You 're the bloody Dark One . Do something . Well , I could melt the ice and destroy it with a thought . But that would also destroy your girlfriend . Is that what you want ? No one 's destroying anyone . Now , the woman who has Emma trapped is in there with her and she 's looking for her sister . Name of Anna . She thinks she 's in town because of something of hers she found in your shop . A necklace . Is that it ?
Joan ?|Joan . I 'm sorry , but we can 't win this . You have to go . Before Bo Peep returns . I brought some provisions . Get out of here . You can save yourself . No , she can 't .
The moneylender 's assassin was a woman . A woman ? Send the regiment after us ... the moment they return . Of course .|You were seen . Yet again , you were careless ! They said a woman . Paris is full of women . The promissory note is dealt with . They believe Mellendorf is behind all of this . It cannot be traced back to you . Mellendorf 's rooms are in the east wing in the hunting lodge . I believe this belongs to him .
You were never meant for marriage , Aramis . That was clear even then . You wouldn 't have been happy . With you , I would . You and I , somewhere in the country , children at our feet , without the excitement and adventure you crave ?|I cannot see it . Can you ?
It 's all right . Not your problem .|What have you planned for the weekend ? Anything fun ? I 'm just gonna drive down to London to see a friend .
I can find her . Always and forever .|So now all that 's left is for you and your mummy to pay me . Or hand over your farm .
Sorry , lambkins . We 're closed .|I need your help . You and me , we ain 't friends . Not interested .
Yes .|No , you can 't .
Why ? It was the right thing to do . Look at us now . We 've both found our true vocation . Mine to God , and yours to the sword .|We would have made each other miserable .
You said we 'd be in the first stages of construction by now .|But you know I said the authorities here are even slower than they are in the UK .
Right . I just have one .|Say hello .
We would have made each other miserable .|Believe me ... I acted out of kindness .
Now , my daughter 's in trouble and I need to find the person that can help her . Someone you branded . I 've branded a lot of people . Her name is Anna . She went by " Joan " back then . Do I look like I keep a record book ? 'Cause I don 't .|Then you know what I need .
Yes .|We 'd better block that up .
Yes , yes , we are . OK .|It 's Edwards . Brian Edwards .
She won 't keep it far from her . You 're looking for a shepherd 's crook .|Hey , hey . That 's my personal property . Give it up . Sorry .
Do you ever wonder if this is it , Cind ? You know . This . Us .|I mean , when I was a kid , this wasn 't exactly what I had in mind for myself . It never is . I just get the feeling that life 's passing me by . You know ? I mean , literally , at 70 miles an hour !
Hook ?|It 's that woman , Elsa . She said Emma 's passed out . She 's freezing to death .
A few years after I married , I too fell pregnant .|It was perfect . I could feel my child inside me ... .. moving and kicking .
We 'll get the next one .|Sorry I 'm late .
I got held up .|Lesson ? I ordered you a coffee .
James , it 's Karen . I 've got the document .|I made a copy of it , like you said .
I made a copy of it , like you said .|I 'll be there at seven , as agreed .
I 'll be fine . I 'm just getting changed . Well , seven o 'clock , remember ? You 're giving the opening speech . Don 't worry . I 'll be there .|The trip went well , since you ask . Sorry . You 're breaking up . What did you say ? Nothing . See you soon .
See ? Told you , you can 't win .|Actually ...
Maybe I can .|Where is Joan ?
I still can 't see what they 're building . They could be tunnelling . About what you saw ... I didn 't see anything , because I 've been in here all morning , so I couldn 't possibly have seen a thing , you understand ? These walls are too thick . The garrison would be here by then . I cannot believe you slept with the Queen ! I thought you didn 't see anything . They 'll hang you . And then they 'll hang me for letting it happen . More chance we 'll be killed here and take it with us to the grave . That 's a comfort !|So , you 're good ? Yeah . I should get back .
You did it . You fought . And you won .|Well , don 't be so surprised . It was your idea . Yeah , I just didn 't think we had the time . I mean , I hoped we did . And I had faith in you . Okay . You were right .
Besides , surely I 'm safer with you than in the care of unarmed nuns .|Whenever I hear the sound of hammering , I always think of St Joseph the carpenter . I doubt they 're building anything a saint would approve of . This is my convent , and I 'm going to defend it . So if there 's anything more I can do to help , anything ...
It was an impossible battle .|Which is why I had to fight it .
I 'm joking . It 's free .|But now it 'll taste better .
You take the Queen . Which way ? That way . Go . Go , go , go .|I 'll take care of this .
What news of the Queen ? The last we heard , she was still under attack , sire . Who would do this , dare to attack my Queen ? ! A promissory note was found on one of the assassins . Signed for by Count Mellendorf . Search his luggage ! Why ... Why would I want to kill the Queen ? !|A note promising the leader of the assassins , Charles Gallagher , safe passage to Germany , on proof of the death of Queen Anne . Father ?
Thank you .|Elsa ? Elsa . How 's Emma ?
A note promising the leader of the assassins , Charles Gallagher , safe passage to Germany , on proof of the death of Queen Anne . Father ?|This is not mine ! It 's ... I did not write this ! I have never seen this before ! Agh ! Your Majesty !
She 's freezing , turning blue .|No . Emma .
The Musketeers will protect Anne . They will not allow any harm to come to her !|What would I do without her ?
I need Anna .|Well , we don 't have her right now , but we have a way to find her . And we will . But right now , you 're gonna have to do this on your own . I can 't control this .
I know how you feel , you 're trapped .|It 's a battle you can 't win . But it 's exactly the kind of battle you have to fight . Or you 'll die .
It 's a battle you can 't win . But it 's exactly the kind of battle you have to fight . Or you 'll die .|No , I won 't , I 'll survive . But Emma ... Survival isn 't enough . You have to live .
No , I won 't , I 'll survive . But Emma ... Survival isn 't enough . You have to live .|Where did you hear that ? You know where .
Where did you hear that ? You know where .|Anna ? You knew her ?
They 've stopped shooting .|Did I mention this has to count ? Thanks for the reminder .
Hi . Sorry , I can 't come .|I 'm sorry .
Musketeers !|Argh !
She saved my life . And yours . And now , I need you to save Emma 's .|I didn 't know much about Anna , but she wouldn 't want you to live alone in an ice cave . Which is where you 'll be if you don 't melt that ice .
I didn 't know much about Anna , but she wouldn 't want you to live alone in an ice cave . Which is where you 'll be if you don 't melt that ice .|Now do it .
It 's working .|I can see her . Emma .
Everything 's important .|Yeah , whatever . Everything 's important .
Emma|Let 's get her home , warmed up .
Athos ! Aramis ! In here .|Everyone alive ? Why wouldn 't we be ?
Where 's Athos ?|Tell me who hired you and I 'll spare you the hangman 's noose .
So tiresome .|This is so annoying .
You did it . You saved her . Yes , I did .|But I also endangered her . You owe me nothing . I owe your sister everything . What I said was true . She helped me . And now I 'm gonna help you . This isn 't over . We 're gonna find Anna .
Hungry .|It 's hungry , too . Fuel .
Before he passed away , Monsieur Gallagher said there was money in his saddlebags to pay for the repair of the convent .|That 's all there is . Nothing else ?
Aramis is right , this isn 't the work of Mellendorf . It 's something much bigger . That flower is the signature of a woman who works for the Cardinal .|Please ! Please ! I have done nothing wrong ! Nothing at all . This is all some terrible misunderstanding . The evidence says otherwise . Forgeries . I don 't know any Gallagher .
Oh .|Oh , that 's good .
We should confront him now . Not here , and not until we are certain .|This woman you suspect , who is she ? She 's the most dangerous person I 've ever known . She won 't be easy to find . Your Majesty 's safe return is a cause of great rejoicing , and I have excellent news . The man behind the attack on your life is in custody , pending execution .
Gong is nice to me .|Might be able to work with Oh .
How many times have you cleaned those pistols tonight ? Respect your weapon , and it 'll respect you .|Another thing you need to learn if you want to be a good Musketeer .
What did Jo say ?|'An understanding of human nature . '
Then let 's find her .|I hope I 'll see both of you at the wedding . Consider this an early present . In case you get hungry on your journey . I love sandwiches .
Another thing you need to learn if you want to be a good Musketeer .|Athos . He 's taken a woman hostage . He 's threatening to kill her .
Thank you . I 'm glad I helped .|Can I ask you about the magic ? Like , with Bo Peep 's staff ? Is that usual around here ? Well , there 's always a bit of magic around these parts .
How 's the judging going ?|It feels bit awkward . Why did you agree to do it then ?
It feels bit awkward . Why did you agree to do it then ?|Many good films get buried unfairly . I want to do my bit to give them a chance .
Clear ! Get away ! Back ! Stand away ! Athos ! SHE GASPS Athos . Let her go . She is a liar ... and a murderer . And ... she is the Cardinal 's spy .|And she is my wife .
That sounds good .|You 're tall for a Korean . Really ? Do you like it ?
" Rumple ... " " Rumplestiltskin . "|Mmm .
Musketeers don 't die easily . can you kill them or not ?|If that 's what you want . This is your last chance . I suggest you take it .
We might not know where your sister is , but we know the most important thing .|She 's alive .
She 's alive .|Who 's alive ? Oh .
Why didn 't you tell me you were his wife ? Never came up .|The Cardinal is my patron and protector . He could be yours too .
Who are you ? Uh , this is Elsa . We 're gonna find her sister .|It 's what this family does . We find people . We always do . Because we really , really don 't like to give up .
Director Ku !|Director Kim 's here . Hi . Director Ku , good to see you . What brings you here ?
You can give up on yourself , but I 'm not gonna give up on you .|And I 'm not gonna go away just because you told me to . I belong here , and I 'm going to come back every day . Because this is my house , too .
Cut your losses . D 'Artagnan . There is no future for you in the Musketeers .|I don 't believe that .
I don 't believe that .|Believe that , then .
Henry .|Mom .
EMMA : You did this .|You might not totally control it , but this is amazing .
Were you always this short ? What 's it like to judge other people 's films ?|You know how it is .
I 'm Oh Jeonghee . It 's an honor . I 've seen your work .|Really ?
Let me take it down .|Why can 't I bring it down ? There 's no reason this thing should be staying frozen .
But his brother ...|Thomas , was mad with desire for me .
I can out drink anyone , even men . That 's amazing .|I 've not drunk so much in years . Really ? You 're a born drinker .
Thanks . Power outage must be your worst nightmare . You lose a lot of merchandise ? No . I didn 't lose anything .|Just lucky , I guess .
I had no choice .|I killed him .
I 'll go in now . Go on without me .|You can 't do that .
That 's grumpy Edna , the cook . That 's nice Mrs. Trinklebury . She looks after the little ones and lives in the village . And the handyman ... Oh , I forgot . Miss Adderstone fired him . She runs the orphanage . She 's horrible .|We live by Adderstone 's rules , No singing , no sweets , no TV ...
Because he discovered I was once a thief , he decided I must also be a murderer .|This is what he did ... to preserve his honour and status .
That 's me , Molly Moon . Come on , Molly . And that 's my friend , Rocky . Midnight feast .|Hush , hush , silly Petula . Mummy 's back .
Madame . I 've come to see d 'Artagnan . This won 't take long .|What do you want , Captain ? Athos has made it clear he can never serve at your side again . I cannot allow such dissent within the ranks . I 'm sorry , but your future lies elsewhere . What ? Resign your commission quickly , and I 'll see no dishonour is attached to your name . No ! I don 't deserve this . What have I done wrong ? I have not come here to judge you . I simply have to make a choice , and Athos is the finest soldier in the regiment . I choose him . There is nothing more to be said .
Ketchup sandwich .  Not so loud . Adderstone will hear . Ketchup !|GIRL : I love ketchup !
GIRL : I love ketchup !|MISS ADDERSTONE : What is going on here ? Out of bed after curfew ? Stealing from the kitchen ? Girls in the boys ' dormitory ? You thought it was bad before ... It was me , Miss Adderstone . It was my idea .
Be in the town square at midday .|You 'll get what you want .
You 'll get what you want .|Well , well , well !
Cheeky cow !|A toast , then .
Well , well , well !|Where you been ? In bed , injured . You weren 't alone , I think . How is Madame de la Chapelle ? Or is it Milady de Winter ? Ah , I lose track . She was well , last time I saw her , no thanks to her loving husband .
Your parents loved you very much . They died . They didn 't dump me .|You were very special to them , And you still are to all of us .
Wonderful ! You see that ? Just shot him . Boom ! Priceless ! Well , you 've hardly changed at all , have you , Milady ?|All of you . On your knees !
Bow your heads . you 're in the presence ... of a great artist .|We are all ... your humble servants , my queen .
My next film will draw two million . A film for two million .|I swear .
Was I ever like that ? You ? Oh , no , no . You were a different class .|Oh , you broke my heart when you left me , you know . Well , it 's difficult when you have no heart to break . Well , people like us can 't really afford feelings , can we ? I mean , what on earth would we do with ' em ?
You 're still a playboy . Very funny . I know all about you . Nothing I don 't know .|What do you know ?
Now you owe me , remember ? I can pay . Really ? I wonder . 100 livres . Oh , please . 200 ?|No , I think not . When the job is done , you will come back and you will work for me . Oh , not a chance .
Want me to shout it out ?|Ku is a skirt chaser !
From now on , no angry Petula .|Wow ! It actually worked ! You and me are friends now . There you are . You said you 'd practice with me . You 'll never believe ... I waited over an hour .
He wanted make films with me .|He had real passion and was devoted to me .
He had real passion and was devoted to me .|Two weeks later we set up a firm . But he had high ideals and a drinking problem .
No , I think not . When the job is done , you will come back and you will work for me . Oh , not a chance .|I 've outgrown you . Oh , well , you may have slightly nicer clothes , but underneath them there 's still that ... that whiff of the cheap little thief that I once knew .
I moved out three months later .|He had it tough for some time , made a film nobody knew about .
I don 't know why I bother , really . Nobody likes it , anyway . Smells nice . Oh ! What ? Your own recipe ? 'Course it 's my own flippin ' recipe . MOLLY : " Copy your subject . " This will help put them into a trance . "|Bloomin ' creepy , you are .
I 've outgrown you . Oh , well , you may have slightly nicer clothes , but underneath them there 's still that ... that whiff of the cheap little thief that I once knew .|And , anyway , you wouldn 't be here unless you were desperate .
Everything 's sorted out .|My wife does all the work .
My wife does all the work .|Sounds like a good wife .
Sounds like a good wife .|Not sure how to say this .
Hmm . Suppose it won 't hurt .|I do need a bloomin ' break .
Oh , here she is .|So , you just say the word ... and all my ... resources are yours .
Athos !|What do you want ? An apology for the way you 've treated me .
Not sure how this sounds , I 'd be dead now if it wasn 't for her .|You got married two years ago ?
Hey ! That 's enough ! I know what you did to your wife , Athos . I know your true character . You disgust me !|You 'll hear from my seconds ! This must be done properly , according to the rules ! Damn the rules . D 'Artagnan !
From Italy . Delicious , from Italy .|Buon appetito ! It 's really yummy .
We met when I was in high school .|Good to see you settled down .
I thought I would feel something more than this ... this emptiness .|Are you sorry you killed him ? Regrets are pointless .
I have a new life . No need to go to church .|I 've found my soul mate .
Are you sorry you killed him ? Regrets are pointless .|It 's help I need now . Aramis and Porthos will never forgive this . They 'll want revenge .
I didn 't believe in love before . All my relationships ended badly .|But you know what ?
But you know what ?|There is such a thing as a soul mate .
There 's someone else , isn 't there ?|I have just killed a man . It tends to dampen the mood . Not in my experience .
Well , perhaps you 're not Athos ... but , with the Cardinal 's help , I can still make something of you .|He 'll be expecting us by now .
Where is he ? Unfortunately ... d 'Artagnan is unable to attend .|He did , however ... send me to look after you .
I never said that . You 're a skirt chaser .|I didn 't expect to see you then .
I didn 't expect to see you then .|I was so jealous , I almost went . But how could I ? You 're the only friend I respect .
I need your protection . Protection ?|Protection ?
Second floor .|What do you want ? ! Speak !
What do you want ? ! Speak !|The sign , help wanted . It 's ... Oh , you want the job . Let 's start with the sewage tank . Ohh ! Ohh ! I want it finished Before the children get back from school .  Revolting .
MOLLY : " To lull your subject into a trance " , " Echo their feelings . See the world as they do . " Adderstone 's mad . " Beware . Angry people are difficult to hypnotize . "|" Find something that they are deeply attached to . " This thing could be a hobby , a piece of music , A favorite belonging . "
He said the house is a hundred years old .|Why am I here when I have a hotel room ?
CHILD : What the ... Oh , Mrs. Trinklebury ! Mrs. Trinklebury !|Girls ! Come quickly ! Come on . She 's fallen down the stairs . Quick , Molly ! Something awful 's happened !  Mrs. Trinklebury !
Tell Aramis and Porthos you 'll hand me over in exchange for the letter . Why should I do that when their intention was to destroy me ? No , no , no . This is personal now . I killed their friend . Their code of honour demands my death . Believe me . I know how they think . What about Treville ? He would never allow it . Treville would never need to know . Aramis knows where the letter is kept . Is he right about them ? They loved Athos . They would do anything to avenge his death .|And what do you want in return ? Your guarantee of my safety , and a commission in the Red Guards .
Get well soon , Trinkers .|But not too soon .
May I continue ?|His death ... is a tragic waste . Was a funeral strictly necessary ? But none of us could save him ... Milady might be watching . We had to make it convincing . It 's very emotional . from the demons ... There , there . He 's not actually dead . Still , it 's the thought that , you know ...
Do you know who you are ?|I had spiritual healing sessions .
Where is she ? Is he hiding her somewhere ? I know what you Musketeers are like . What are you talking about , Monsieur ? Madame Bonacieux left my house yesterday afternoon . I know she 's eloped with that wretch d 'Artagnan . Well , I 'll challenge him . I have no choice . Calm ... down . Right , tell us exactly what happened . I already have . She disappeared and hasn 't returned . Well , she 's not with d 'Artagnan , I can assure you that . A respectable woman doesn 't just disappear in broad daylight .|For goodness ' sake !
I heard a voice and saw it , with all my senses .|The voice said , 'Oh , you poor thing . '
3 , 2 ... 1 .|ROCKY : I 'm really nervous , you know . But Molly will turn up . You know that , don 't you ? But what if she doesn 't show up ? Gotta get the money .  Look who it is . You loser .
You were left on the front steps In a Moon 's Marshmallow box .|That 's how you got your name .
But no one knows what we are , how beautiful we are . Our Father !|But now I know .
If you ever fail in your duty again ...|I will not be so lenient .
I will not be so lenient .|My influence with the King is stronger than you can possibly imagine .
You have been warned ... Cardinal .|Athos was your friend .
You don 't know her well yet . People often misunderstand her . Unlike others , she can never be untruthful .|She 's never untrue to herself !
If I 'm not a human being , what am I ?|This is supposed to be a happy occasion .
This is supposed to be a happy occasion .|Have some of this . It 's cold here .
Did your revenge ... taste sweet ? For a moment ... and then something strange happened .|The world seemed diminished without you .
All for one .|And one for all .
Where is it ? I know you . Give it to me . You were in the library . Give me that book .|What book ? No . No , just ... Give it .
And one for all .|Oh !
All right , then ! Agh !|Ohh !
Beastly thing !|Ohh !
What do I do ?|I know .
Don 't cry .|You poor thing .
Yushin .|I love you .
Yes , yes , absolutely . Richard , I ... I think you 've got a visitor . For me ? Come on . Don 't keep the little lady waiting .|Molly ! Rocky !
Molly ! Rocky !|What are you doing here ? Nice suit . Nice hair , too .
Wait , wait , wait !|This is where I 'm staying . It 's brilliant . You can see the whole of London from ... Goodbye , Molly . I 'm sorry . I 've got to go .
I beg you , don 't leave .|I can 't leave him , not like this . He 's bluffing . We can 't know that . What if he really did it ?
Ladies and gentlemen , Miss Davina Nuttel ! Right here on the Charlie Cooper morning show !|So , Davina , tell us about your latest venture . Well , Charlie , I 'm in a TV special . So many people love me . We just wanted to find a way to share me with everyone . " So many people love me ! I 'm just going to explode ! "
I 've stopped considering you as a human being .|How drunk you were last night is irrelevant .
Sorry , I have to hurry somewhere . Where to ? I need to sort out a misunderstanding . Good luck .|I 'm so excited about working together .
Get Bu for me . He 's here !|What ?
Er ... the Queen would like to rest in private .|We will celebrate later .
How dare you show your face !|Why are you shouting ?
Why are you shouting ?|You have no idea .
It will be a boy .|I 'm certain of it .
I pray he will have his mother 's great wisdom ... and judgment . And his father 's courage .|I will watch over your son and guard him with all my strength and heart .
I will watch over your son and guard him with all my strength and heart .|I will lay down my life for him if necessary .
You 're dead ! How dare you !|I could kill you now ! Why are you doing this ? You have no idea ! Shut up , fucking asshole ! I 'll kill you ! O.K. I 'm going .
I will lay down my life for him if necessary .|He will have no more devoted servant .
Let go .|It 's been a tough day for me .
Need that book ! |Molly Moon . Molly , it 's me , Gerry . Gerry ! How did you know where I was ? We heard about you on the radio . How is Mrs. Trinklebury ? She 's getting better . She 's still in hospital . Is Miss Adderstone looking after you , Now that she 's being nice ? Kind of . She 's still behaving funny . She lets us look after ourself now . What about Edna ? She 's left . She 's gone to open a restaurant in Italy . Did you find Rocky ? Yes . He 's happy where he is . When are you coming home , Molly ?  One second , Gerry . I have to take this other call .
Hm .|I can live with that .
I can live with that .|For honour , then . Still , a little money would be nice .
You know I won 't .|I 'd never leave you , baby .
Luckily I won 't need stitches .|I 'll go back to Seoul . Can 't do anything here .
I 'll say I 'll watch the films on DVDs . They 'll prefer that to me just quitting .|Gong said she 'd come to the hotel .
Need to think about a boarding school for Richard . Really ? Why aren 't we taking him with us ? Oh , goodness , no . Disrupt his education And his music studies .|Hello , Mum . Have you found her yet ?
I 'll let them know what I think in two days .|She tidied up all the loose ends .
Her ? You , I totally get . Okay , so we all know our assignments . Yes , I 'll call the hot journalist . We 'll take care of the mayor 's body . I 'll deal with the mistresses . And I 'll call the hot journalist . You already said that . I know , but I really like my assignment .|There 's the mayor .
You never bought drinks for the volunteers .|You 're always drinking yourself .
Five minutes to showtime !|I 've done what I can , Petula .
Yes , sorry .|Why are you like that ?
I 'm definitely gonna get fired . Why ? I used to be a great journalist . At least my old editor thought so . It was compliments , like , all the time . Now my new editor 's like , " check your facts ! " Get sources ! Put your shirt on ! " Wild guess . Your old editor was a woman , your new editor is a man . Wow , beautiful and smart . Oh . You . Listen , I would just love to help you , but the mayor died of natural causes . You know , no scandal , no mistresses . Mistresses , I wouldn 't have thought of that . No , no , no . No , no mistresses . There 's the story . Thanks , Melanie . But wait ! I said no mistresses ! Oh , damn it , Melanie ! Now you 're just beautiful . We have a new problem . Somebody blabbed to the press about the mistresses .|Who 's that ? That 's me ! I replaced my picture . It 's from a few years ago , but it 's obviously still me . Could we write " Melanie " on that , so we 'll know who it is ?
That night , you got everyone to leave . Sorry ? You led everyone out of the room .|Oh , that night ? The door wouldn 't open after we came out . You have no idea how crazy that woman was .
She 's so famous !  ANNOUNCER : Molly Moon !|Please let this work .
Well ...|Look into my eyes .
A hard time ?|I was raped .
Hello , Melanie . Dane , how did you get in here ? This is a sealed crime scene . No press allowed . I know , but the policewoman at the door patted me down a few times and let me right in . What are you doing here ? Well , um , I 'm here to , um , prepare the room for the next acting mayor , and these are the decorators . Yes , I 'm a decorator , you handsome guy , you . You 're gay ? I thought I just heard you talking about kissing her . Well , I 'm straight for Joy . I 'm just gay for design .|We became a couple last night , but we haven 't had our first kiss yet . You don 't plan your first kiss . You take it .
Hold on ! I know that you were having an affair with the mayor and that you two moved the body . Oh , come on !|The mayor died of natural causes . You said you weren 't chasing this story anymore . I wasn 't . But Melanie gave me some good advice . She told me to find something I 'm interested in . And unfortunately , I 'm interested in her . Really ? He said " unfortunately , " Melanie .
NCIS Season 12 Episode 12 The Enemy Within Synchro : Gaillots Kujathemas|Rereading : Bruno
I couldn 't put up a real fight .|I was too drunk .
So that 's how you do it .|Who are you ? Who am I ? Do you live under a rock ? Get out , or I 'll call security . Give me the book , darlin ' . You must be joking . Horrible little man . Just , you know ...
Give me the book . Come on . Give me the book . Give it ... Do you mean this ? Aah !|MAN : Yeah , yeah . I 'm checking it out .
I don 't believe it . Seriously ? Got better kids in the infant class .|Molly Moon , you are a star . Welcome to showbiz . Molly , Molly , How does it feel to be toast of the town ? I feel right at home . MAN : Do you think fame will change you ? Of course it won 't . Your family must be so proud . Are they here tonight ?
I got into a fight .|Up against three guys . I had no chance . What happened ?
Davina ?|I know what you 're up to , And I know your secret . You just hypnotize people to get what you want . Six years of ballet lessons , Tap lessons , singing lessons , And you just bat your eyelashes and waltz in .
I just wanted what you had . You 're the star .|I thought I could make everything great , But I didn 't at all . I don 't want this anymore .
This is yours .|Thank you .
Took a leave of absence , get his act together .|Bureau assured him that every agency is going after Mishnev . Were he and Diane gonna get married again ?
Thank you .|Pass those round .
I was a bit of a monster .|We 've both made mistakes , Davina .
I 'm begging the U.S. government . Please give them the money that they 're asking for so I can get home .|If you don 't , they 're gonna kill me .
Twice . Really ? Thanks .|Can I have a cigarette ?
I 'm on the way down . McGee , thanks for trying to get that call .|I 'm just gonna get some paper towels .
O.K.|Hope you don 't mind seeing it again . O.K.
Hope you don 't mind seeing it again . O.K.|What do you feel like eating ?
MOLLY : Rob a bank ? I can 't rob a bank . I 'm not a criminal . Don 't fool yourself . You conned your way into fame and fortune , didn 't you ? How would that look on a billboard ? I was just trying ... You 're a natural , all right ? And we 're not robbing a bank . We are robbing the people who are robbing a bank .|Cregg .
You might know his wife . She 's our college junior .|I didn 't know her at college though .
NOCKMAN : Right . We 'll wait for Cregg 's men To come out of the bank In the security truck . It will be stuffed with jewels . Then you do as you 're told .|Where did she come from ? Where 'd she go ?
Is it his second marriage ?|He dragged things on and got a divorce two years ago . He married again last year .
Who is she ?|I have to think about that before I tell you .
I have to think about that before I tell you .|It 's about his privacy . I can 'tjust tell you .
What are you doing here ? We 'd like to ask you a few questions about your son .|Kyle 's not here . He 's traveling in Greece . Why don 't we talk inside ?
You understand , right ?|Yes .
Yes .|He wouldn 't want me to divulge his private matters . I see .
The State Department should be pleased . Thanks .|But you appear concerned . I am . That 's why I asked you to review it . I feel like I missed something .
You 've been acting so ... you know , nice . You haven 't abused me in days .|If you would like me to abuse you , I will abuse you .
This is McGee from NCIS . We called earlier .|Yeah , you did not sound so cute on the phone .
Asking myself what I really know . Seeing everything a fresh without fixed ideas . Finding something new , appreciating each moment . Right now !|You 're not a film director , but a philosopher .
Oh , hi , sweetheart . Are you Tiffany ?|Just so you guys know , I haven 't seen or spoken to Kyle in months . Well , his mother said that you two broke up while you were in Europe ?
Perhaps not , hmm ?|Rocky ! Shh .
He wants you to lock it again with your eyes ...|Using the mirrors When they 're both In the back of the truck . Come on , Tony ! Don 't just stand there ! Come on . Help me ! We 've got one more load , And we 're done ! Take this .
Just so you guys know , I haven 't seen or spoken to Kyle in months . Well , his mother said that you two broke up while you were in Europe ?|There a reason ?
He works hard for his popularity .|A crazy woman !
You think you know someone , but ...|He began hanging out with people that I didn 't like .
That 's so lame . Can I pour you one ?|Thanks .
MOLLY : Aw , they look happy now .|We 've got to get those jewels back , don 't we , Nockman ?
So tell them you 're going to Briersville , hmm , And they 'll tell you where to change trains . So what are you going to do now , Nockman , Find another bank to rob ? No . I don 't want to end up like my Mum . In prison .|She 's all I had .
How about an arm wrestle ?|An arm wrestle ? Go on , sir . Please , sir .
You must have friends .|We can be your friends . You know where we are . Come and visit us .
Thank you .|I will .
Move over . I want to try .|One , two , three .
How you doing , man ? I 'm okay , DiNozzo .|I was working undercover before ...
Move over .|Excuse me .
Is that all you 've got ?|How embarrassing ! Have a go , sir . This way , sir . What did I say earlier ? Don 't be cheeky !
How embarrassing ! Have a go , sir . This way , sir . What did I say earlier ? Don 't be cheeky !|Have a go , Mr. Yhang . This is fun . Shall I ?
Here we go then .|You 're strong . You 're not bad yourself . It 's tough even for younger men to last that long .
Molly ! Rocky ! You 're home !|We missed you . Yay ! Molly !
You . I missed all of you .|Wow . Even you , Hazel .
Abs , what is it ?|I was reconstructing an external laptop drive the Seals brought in . It was damaged in the raid . Yeah , but you were able to recover some information ?
Thanks , Molly . Do we all get presents ? Of course . There 's something for everyone .|We all get presents ! ROCKY : Where 's Adderstone ? GEMMA : She 's in her room . She hardly ever comes out anymore . So who 's looking after you ? I am . Oh , Mrs. Trinklebury !
Right , let 's all go in . Come on .|Come on in . Have you been drinking ? Yes , I met someone on the way .
Chesterfield Hotel .|Boss , he 's headed towards the Chesterfield Hotel .
Thanks . I appreciate it .|I wasn 't going to say it but as we 're all drinking , I 'll make a confession . You 're the reason for my becoming a film director . Really ?
Conventionality is the worst crime in art .|Art is all about creating something new for the senses . Jump into the water with a blank canvas . You 're a genius .
Fingerprints and blood type match . Abby is comparing DNA . All identifying scars , marks and tattoos are present , but a cursory examination turned up some curious facts . See these cuts and nicks on his face ?|Razor burn ? Suggesting a recently shaved beard .
Hey , Zoe . So this is what you do when you tell me you 're working hard at the office .|Well , you know ...
" My darling daughter . "|Haven 't seen you for some time . I have something of yours .
I was a little lightheaded .|What did I leave ?
Very pretty .|You think so ?
Yeah , listen . This place is a henhouse . It practically runs on gossip , and I do not want to be topic number one .|And we 're doing pretty good in this relationship , right ? Right .
Don 't hide anything . It 's absurd to pretend to be someone else .|I 'm talking too much . No , what you said is true .
I don 't want to spoil it .|You 're very dangerous . Okay , no , it looks good to me . I think your eyes are just fine . I 'll take you down to Abby 's lab .
You 're right . I agree .|You 're fascinating .
Did you need something ?|You had mentioned that you needed help with the encrypted files on your laptop .
I totally did . I forgot . I 'm sorry .|Is everybody okay ?
Sorry .|It 's a reminder to pick up Emily from her ballet class . Go .
Cheers !|He 's had a lot .
If you need somebody to talk to , we got a lot in common .|Is he all right ?
I 'm drunk , Woods . I know you are . Don 't be scared .|Can you forgive me , Gary , for what I just did a minute ago ?
Can I have a look around upstairs ? No , it 's too messy .|I 'm going to bed . Wake me up later .
I 'm going to bed . Wake me up later .|Good night .
You were kidnapped and held for ransom halfway around the world . That 's all about money .|There 's no purpose in them coming after you here . But I would like to ask you about someone else . We believe that there was another American terrorist in the apartment where you were being held captive .
Good morning .|Oh dear .
I get headaches in Seoul . I get tired after a day .|I couldn 't live anywhere else . It 's lovely here . It 's a blessing to have this island in Korea . It 's my second marriage . Not sure how this sounds , but I 've waited for her all my life .
Just ... around , really .|Cop off ?
I 'm living a new life .|Got very drunk last night because I was with you . You too , right ?
I don 't remember anything .|I don 't remember either . You drank a lot . That 's right .
ELSA : It should be melting away . I 'm the only one with this power . I should be able to undo it .|I know this town might seem strange at first , but you do get used to it . And Roland loves it here .
And I don 't believe that I 've met the beautiful mother .|Oh , this is Marian . It is lovely to finally meet you , Marian .
I didn 't look for her but always wondered about her .|I 've been grateful to her for considering it for a whole day .
Well , since you 've been through such an ordeal , the least I can do is get you something , on the house . What flavor would you like ?|I don 't know . In our world , the flavor choices of ice were dirt and mud .
Thank you . That 's very kind . No , thank you . Seeing a happy family like yours in here really warms my heart .|ROBIN HOOD : Mmm .
Eleanor , thank you .|You talk about
Why did you come ?|I really didn 't know .
BELLE : Fine .|I command you , Dark One , to tell them the truth .
Emily and how she 's dealing with Diane 's death .|But ... how are you doing ?
ELSA : So no one has heard from Anna ? There 's been no sightings from any of the scouts ?|Since you asked me 10 seconds ago ? Nope .
This needs to end before he hurts himself or anyone else .|Finally got into the external hard drives . I 'm downloading the files to my computer . Once cleaned , we should be able to view them .
Really ?|I am a decent cook . I clean and cook better than most . That 's great .
She knows me too well . It 's not hard to see . You 're a softie , beneath that " Obey me , I 'm the Queen " thing .|Why is it your compliments are so aggravating ? Well , I start out that way . But you 'll warm up to me .
Look at him !|We 've been here for two hours .
Led by Prince Hans .|Well , I know every inch of those mountains . Let me sneak up there and see what he 's up to . I didn 't realize the official Arendelle Ice Master and Deliverer got a say in matters .
Something 's not right . I concur .|He doesn 't fit the profile of a jihadi terrorist . He allowed himself to be taken captive rather than seek martyrdom like his fanatical friend .
Marian !|Marian !
Everything I 'd forgotten about .|Really ? I 'll tell you after I finish . Eat first . This is really good .
Really ? I 'll tell you after I finish . Eat first . This is really good .|Could have made you something nicer . This is perfect .
Bring us some more . Sure , I 'll do that .|He said he 'd take me to a taxi stand but we stopped on the way .
How 's the squid ? Very fresh .|I envy you both , living here . We have a quiet life here . Drink rice wine and eat good food . And I love watching TV nowadays . I see .
I 'm at NCIS , honey . I 'm leaving right now . I 'll be home in 20 minutes .|I love you .
And things never work out for the villain .|So I want to find who wrote this book and make them ... Ask them to write me a happy ending .
Do you think you could do me a big favor and help me finish these ECD documents .|You got somewhere to be , DiNozzo ?
But , I realized he didn 't love me .|I lost my virginity to him .
Oh , Regina ?  Can we talk ?|What are you doing here ? It 's Marian . Something 's happened to her .
What are you doing here ? It 's Marian . Something 's happened to her .|I 'm sorry , I didn 't know who else to turn to . I need your help .
But he turned out to be lazy .|I considered suicide for the first time .
I married him and worked hard at the marriage .|But , I was becoming superficial .
Is there anything you can do ?|This is strong magic . I can 't stop it , but maybe I can slow it down .
Perhaps you should ask your new friend .|After all , it was her monster that attacked Marian . Well , to be fair , we did provoke the beast . But this isn 't my magic . Someone else did this . Oh , and we 're supposed to trust you ? You can trust me . If she says it was someone else , it was .
Frame 's too high . Yeah .|Hello ? Hey , Moz , the Lamson is missing a Thayer . I didn 't steal it . I know . Reward ? Sizable . All right . I 'm on it .
Sorry . That 's O.K. It 's not O.K. I hate feeling embarrassed .|I 'm sorry .
Let 's go .|Thanks .
Thanks .|Thanks for the meal .
What 's up , Peter ? Got news about the painting . Meet me in the office . On my way .|Got to go back to the office . We 'll talk later .
What are we talking about ? I 've got a big problem . Yeah .|Great , great . Overnight it . I found the painting . How did you find it ? I found it . Where ? It was fenced to a textile magnate in Dubai . A hotel heiress in Budapest just turned hers in . Good news . You found the painting overseas . Scotland yard has it . It 's also in Dubai and Budapest . What ? They 're forgeries . All of them ? How do you know ? Because customs clamps down when a theft occurs . The risks of getting the original out are too high . But if you make forgeries ahead of time and take them out of the country before the heist , you 're in the clear . Steal the Thayer , leak the theft to the press , then sell the forgeries . And the original never leaves the country . You 've seen this scam before ? I know someone who ... allegedly . ... Allegedly pulled it off before . We have a copycat on our hands . Who are they copycatting ? Me .
Seems like the Savior needs saving these days . I think you 're bitter and you 're taking it out on the wrong person .|I 'll be fine .
This is her .|My fault ? ! It 's your fault ! This would never have happened if you kept a lower profile ! That 's why I work in code . Anything I can do ? I don 't need your help . She needs your help . Alex ? Someone 's looking for her . Who ? She thinks it has something to do with the music box . Why ? Well , she thinks ... just let her talk . I don 't know who , but they 've got a powerful reach , and they 've turned over a lot of stones . All right , what can I do ?
Krugerrands ? I needed the money to disappear . I hooked her up with someone who deals in Krugerrands . I 've been fencing some in increments . Who 's the guy ? Russell Smith . Old friend from Detroit . Some friend ... Russell found out someone 's looking for me , and now he 's gonna sell me out . I need you to shut him up . Short of killing him , I 'm open to ideas . All right . Give me some time . I 'll figure something out .|You know I won 't let anything happen to you .
But she 'll be glad , Sven . You 'll see . She just doesn 't know it yet . Now stay put , buddy .|Wow , he wasn 't exaggerating ! He really does have 12 brothers .
I met the first when I was 23 . All the girls liked him and I loved him to death .|I broke up with him when I realized he didn 't love me .
I didn 't want to be swayed by a man 's handsome profile .|I decided to find someone sweet and have a happy life .
I figured living alone was stupid .|I chose two men .
And Blanchard overshot his landing . He , uh , slipped on the tiles but saved himself by grabbing a railing on the castle 's roof . So I 'd say he loses marks for style . Excuse me ... I believe we have a celebrity in our midst . This is Mr. Neal Caffrey . To what do we owe the honor , sir ? I understand you study the best criminals . I share that interest .|Wow . You ... you seem like a very capable teacher . Oh , please . You know , you would be a far better t ... hey , why don 't you ... could you come up here and answer some ques ... class , wouldn 't you love to have Neal Caffrey up here , teaching ? Come on .
I should be .|I was . Uh , I mean ... I went to spy on Hans , okay ? You disobeyed me . Punish me after I tell you what I found .
Now I have a life with Mr. Yang . I respect him .|He may be old but there 's an innocence about him .
When executing a heist , Mr. Caffrey , do you prefer boxers or briefs ?|I think some things are better left to the imagination .
Welcome to the North Valley .  The cave is about 100 feet straight down .|Not a problem . Would you prefer a slide or a spiral staircase ? Whoa , whoa . No , no , no , we can 't use magic . Hans might see it and be right on top of us .
There 's not much written about your arrest . How 'd you get caught ?|Momentary lapse in concentration . So the FBI had nothing to with it ? Oh , they 'd like to take credit for it , but essentially , I turned myself in .
Thanks .|I 've seen your films . They 're just like you . You put your own life story in them ! Can 't talk about anything else . I don 't even know myself .
I 've seen your films . They 're just like you . You put your own life story in them ! Can 't talk about anything else . I don 't even know myself .|You 're so pretty !
That means go , love .|I 'm not coming with you .
You 're the most beautiful woman in the world .|Really ?
200 bucks says he 's right .|No . I can 't take your money . Why not ? You can 't make bets with girls ?
And that 's your card . And , no , it 's not . Well , that was supposed to be your card . Now , I guess he was right .|Sorry . I believe this is her card , Eric . She and Caffrey played you . She 's his , uh , " inside man , " if you will . Nice catch . Look , we weren 't gonna take your money . Yeah , right . Check your pocket .
Sorry . I believe this is her card , Eric . She and Caffrey played you . She 's his , uh , " inside man , " if you will . Nice catch . Look , we weren 't gonna take your money . Yeah , right . Check your pocket .|I guess the lesson here is never con a con man . I think we all know what the lesson is for today , don 't we , Eric ? Yeah . Yeah , I guess I 'm not the smartest guy in the room .
Am I a bitch now ? You 're not a bitch .|The person you called is unavailable
Everything is all set , okay ? ! You can 't back out now ! Okay , look , keep your voice down , okay ? He saw m it 's over . You can 't walk away . I already have a buyer . Then get someone else to make the grab , or tell your buyer to back off . So I 'm out a ton of money because you made a stupid mistake and got spotted ? ! Yes . You know , thanks for nothing , Caffrey ! What 's she talking about ? I think she 's talking about money . That 's good , that 's good . Now walk away . Can I slap you ? Aah !|I bet that hurt . Sorry about that . That 's a little awkward . Lovers ' quarrel ? We have a history . You know , we just ... we don 't work well together . Sounded like a certain job went awry . I 'm reformed , remember ? Yes , of course . All right , listen , um ... I have a class to teach . So , why don 't you keep brainstorming , and , uh ... Remember , in this theoretical discussion , there 's no better teacher than this man here . All right ? See you all later .
I bet that hurt . Sorry about that . That 's a little awkward . Lovers ' quarrel ? We have a history . You know , we just ... we don 't work well together . Sounded like a certain job went awry . I 'm reformed , remember ? Yes , of course . All right , listen , um ... I have a class to teach . So , why don 't you keep brainstorming , and , uh ... Remember , in this theoretical discussion , there 's no better teacher than this man here . All right ? See you all later .|You know , you can tell us . What 's your history ? Former girlfriend ?
You 're my soul mate .|What do you mean , 'soul mate ' ?
Gold .|You 're sure the kids will be there ? Yeah , they 'll be here . They think this is gonna be the easiest score they 've ever pulled . Oswald better show . He will . The kids get me the Krugerrands , I drop them in the locker , and Oswald delivers them to his fence . Just like that ? Just like that .
I 'd stop despising myself , a human one minute , and an animal the next .|But I 'm only doing this today . I can do what I want . And I 'm married .
But I 'm only doing this today . I can do what I want . And I 'm married .|Let 's be thankful for now .
Let 's be thankful for now .|I 'm going to have a good life .
Peter .|Peter , can I talk to you ?
Yeah , because you missed it with Emma .|I don 't remember scheduling a session .
I don 't remember scheduling a session .|I 'm sorry . Um ...  I just can 't help myself , but , you know , it 's really okay . It 's actually healthy to not be joined at the hip .
Until death . Now I realize , only one person can save me .|And that 's you .
Neal taught me a few things .|Emma , it doesn 't look like ... Wait . Shh . Listen .
Emma , it doesn 't look like ... Wait . Shh . Listen .|I don 't hear nothing . Exactly . No compressor hum means no cooling system . Smart ass here was telling the truth . Something 's not right here . Check the back . You 'll see how right I am .
Why are you going through it ? Shut up , you shit ! You know what you did ? You directors are all fucked up !|Do you have a conscience ? With his wife !
Leaving a trail . I 'm more accustomed to outrunning bad weather than following it . Snow isn 't bad . And we 're following magic .|Tried to outrun that , too , when given the chance .
Tried to outrun that , too , when given the chance .|What 's so funny ? It 's just Emma has magic and you clearly don 't want to outrun her . More like the other way around .
I 'll need your account and routing number . Testing me , were you ?|There you go .
You married ? No|What was this for ? To hack me to death ? Put that down ! How impudent !
Can I go out for a cigarette ?|We just let him go out ?
Just a guess . Does it matter ? Let 's destroy it and get out of here . What if it can tell me if there are others like me ? I 'm the only one in my family born with magic . I 'd like to know why . Elsa , I know you want answers . But right now we can get rid of that urn for your own good , and Arendelle 's .|I want to know what it says . I might not get another chance . Please , Elsa , you have to trust me . No !
Goodbye , Neal . Alex .|Be careful .
I have to take your word for it , since I wasn 't there .|Please believe me . What shall we do ? Bring her back . She might do something silly .
Please believe me . What shall we do ? Bring her back . She might do something silly .|How about him ? He 's run off , the dirty asshole . Mind your language . He 's a person like you .
Now .|KILLIAN : I 'd say we 're on the right track .
Yes .|Go tell her not to worry .
She doesn 't look evil . Yeah , well , looks can be deceiving , love . So let 's just stay out of sight . I haven 't a fondness of icebergs and I 'd rather avoid being turned into one .|This is the man she is to marry ?  In fairness , I never tried to kill her . I didn 't try to kill her . I left her to die . Important distinction .
That 's the last piece of the music box .|I 'm giving up my obsession . You 're suggesting I give up mine ? Kate 's gone . The rest of us are still here .
But I 'm happy to kill you . Please ! No ! Don 't hurt him .|Then give me the urn .
Why are you crying ? Has something happened to you ?|Go find her .
KRISTOFF : Elsa , don 't . It doesn 't matter what happens to me , just don 't let him have it .|ELSA : Wait !
Showed them .  Now I 'll show you . You don 't belong in this world . You don 't belong anywhere . Which is why I 'm gonna put you somewhere where it 's like you don 't even exist .|The citizens of Arendelle will cheer when I take the kingdom , because they 'll finally have a real ruler .
You ran off earlier , remember ? Stop it .|You don 't respect Mr. Yang . You 're just using him .
You don 't respect Mr. Yang . You 're just using him .|I 'm off . Really ?
I don 't know if I can go that long without seeing Joe . Not Joe ! The dog ! I already called Mitch and Cameron . They 're gonna take her . For a week ? ! She 'll be traumatized ! She 's very sensitive ! She scrapes her butt on the driveway . Why don 't you like her ? She 's never done anything to you . Ay , look ! My face cream !|Do you know how much this costs ? No . How much ? Don 't change the subject ! The dog goes now !
You know , now that I think about it , I could be allergic to Stella . I 've been a little stuffy since we got her . You were stuffy long before Stella . Do you not remember scolding that waiter at Chuck E. Cheese for serving you from the right ?|Victorian .
It 's okay . He 's okay . His name 's Kristoff .|He 's my friend .
Teenagers , huh ? Yeah , it 's been happening more and more , but it 's natural . Kids that age want distance . One day , they 're holding your hand so tight it hurts . The next day , they 're eating the apple you kind of wanted . Not me .|I never turned down an offer to hang with my dad . Luckily for him , he died before my rebellious teenage years .
We 've waited long enough . We have to find Emma .|SNOW QUEEN : I 'm sorry .
Let go of him now .|Not when you and I have so much catching up to do , my sweet Elsa . Catching up ? You know her ?
Don 't get me wrong .|I 'm not a nymphomaniac . Why did you marry him then ?
Not when you and I have so much catching up to do , my sweet Elsa . Catching up ? You know her ?|I 've never seen her before . You 've simply forgotten .
I want to talk to you .|Now , honey , you 're gonna live here from now on .
You wonder how you ended up trapped in that urn ? It was your sister .|Anna put you there .
Don 't live your life like that . You 'll end up alone .|You don 't know me . Don 't be so presumptuous .
It 's hard to get someone 's heart , right ?|Yes .
You 're texting her to try and find out something to use against me . I 'm not texting Ophelia . Ophelia has access to Ted who has access to me .|That would be my play .
Good luck . Call me if you need any help .|Bye .
I was more excited that day I 'd ever been in my whole life .|Next up , Clifton and Ludlow . up for Clifton and Ludlow .
Last night was fun .|Let me know what Ophelia finds out .
Though I was going inside as a visitor I was certain I 'd come out a journalist .|How could I have known life had in store ? I thought I was ready .
How could I have known life had in store ? I thought I was ready .|Seven , please ?
Ah . Liam . You look tired , Darling . Come here .|Mm .
WO feed them , Margaret .|Why don 't you take to eat before you leave ? Thank you , ma 'am , uh , we only take when we work . I can 't let you leave hungry . Better be quick . I 've already seen Culver dive headfirst into the nuts .
I was waiting for the right moment .  I didn 't want to overwhelm you . Did I ?|No ! I ... Well , a bit . Yes . Mother never told me she had a sister .
It was good to finally talk to you . I 've wanted to .|Thank you . I appreciate it . That 's what I do . Well , actually it 's not but
At least they photoshopped your face on a younger woman 's body , Mother .|Walk away . Everyone but you . Go .
Do you think this hurts me ? It seems like it somewhat upsets you . Yes . It doesn 't . It hurts you . 'Cause when the people read this and when they vote to disband the Monarchy , you 're gonna realize that you need this world more than any of us .|Remind me what your talents are , other than ingesting other people 's drugs and being young and ... somewhat attractive ? For now .
 Roland 's with Little John now .|I wish I could have told him I did everything I could .
Just let them go . Betty Lou ! let them go .|Oh , what a pity . I had no idea . Well , he lost his job months ago , They 've been selling eggs just to get by .
But we both know you won 't be .|Dad , I 'm home !
But there 's a reason that kiss didn 't work , and it 's not what everyone thinks .|I 'm in love with someone else .
You are ?|Yes . But ...
The purple looks nice , but for what it 's worth , you look sexier in black .|Yes , well , that might be worth something if it weren 't coming from you , Jasper . But as it is , it 's worth nothing . Off you go .
I know you have to go back to her . She 's still your wife . I 'm sorry I dragged you into this .|You really need to clean that vault out . But I found it .
" Grace . Can 't feed her anymore . "|Can we take her ?
Can we take her ?|Wha ... ? No . She can be my birthday present for this year next year and forever . I 'm sorry , sweetheart .
You 're sure you still want me to do this ?|Yes .
Regardless , as in most matters , son , it 's important to have both points of view . I 'd like to hear theirs . I think you should , too . Now ... Now we 're about to meet the Dragon King of Maruvia . He 's traveled quite a distance to spend a few minutes with us . The least we can do is be on time .|Your Majesty . My apologies for keeping you waiting . Please . It is an honor to be in your home ... and a pleasure to see you again .
The bow steady and true , like your father .|The arrows strong and sure like the son .
She said yes . She said yes . coming home .|I 'll take care of you . Don 't worry .
Swan , don 't make a man drink alone . I 'm not in the mood for a drink . Or a man . I 'm sorry I didn 't listen to you today . I know you feel like you 've got the weight of the world on your shoulders , but at some point , even though we 're quite different , you 've got to trust me . That 's what you think this is about ? That I don 't trust you ? Is that not what it 's about ? Of course I trust you . Then why do you keep pulling away from me ? Because everyone I 've ever been with is dead .|Neal and Graham . Even Walsh .
The arrows strong and sure like the son .|Alone ... ineffective . But together ... undeniable . Please accept these gifts , and know that your family inspires us all .
Find out where her show is taking place . See what Tweedledee and Tweedledumbass know .|Ah . My daughter 's security detail .
There 's no shame families helping each other . Hmm . Hard to think of you this way , Margaret . Saving leftovers .|We like leftovers .
What 's that noise ? Oh , you haven 't met our newest addition , She 's normally very quiet , Hendrick . Except for when she snores . the drool . It seems to me the last thing you need another mouth to feed .|Well , luckily , she doesn 't eat very much .
Well , luckily , she doesn 't eat very much .|Come on , Grace . Come on . Good girl .
Come on , Grace . Come on . Good girl .|Shouldn 't you fellows be getting on back wherever it is you live ?
Shouldn 't you fellows be getting on back wherever it is you live ?|Yes , sir .
Don 't worry , dearie , it 's only me .|Sorry things didn 't work out the way you wanted .
Ooh . That 's ... not entirely uncomfortable . Oh , quite nice , actually .|All the King 's men . What could you possibly need that for ? We 're meant to be in Lenny 's show . Modeling what , Ed Hardy butt plugs ?
I have a ton of stuff left on my royal calendar . I can 't get high . I got news for you , big brother by four minutes . That calendar is the very reason they invented getting high . Hit the bong . You want to . You need to .|Here 's a thought . Why don 't we go out tonight , like old times ? Yeah . I could do that . Yeah , that 's the spirit . I can tell when you need to get out of your head , especially about Ophelia .
Why were you there , Dad ?|The bank took the car dealership .
OK , OK , OK , come on . Come on .|Whoa !
Here 's a thought . Why don 't we go out tonight , like old times ? Yeah . I could do that . Yeah , that 's the spirit . I can tell when you need to get out of your head , especially about Ophelia .|So whatever you did , or whoever you did we 'll go out and we 'll do something worse and it won 't seem so bad .
Where 's our car ?|Daddy .
Back to the palace , Your Highness ? Nice try . We 're following Liam and Gemma to an after hours . So blackmail sex will have to wait tonight , Jasper from Nevada .|Or is it Jasper from Shoreditch ?
Scott , can you hear me ? Whoaagh !|Thunderbird 3 , looks like we 're in for another hit .
But , Mother , it was Roger 's fault . Oh , Kit . Please don 't take everything say so personally .|Everyone 's in trouble these days . In fact , we 've had to move things into the attic . The attic ? Why ? Your mother and I have decided gonna take in boarders .
Everyone 's in trouble these days . In fact , we 've had to move things into the attic . The attic ? Why ? Your mother and I have decided gonna take in boarders .|Boarders ? Like strangers ? That are gonna come and live in our house eat our food and sit on our sofa ? There 's no shame in it , honey . Lots of people are doing it to get by . We 're not gonna start selling eggs , we ? Ha , ha . We hadn 't planned on it .
You don 't want me to drive , sir ? You are not driving my car , Marcus . So sit back and disappear like you 're supposed to . I 'm fine .|And you 're fine tonight too , baby . You look sexy in that suit . I 'll bet you taste sexy , too .
I wanted to junk the darn thing my dad walked in and he said , let it beat you , son . "|Don 't let it beat you .
Let 's start over here . So it looks like this chap is going to repair the controls and get us up and running again . Come on , there we go . Careful , please . We 've already had enough damage to this ship .|Hey ! OK , let 's see the other side .
I asked you here ... because I know the effort you 've been making .|The dedication to the Crown .
The dedication to the Crown .|I know how hard you 've been working and I 'm proud of you .
ALAN : Thunderbird 3 is locked on solid . Let 's go now .  ALAN : This whole place is coming apart ! What can we do ? It 's too late ! Not if we jump . Quickly . I 'll follow right behind you .|Argh !
Kariba , kariba , kariv .|I love you , Dad .
SCOTT : I 've got you .|Alan , you should be in the cockpit . What 's up ? I just thought you might need some help and ... Come on . I had to set foot on Halley 's Comet , even if it 's only a little piece of it . Let 's get inside .
Eleanor .|This was something I cared about . It was prestigious to be selected for my show . If that doesn 't matter to you ... maybe this will .
Lamby . It 's going to be strange a boy from my class living here . But I guess I 'll get used to it .|Mother moved into the sewing room we can squeeze in another border . I thought that was very clever of her .
Scream if you want to go faster .|Smooth ride , huh ?
Can I ask you something ?|How did the press not know about you and Gemma ?
One , two , three ...|Wow .
Wow .|Wow !
So you just left her there ?|I have to .
I have to .|It 's good seeing you .
Allergies .|These are from your room .
But they raved about yours .|Princess becomes Queen of Fashion Week .
So this is here you grew up ?|So different where we now live .
You write for the newspaper ?|Well , I haven 't been in " print " print yet . I hope to be . My brother 's friend is a big reporter the Register . Sorry , kiddo , not for the Register . But everyone wants to know the Chicago World 's Fair . Everyone and their second cousin 's written the Chicago World 's Fair .
You were about my age , right ?|What was here ?
Hello , sweetie , what 's your name ? Kit Kittredge . actually , it 's Margaret Mildred after my mother and an aunt . But when was younger , my father used to sing : Pack up your troubles in your old kit bag|And it sort of stuck .
I 'm a British orphan . Or ... an American grifter .|One thing I do know is that I 'm lying about something . The Queen ... is lying about everything .
You need to be better to your children . We may not always be a Monarchy but we 'll always be a family .|It 's a little late for that , isn 't it ?
Good .|Let 's see .
There . All better .|Do you want some mushrooms ?
What are you writing ? You just gave me a great idea an article . I wanna write it down before I forget . Here .|I 'll do this for you , and you go type it up you forget , okay ?
That does not include my deposits outside Egypt none the less my position as a minister and as you know lifting the party on my shoulders , etc. etc .|Despite all this , I am lonely , disadvantaged from all pleasures , from all rights as a man , as a human .
That long procedures we all want to avoid .|Think well ... very well and consult her and let me know by tomorrow
Pretty .|Wish me luck .
Think well ... very well and consult her and let me know by tomorrow|Good night
Is right . I have not had much a dog . I think I 'm still learning .|Come on , girl !
Keep it up , kid . pay a penny a word for freelance .|One , two , three , four , six , seven , eight .
See what I mean ?|Come on .
Come on .|Even as you listen to the dog .
Come on , Countee .|Ruthie , Stirling . you like to be my assistants ?
Sorry , Ruthie . No cat .|But you do have fish bones , see ?
So , what 's it like riding the rails , Will ? Train whistles . Engines smokes up , you run and you jump .|And you let it take you a whole new life .
Well , hello . Even you We are looking for you .|Well , you 're very pretty . That 's right ?
And then the influenza came .|And my daddy didn 't make it .
You , you get married ?|Yes , I married .
Yeah .|Hang in there , you 'll be okay .
Ma , I 'll come visit you real soon .|Jacob .
I just wanted ...|I do not know , to be friends .
Get some sleep now .|I love you , sweetie .
For the most part , they seem like trustworthy group of people . But trouble must follow them a lot . The first sign a hobo learns is danger .|They needed to protect themselves and each other .
Yes . Well , if you ask me or my father , it 's like you have described Michael .|My father asked him not as he did not asked me to sell the house . Jessica , how may ask , when thou hast isolate us ? For years you were away , and now you 're back and ... whole story house , you ...
When times are tough , like to blame someone .|And hobos are an easy target , I guess .
You think I give a fuck about you ?|I don 't give a shit about you . You 're making my life easier . Tito falls asleep halfway through the fucking picture anyway . At least with you , I don 't got to worry about that .
Oh , come here .|Tell me what you want for Christmas ?
Tell me what you want for Christmas ?|I want to see my mother smiling again .
Do I know you from somewhere ?|Uh , um , no . Am I confusing you for someone else ? Do you know a guy named Pete ? Pete ? No . You mind if I sit down ?
Dad , are you single ?|Single ? I ? I got you , huh ? Yes , but Bryan 's mother . And seemed much happier .
Anyway , if you 're looking for a good time ... You know , I can ... You know I can get you anything . Anything you need .|I 'll keep that in mind , uh ... Oh , my name is , my name is Marlon . Jacob .
But , uh , everyone calls me Nicks . It 's a pleasure to meet you , Nicks .|Can I get you a cup of coffee or something ? Oh , no . Don 't get me wrong , I would ... I would love to have a cup of coffee but I ... I don 't think that 's a good idea .
Stirling Howard IV where have you been ? With Will and Countee the hobo jungle .|Don 't you ever take him there again , you understand ? Ever .
Good .|Once , my world was smaller Room in my hand ... my cup was full of diamonds What I have lost as sand
And even though I 'm empty cup Memories remain ... in my heart .|Ever hear our laughter I share secrets
So , what 'll it be ?|The chickens or the uncle ?
I 'll take the chickens .|Thank you , thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Jefferson J. Berk will suspend a person in midair .
I need a volunteer .|Miss Bond ?
Miss Bond ?|I have never levitated mobile librarian before .
I do not find my place here , Christmas without Carter .|It seems there 's a reason .
Got you that goddamn coffee , didn 't we ?|Sugar tits .
After the death of Carter ...|I did the only thing it I knew . And that you 've said . Keep yourself occupied ?
I did the only thing it I knew . And that you 've said . Keep yourself occupied ?|Yes . I was always working .
Shit , I got to go . Yeah ? Yeah , um , they have , uh , the shelter . It serves food at 6 : 00 a.m. and when food is gone , it 's gone , so ... I can get you something to eat here . Oh , no , I couldn 't . You 've done enough for me .|Really , I insist . Oh , maybe some other time , you know ? If you want to buy me dinner , Thursday would be great . Um , they have a great strip special . Whatever you want . All right , I 'm gonna hold you to that . I hope you do .
Thanks for the coffee . Yeah , sure thing .|Can I get my check , please ?
But that 's your wedding ring . It 's okay . just for safekeeping , Stirling .|" Kindness and Honor the Hobo Community " ?
Sex .|Just sayin ' , it doesn 't have to be .
I don 't know . was supposed to be here .|Maybe he got held up . Mail call . Ah . If it was only that easy . Let 's see , we have one for Mr. Berk . give that to him later .
One day I 'll surprise Under the mistletoe then you have to kiss me Honey , that 's the habit|How could you resist me In this cold season ...
When all I want for Christmas Are you ...|Nothing " old " or " new " Nothing " borrowed " and nothing " blue "
From Dad ?|Uh , it 's from Aunt Millie . And , Stirling , there 's one for you .
Look , I tried to show I feel guilty ... for that Michael not He has sold the house .|If you do not know , Robingtonii bought another house .
What is this ?|Nothing , just ...
Forty dollars ?|Um ...
Goodbye .|Yeah .
Yeah , I 'm sorry to hear that .|I bet you call your father every year on his birthday , huh ?
Stirling ?|Oh , no .
Oh , no .|He wants you to move to New York , he ?
He wants you to move to New York , he ?|That 's it . That 's why you 're so upset .
You 're a good kid , Nicks .|So , what is it ?
Ah , no , no , no , no , you get me next time .|My register 's broken .
She just needs to hear from him .|But there was money inside .
So , tell me what happened to you .|Nicks , what happened to you ? I don 't want to talk about it .
But do not do that .|You know how kids are . They like talking .
They started coming down toward us .|I was laying next to a good buddy of mine . I 'd been with him since basic .
I think it was good have a name .|Girl !
Will , what happened to your leg ? I hurt it the other night . Are you sure it didn 't happen morning ?|Do you mind I ask you a few questions , son ? No , sir .
I was jumped .|Is that so ?
Is that so ?|Yes , sir . It was the other night . Someone jumped me kicked me in the knee .
Yes , sir . It was the other night . Someone jumped me kicked me in the knee .|Are those the boots you were wearing ?
Do you know the Smithens ?|Ruthie Smithens ?
Me and this kid .|He was 18 , maybe 19 years old .
Chopping him up piece by piece .|They told me I could stop it if I spoke , but I couldn 't .
It was Will . he was carrying the lockbox .|Ms. Kittredge , any of your belongings that lockbox ?
Great stuff , by the way .|What do you got ?
This one 's kind of personal , Sully . So , if you could , you know ... Let me guess . You and your girlfriend , right ?|Yeah , something like that .
Will Shepherd ?|I 'm sorry to bother you so early , ma 'am . No , it 's fine . Come in , please .
Hitler 's top assassin and head of the Thule Occult Society .|If he 's here , this is worse than I thought .
Ilsa ! Grigori !|It 's time .
I 'll deliver one .|What I will do tonight can never be undone ! I will open a portal and awaken the Ogdru Jahad : The Seven Gods of Chaos !
A monkey ?|His name 's Curtis . Hmm . Heh .
It 's almost over . No , it 's not .|The portal 's been open for too long . Something may have come through . Have your men search the area thoroughly .
I love you , Curtis . my little monkey boy ?|He 's so cute .
I 'm ... I 'm a projectionist .|Did you know that marijuana usage is a ritual part of religious traditions throughout the world ? In Islamic countries , it 's accepted alongside tobacco and coffee while alcohol is strictly prohibited .
Curtis , come .|Scratch his little tummy and he 'll be your friend forever , you ?
All Mr. Berk needed to do to make the sheriff suspect Will .|The limp .
Professor Broom .|Careful . Be careful .
What 's going on over there ?|We figured it out , Kit . now we have to go to the police . No , not without proof .
We figured it out , Kit . now we have to go to the police . No , not without proof .|Do you know where ? course . I certainly hope so .
Do you know where ? course . I certainly hope so .|Perfect . Let 's go look in their room for the money .
It 's got a big stone in its hand . I think that is its hand . Look at the size of that whammer .|No , wait ! Wait !
A blanket . Get me a blanket .|Come on . Come on . It 's safe . Jump down . Come on . Jump down .
Ruthie , I found it .|This is the red wallet .
I kid you not . It hunts monsters .|The claim , of course , that this creature works for the FBI as a monster hunter .
The hobo sign for danger .|Shh !
Everything all right , Jacob ?|You sure ?
Yeah .|Nicks , I know I only develop your film .
I have some arrangements to make .|For my son .
You can always get a second opinion .|That won 't be necessary .
Kit , no . Kit .|Oh , my gosh . Kit , what are you doing ?
Hello ?|Turn the pages , please , if you don 't mind .
I love you too , Curtis .|Get in the car .
Turn the pages , please , if you don 't mind .|Please .
Please .|The pages .
These ? You 're reading these ? Four books at once , every day as long as I 'm there to turn the pages .|My name 's Broom .
It 's nothing . It 's nothing ?|You think I 'm an idiot , don 't you ?
Three , two , one .|I got it now . Seven .
You make me sick . You 're so pathetic . Don 't say that . I say whatever the fuck I want to say . And you know the story you told me ? You were the weak one . You could have saved that kid , but you didn 't so you could save yourself . Get out !|Ivana , it 's me again .
Ivana , it 's me again .|I don 't know what else to say , I 'm sorry .
I thought we had something .|I thought I was good for you .
Is that it ?|Easy , easy .
There are things that go bump in the night , Agent Myers . Make no mistake about that .|And we are the ones who bump back .
Is that guy still following you ?|You know how you always ask me if there 's anything I need ?
You know , you know .|How do I know you 're not a snitch ?
I got what you need .|I gotta warn you . It 's some addictive shit , man . I don 't care . Just give it to me . Everything is gonna be all right .
Professor Broom had him grounded . Grounded ? Who 's grounded ?|Okay . You saw the fish guy , right ? Oh , yeah . That was weird .
What 's this ?|Just take it .
Hello , my little angels . Get them .|Help ! Help ! Help ! That 's my money ! Give it back ! Not so fast .
Let go of me .|Aah ! No !
I hate those comic books .|They never get the eyes right .
He 's real . 60 years old by our count . But he doesn 't age like we do . Think reverse dog years . He 's barely out of his 20s . What 's with the hair , Clay ?|Finally got them implants , huh ?
Forgive me , Kit . of you , I 'm so sorry . Somehow we convinced ourselves that desperate times desperate measures . Well , Jefferson , I was being naive .|There we were gallivanting the country like Robin Hood stealing from the rich give to the poor .
Agent Myers is your new liaison .|I don 't want him .
You 're sick in the head , you know that ? You need fucking help .|Don 't come back here no more .
What , you get tired of me , Clay ?|The candy . Give him the candy . Oh , sir , I ... I have these for you .
I won 't be here .|Ah , fuck it . I can 't get through to you , so I 'm just gonna say it . Mom 's dead , Jacob . She died a couple days ago .
Ah , fuck it . I can 't get through to you , so I 'm just gonna say it . Mom 's dead , Jacob . She died a couple days ago .|Look , I didn 't want to have to tell you like this , but I know how much you hate me coming over there , so ...
Hear , hear . To Kit . We certainly wouldn 't still be here you .|To Kit .
Kit . Countee ?|Ma 'am .
No one will know I have them .|Yeah .
Yeah .|Anyway , I wasn 't worried about getting caught . Put yourself in my shoes for a minute . It takes you three days to get your brother on the phone . Once you do , he sounds like a fucking lunatic . Accusing you of shit . And then , to top it all off , he ask for interrogation reels of serial killers ... What the hell am I supposed to think , huh ? You asked if you could help . Yeah , I did .
I can 't think of a better way celebrate than with all of you . Please , won 't you join us ? We 'd ... We 'd be honored .|Hello ?
A prison . The Vatican deemed its occupant dangerous enough to include it on The List of Avignon , of which , by the way , we hold a copy . Perfect job for these babies . Made them myself .|Holy water , clove leaf , silver shavings , white oak . The works .
Dad ?|Dad !
Holy water , clove leaf , silver shavings , white oak . The works .|Behind this door , a dark entity .
Hey , Stinky .|Kitchen 's closed .
Understand what ?|The world we live in , it 's such a sick place .
Listen , Sammy I 'm not a very good shot , but The Samaritan here uses really big bullets .|So , what do you say we work this out in a nice , peaceful ...
I won 't let it beat me , honey .|Kit ?
Oh , crap .|That 's it for you , Sam .
I want you to know , because of you , I 'm hooked on this shit . I warned you , man . I told you it was addictive .|You know what , Marlon ? I 'm gonna personally see to it that you get exactly what you deserve .
" Sammael , the desolate one , lord of the shadows son of Nergal , hound of resurrection ... "|See I don 't like that . What ? Hound of resurrection ?
Advertisements tell us what we must have , what we cannot live without .|All the while we stray further and further from what truly matters . How many of them were men ?
All the while we stray further and further from what truly matters . How many of them were men ?|None . All women ?
Thank you , sir .|That son you 've got around my age write him , please tonight for me .
It was the first lullaby you ever heard , my son . I ushered you into this world . I alone know your true calling , your true name .|Name this .
You want to help ? Here . Load this .|It 's a tracking bullet . Crack the pin .
No place for a child , no place for innocence . I bound their hands behind their backs .|And then I strangled them . Did you rape them ?
Kit , sweetheart .|There 's someone here to see you .
Margaret Mildred Kittredge . Mr. Gibson ?|Here you go , kiddo . Hot off the presses .
But what will the fate of a vigilante be ?|I suppose there is only one way to find out .
Open wide !|Son of a ...
Oh , my gosh . I 'm one with the monkey . Don 't tell my mother .|No , wait . We haven 't done sacred treehouse pledge .
Howdy there , pardners !|Howdy . How you doing ? Ah , the smell of fast food on the desert air ! The perfume of America . Hey , are you British or something ? Something . That 's me . Definitely . I was passing and I got the fancies . A bowl of chilli . The sort you only ever got in an American diner before 1962 . I 'm the Doctor , by the way . I 'm Cassie . This is Jimmy Stalkingwolf . Ooooh ! Where did you get that ? Supposed to be from the saucer crash five years back . You know , like that Roswell thing over in New Mexico . My mom , she used to run this place , thought it would bring in the tourists . Like they don 't know a piece of junk when they see it .
Howdy . How you doing ? Ah , the smell of fast food on the desert air ! The perfume of America . Hey , are you British or something ? Something . That 's me . Definitely . I was passing and I got the fancies . A bowl of chilli . The sort you only ever got in an American diner before 1962 . I 'm the Doctor , by the way . I 'm Cassie . This is Jimmy Stalkingwolf . Ooooh ! Where did you get that ? Supposed to be from the saucer crash five years back . You know , like that Roswell thing over in New Mexico . My mom , she used to run this place , thought it would bring in the tourists . Like they don 't know a piece of junk when they see it .|Ooh . Sorry . What did you just do , man ? I 'm afraid this isn 't quite a piece of junk .
Sammael has fulfilled his destiny .|Die in peace and be reborn again and again .
Little lady , in ten minutes you won 't know who the President is . You won 't know who you are .|Try to hold your breath . I just need a ... a few more seconds .
There he is !|We 'll cover him from here !
Last warning !|Take him out !
Ahhh . Now THAT is an alien . The question is , why are they keeping her a prisoner ?|Hands in the air or we fire !
Sometimes it takes a man with nothing to lose to start a revolution .|But a man with nothing to lose has nothing to live for .
Hold on !|What if there are more soldiers waiting for us up top ? Charm offensive . What 's that mean ?
What if there are more soldiers waiting for us up top ? Charm offensive . What 's that mean ?|It means you put your hands up and smile .
It means you put your hands up and smile .|You have a problem , Colonel ? Nothing we can 't handle . I warn you , Colonel ... fail me , and your world will pay the price !
I cannot be seeing that .|A real live flying saucer ! Yeah . Fancy taking her for a spin ?
A real live flying saucer ! Yeah . Fancy taking her for a spin ?|Quickly ! Come on ! Stop ! Or we fire ! Don 't shoot , you 'll hit the ship .
Sixty years ago , they tried to destroy the world . They 're back .|In my lifetime , they 're back to finish the job .
I don 't like it here but I haven 't had an episode in months .|And you know what ?
Have you got a match ? Sure . Here . So what 's going on , Doctor ? If the military know about these alien things , how come we 're the enemy ? I don 't know . But I intend to find out . Tomorrow I 'm going back to Dreamland . SCUTTLING What was that ?|Aaargh !
Yeah I gotta go too .|Lots to do .
And I don 't think she 's amused . I have this effect on royalty . Run !|Must have found our way into an old mine .
Come on , time to go home .|Tape you up .
The roof 's coming in !|That should hold them for a while . Now all we have to do is get off ...
What ?|Grandpa . Oh , I could 've found out everything then . Why does that keep happening today ? Doctor , Cassie , this is my grandpa , Night Eagle . Hey , that was kinda handy with those bows and arrows . Yes , straight through the central processor units . One lucky shot I could believe , but four ? You 've met men like this before , haven 't you , Night Eagle ? We saw the disc fall from the sky and thought more had come . More of who ?
These people didn 't exist .|They weren 't real . Not one of them .
They need a humid , dark environment to breed . Did you ever lose track of him ?|Well , let 's see . There was that moment when I had the train on top of my head . We can 't risk it . Tomorrow you 'll go back to the tracks with a group of agents . Search the whole place top to bottom . Find those eggs and destroy them .
Colonel Stark . On behalf of the United States Government , thank you for leading us to this alien . You just helped me save the world . For the first time in 900 years , why does that feel like bad news ?|I guess they 'll try and wipe our memories again . You 'd think Stark could be more forgiving , as accidentally leading him to Rivesh Mantilax has somehow saved the world . Apparently . Men like Stark don 't save worlds . All they know is destruction . That 's what worries me .
Well , let 's see . There was that moment when I had the train on top of my head . We can 't risk it . Tomorrow you 'll go back to the tracks with a group of agents . Search the whole place top to bottom . Find those eggs and destroy them .|" Elizabeth Sherman . "
Maybe that 's right . Not being able to let go . It 's scary .|I black out after each episode . Sometimes for hours .
And the man in the middle ?|That was our father .
The day this picture was taken was the last time we ever saw him . He shipped out and was killed in combat a couple of weeks later .|From what I remember , he was a good father .
Did he tell you who he was , Doctor ? He 's a scientist . A specialist in genetic warfare . Do you know what that is ? Yes . Not pleasant . Rivesh Mantilax had developed a weapon genetically targeted at the Viperox , to wipe us from the universe . Doesn 't sound like such a bad thing . No , Jimmy , it is . A very bad thing . Who 's to say one day even the Viperox won 't discover a better way to exist ? But I don 't get it , Colonel . Why are you in cahoots with the Viperox ?|The weapon can be modified to destroy our enemies instead . You mean Russia ? ! The Reds are sitting on a thousand nukes . And every one of ' em has Uncle Sam 's name on it . The Russians will never fire them ! They know as well as you , that would be the end of the world . Does President Eisenhower know about this plan ? Heck , the President doesn 't even know aliens exist . Well , anyway , it 's irrelevant , as you don 't have the weapon , do you ?
Consider yourself a prisoner of the United States Army . We have laid waste entire galaxies . The United States and Earth itself will be as dust beneath our feet . Not if I can help it . Take my advice , and go home . While you still can .|Because you have the genetic weapon ? Without Rivesh Mantilax , it is useless .
Because you have the genetic weapon ? Without Rivesh Mantilax , it is useless .|Now we shall tear your world to shreds .
Now we shall tear your world to shreds .|Azlok took out the guards when you escaped . He attacked him before we could do anything .
Azlok took out the guards when you escaped . He attacked him before we could do anything .|And there 's nothing I can do .
How many buildings does she have to burn down ? She belongs here . That 's not what she feels .|She may never feel it . It 's her choice . Professor , the girl you 're ...
I 'd never been so happy my whole life .|You know , I quickly realized that he wasn 't the same .
Majesty , I need warriors . Tonight we swarm .|The Viperox won 't attack until sundown . We 've got an hour , tops . I 've got men laying charges in the old mine . If we don 't kill ' em , we 'll bury them down there . And they 'll just dig themselves out again . I need that weapon to deal with the Viperox . I need Rivesh Mantilax . And I need to go into that vault . We 're coming with you . No . I 've got another job for you two .
This might take a while .|What sort of big blue box is he going to leave on the corner of Main Street ?
Rasputin is back for him . What I ask of you is to have the courage to stand by him when I am gone .|He was born a demon . Can 't change that . But you will help him in essence to become a man .
Are you sure you want to go in ?|Miss Sherman ? I 'm Agent Myers , FBI .
Miss Sherman ? I 'm Agent Myers , FBI .|Miss Sherman ?
Miss Sherman ?|Can I call you Liz ? It 's a beautiful name . Sixty percent of all the women in the world are named Liz .
Can I call you Liz ? It 's a beautiful name . Sixty percent of all the women in the world are named Liz .|Well , it 's impressive by my standards . My name 's John . John T. Myers .
Well , it 's impressive by my standards . My name 's John . John T. Myers .|Dr. Broom asked me to invite you back to the bureau . No special precautions , no security escorts . Just you and me in a taxi like regular folks .
Dr. Broom asked me to invite you back to the bureau . No special precautions , no security escorts . Just you and me in a taxi like regular folks .|That doesn 't sound like him . Well , Miss Sherman , he 's asking you back but it 's entirely your choice , you know ? Choice , huh ? That 's cute . I 've quit the bureau 13 times . I always go back . Where else would I go ?
Your plan is to escape like a snail ? How do we see where we 're going ? Who needs to see ? Didn 't you count your steps on the way in ? 84 steps ahead , turn left , 102 steps , turn right , 62 steps , and we 're at the door . Always count your steps , Saruba Velak . You never know when you might need to escape in a box .|The whole town , they just tore it apart ! We got to concentrate on getting this box back to the Doc , without running into any more bugs .
Say anything . Just say it .|Say it . Say it .
There 's no way in .|We should go back and request a special permit , type 2 ...
Here you are , doctor .|This should cover your tail fin .
That doesn 't look good . That doesn 't look good at all .|The base ! We 'll never get in there ! We have to ... or Earth is finished .
This should cover your tail fin .|Reliquary . Straight from the Vatican .
Nice and easy . I got you .|Easy .
No , wise guy .|That one .
I can 't believe this . I mean , through three husbands and two boyfriends , this house was the one thing that always stayed the same .|I feel terrible .
I feel terrible .|I 'll get it .
Mr. Menkin . Oh , sure . Yeah , that 's no problem .|Oh , that 's great . Oh , I 'm really looking forward to this too , Serge .
Where 's Amphitheatre C ? Over there .|Going on a trip ?
Going on a trip ?|Poison Friends I 'll also be giving you oral exercises .
I can 't believe this . We 're actually going into the studio next week . We 're gonna be laying down rhythm tracks . That 's great . Do me a favour , David , hurry up and get rich so you can buy this house .|You know , I know some bookie in Pacoima who 's giving great odds on sumo wrestling . Hi , Steve . New car stereo , new skis . You 're really raking in the dough , huh ? I 'm just lucky , I guess . Well , I got two words for you : Pete Rose . I got two words for you too . Steve .
Red . Come in , Red . What 's your 20 ? I got no signal . Where the hell are you ? It 's like Swiss cheese in here .|Sit tight , pal , I 'm on him .
Bren , you know I am not the aggressive type . Well , it 's time you learned to be . Donna , I was attacked once . I 'm never going to be a victim again .|Okay , but where did the sudden urge for power come from ?
Didn 't I kill you already ?|You goddamn monster !
Pardon ? What did you say ?|I 'm sorry , sir ... I 'm not being rude , I do it automatically .
My kittens ! Please ! Somebody , please , get my kittens !|Second date .
Look , Dylan , that 's very noble of you , but a trustee has to be a little bit more impartial than that .|Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to get to a meeting . So that 's it ? You 're just gonna stonewall me ?
Please accept my apologies .|So if all goes well , our forthcoming classes will each begin with an oral presentation by one of you , on a topic of his or her choosing . Obviously , for today , I understand ... Excuse me sir .
Clay , I 'm getting a signal from Abe . I 'm on my way back .|Buddy , don 't take another step .
Quarry , Moss , do you read me ? Man down !|Feels good to be outside . It 's been so long . You know that 's ... That 's not safe Miss Sherman . Please stay in the car .
Writing . Whether writing is necessary .|We 're listening .
Feels good to be outside . It 's been so long . You know that 's ... That 's not safe Miss Sherman . Please stay in the car .|No , no . Miss Sherman . Please , can you come down , Miss Sherman ?
" To restrain with might , our eagerness to write . " That is , writing must be justified .|Writing must be necessary .
I 'm Brenda , and I 'm her daughter . About a year ago a guy held a gun to my head and threatened to kill me if I didn 't do what he said .|So I did . I mean , he didn 't hurt me or anything , but it was still pretty scary . Are you still angry about it ?
Here .|Damn .
Hi . Hey , Dad . How 's it going ? Not as well as I thought .|I just got a call from Jim Walsh .
So , are there any volunteers for the following weeks ?|No one ...
No one ...|Well , I 'll let you digest this first experience but next week I 'll have to choose someone . Excuse me .
Well , I 'll let you digest this first experience but next week I 'll have to choose someone . Excuse me .|Yes ? I 'll do it .
Welcome back .|It 's only for the weekend , Professor Broom .
Yeah , I guess I did , didn 't I ? Maybe it 's a good thing Andrea 's going to Yale .|You know , it 's weird . We never did anything more than just kiss , but I just can 't get off this possessive trip with her .
Good afternoon , Jack . Dylan . Look , Jim , let 's forgo the niceties , okay ? Iris agreed to this arrangement . Would you tell me what the hell is going on ?|Nothing 's going on . Why don 't you sit down and I 'll explain ?
So she says , " You can go , but your shoes stay here , " Kelly , you hardly touched your food . You eat like a bird . I had a big lunch . Now , Kel , come on . You can 't get too skinny . You see , we McKay men , we like our women to look like women , not little boys .|You wanna slap him ? You 're the closest .
Yeah , maybe .|I 'm gonna put these over here , okay ? One minute . One minute .
I 'm gonna put these over here , okay ? One minute . One minute .|Hey , Myers you 're a talker . What 's a good word , a solid word , for " need " ? Well " need " is a good , solid word . Too needy . Start in , okay ? You got nachos coming .
Miss Christine Pettit , will you please do me the honour of becoming my wife ? Jack .|I take it that means yes ? Yes . Yes . Yes .
Liz , there 's something I need for you to hear , and it 's ... Will it take long ? Because I 'm actually going out .|Out ?
Everyone here writes .|A diary , or something else .
A diary , or something else .|Short stories , novels , poems .
Short stories , novels , poems .|What a waste .
Not even a diary ?|Letters to a dear friend ?
" Out " out ?|Yeah . Yeah , for a cup of coffee , but go ahead , read . Are you going alone ?
" Why do some people write ?|Because they 're too weak not to write . "
Subject : Karl Ruprecht Kroenen . Born in Munich , 1897 .|Suffered from a masochistic compulsion ...
So why did he ?|To say exactly that .
The blood in his veins dried up decades ago .|Only dust remains .
Jesus .|Damn it , Red . Not again
What are you doing ?|I 'm writing .
Damn it , Red . Not again|And one of those cookies . Do you have any doughnuts ? Sorry , pal . How about a bear claw ?
You 've got the itch too ?|You 're all the same . You want to write without reading .
Where 's Duke ? He had a little business to take care of in the neighbourhood .|Are you okay , pal ? Yeah , sure . Couldn 't be better .
She took his picture .|Damn !
She took his picture .|She took his picture .
Oh , crap .|It 's freezing , isn 't it ?
That 's me . Hold on .|Hello ?
Hello ?|Yeah , hold on .
Dylan , I have to go . That 's my mom 's realtor . Okay . Listen , I 'll see you in school .|Dad !
Forlorn , raising moistened eyes to the skies , her tears shimmering through the torches and weapons . Lovely , unadorned , in the simple dress of a beauty torn from sleep . What can I say ?|I know not if this disarray and the shadows , torches , cries and silences , the grim demeanour of ... " Are you guys deaf ? Can 't you hear ? Listen to this , listen !
It 's amazing ! Your birthday and your daughter 's birthday ... .. fall on the same day . Yes . And we celebrate our birthdays together ... .. on the same day every year : Where 's Mrs. Sehgal ?|There are people who want to meet you .
National Conservatory of Dramatic Arts|Registration for Auditions Hang on .
There are people who want to meet you .|This is my brother .
I can 't concentrate with this thing .|Under " Work Experience " , using capitals ...
Under " Work Experience " , using capitals ...|We delete all this .
But my sister loves Aarti more than her real mother would .|Isn 't Aunt a bit foolish ? Not a bit . She 's very foolish .
So let 's see ... 1999 ... at the Main D 'Or Theatre in Namur . Does that exist ? Absolutely ! Maeterlinck premiered " Princess Maleine " there .|Main D 'Or Theatre , Namur .
Besides , aren 't you visiting Germany for a few days , too ? Yes ... . when do you wish to leave ? When are you leaving for Germany , Father ? I 'm leaving tomorrow itself . All right . Then I 'll also leave tomorrow . But I cannot permit you to go all alone .|What 'll people say ? That I let my young daughter go all by herself ? . She 's right . Gulab and Kamal ... you must accompany Aarti tomorrow . To Switzerland ? Not Switzerland . What did you say was the name of that place ?
I love what you write .|Can I pay , please ?
He will open the portal and bring about the end of the world .|If only you had had him destroyed 60 years ago none of this would have come to pass . But then , how could you have known ? Your God chooses to remain silent .
You shouldn 't read this .|Do you recommend it or not ?
Mine lives within me . Every time I died and crossed over a little more of the master came back with me .|He disclosed to me the child 's true name .
Would you like to know it ? I know what to call him .|Nothing you can do or say can change that .
These people are very lazy . He 's taking a nap . What now ? I 'll wake him up . Hey ! Wake up ! Hey ! What 're you doing ? Who 're you ? I 'm the helper on this taxi . My name is Rajnikant .|Wake your driver . We wish to go to Palankhet . We can 't go .
Not me , Boss . They did . These people ?|Who addressed me as a descendant of the demons ? Not me , Boss . They did . They did ?
Look at this .|They even published my tax return .
Not a word . He won 't eat , he won 't sleep .|I 've never seen him like this . Never .
I 've never seen him like this . Never .|Should I stay ?
Now do you get it ?|I 'm getting a library card tomorrow at dawn .
With him , I mean ?|Listen , I 'm not much of a problem solver .
All right . Tell me . How much will you charge ?|Boss ...
But it 's Eloi she 's looking at .|It 's true . She 's eating you up !
Three decades , I 've only completed two sides . But I do know this much . If there 's trouble all us freaks have is each other .|And I 'm stuck here . So take care of the big monkey for me , will you ?
Hi . Hi .|I 'll if you 're still going .
That 's a nice song . Let it play . It was not a cassette . It was me singing .|You ? Yes .
But I have something to say .|I understand what you don 't like about me . I do .
What 's this ? Why 're you crying ? I made the booking . But not for this Taj . I booked you at the Taj Mahal in Agra . What ? Are you out of your mind ?|Please book two rooms for us right now . There 's a conference in progress right now . You won 't find any accommodation in the whole of Palanpur .
Look , you 're right , I wanted to impress her . I figured , she worked with books , so I had to publish .|It was just bluff , ok ? I don 't give a damn . Like hell you don 't . You put your soul into this rag , along with your pathetic literary pretensions . And you use your sexual vices to mask your pitiful desire to be a writer .
Get lost . Go piss your vile poetry elsewhere .|Don 't touch me ! Just leave him . Come on , let 's go .
A madam with Raja ?|Let me go and see which Madam Raja has brought along .
You may stay here for as long as you wish . You don 't have to go to any hotel .|Come on . Please come , Madam . Go and get the luggage . And you , maidservants ... Go and help him .
Pretty nice , huh ?|Yeah , it 's great .
This engraving here represents Sammy . Text reads : " One falls , two shall arise . Sammael . "|We 'll have to nail them all at once , and the eggs . And when we do , no mumbo jumbo .
Get lost !|Aren 't we having coffee ?
Coffee without sugar simply isn 't coffee .|Jesus , I have to teach you guys everything .
Forget it . We 're never gonna find Rasputin 's mausoleum . It 's practically a city . And it stinks , and it 's muddy . I think we go back , we check into the hotel , we regroup . After breakfast . I think what we have to do here is we have to make a grid . We go in by quadrants . Maybe satellite photography .|Let me ask for directions .
Why 're you standing far away ? Come closer .|Greetings . Bless you .
Greetings . Bless you .|What 're you doing ? Guests stand for good fortune . How can good fortune enter the house without a welcome ? Yes , of course .
Come on .|Come on .
Come on .|Come on .
Oh , you were here ?|Is that Mortier 's book ?
What do you want ?|This is ridiculous .
This is ridiculous .|I run this show , not him . This guy 's nothing but trouble .
And this is madam ! She 's come from Mumbai . Greetings . Please come in . Let me serve you refreshments . I 've got some shopping to do . Yes ... I 've got to help her with the shopping . But please treat the two of them . I 'm going with madam . Sure . You can sit with me and enjoy some refreshments ! Meanwhile , I 'll do some shopping .|Don 't you worry .
Let me go ! You 're all right .|Just once more . Leave me !
Strange ! A brave man takes off his dress at the drop of a hat ! But he 's feeling shy as ifhe were a girll ! She is a girll . Wouldn 't she feel shy like a girll then ?|Are you a girll ?
You better be right about this .|We 'll be all right as long as we don 't separate .
This is Aarti speaking .|Yes ... ? Pass on the phone to father . He hasn 't yet returned from Germany . When will he return ? In a few days time . Ifhe telephones , please tell him that ... I 'm not staying at the Taj , but with a very nice couple .
Whether she lives at the Taj , or elsewhere , why must I bother ? I disconnected the phone . You 're an expert in faking the act , Sister . I 've learnt from none other than you , Brother .|Well said ... if you continue to follow my dirlections ... the whole property will be transferred to our name one day .
So what should I do ? Talk to her .|But my letter ...
But my letter ...|What about it ? She 's going to receive it . You mailed it ?
You killed my father . Your ass is mine .|What are you laughing at , you Nazi son of a ... ?
Not Gu ... say You .|Never mind . You won 't be able to say it . Let 's go .
Do you read some dark presage in my eyes ? " " Sir , I cannot conceal from you my error . I sought Octavia , not the emperor . "|" I knew it to be so , Madam .
Yes , I 'm proposing Ellroy . He wants Mortier to direct his thesis . He may not accept , he 's pretty busy .|Just do exactly as I say . Talk about his book , it 'll flatter him . Then cut to Ellroy . No chatting : It 's that or nothing .
I 'm off . Hang on . You 're meeting Mortier like that ? Yeah , why ? Do me a favour , take this .|Go , or you 'll be late again . Thanks .
Aren 't you meeting Mortier too ? Not meeting . Lunching with .|Actually until now I wanted to work on Faulkner .
Just the way it was promised .|This one 's awake .
Morney .|You know , given the reigning intellectual paucity , I 'd have stopped teaching but for students like him .
This one 's awake .|Thank you for this .
All right . You may go now .|Yes ... ?
Hey ! Raja ! What is it ?|Come ... we want to go to the market . I don 't want to go to the market . Why not ? The boss is in a foul mood . Foul mood , my foot ! There 's nothing wrong with the car , is there ? Didn 't I say that I won 't go to the market ?
Excuse my asking , but I 'm concerned for your mother . I hope she wasn 't upset by that silly book .|No , she 's above all that . Yes .
She says that everything about Raja is nice . But neither does he have class , nor style .|What 's that ?
Madam likes all that . Yes . She digs that . All right , then . I 'll do that . I 'll wear nice dresses . Behave like a hero . Boss ... Shut up ...|But I don 't know anything . How will I do it all ? What 're we for ? Boss ... You should help me .
I 'm going to bed .|I 'll have 3 chapters by tomorrow .
Become the key .|For her .
Can you read them for Friday ?|I 'll try .
Wait !|But what was the need to do such foolish things ? Because I am a fool ... a total fool !
Nothing , it 's , it 's ...|What am I doing ?
You will never fulfill your destiny . You will never understand the power inside you . I 'll just have to find a way to live with that .|Child . Look what you 've done .
I won 't .|You 're okay , Myers .
How do you find my dress ?|Looks like Raja didn 't like my dress .
Stick around .|Hey , Red .
Looks like Raja didn 't like my dress .|Shall I tell you the truth ? Yes .
Just give me my degree . You must be mad .|What are you doing ?
What are you doing ?|Fine , if that 's what you want .
Fine , if that 's what you want .|You can pick up your diploma tomorrow morning . And for America ? Good God .
Are you going to be okay alone ?|How big can it be ?
I didn 't like this dress at all . I suggest you change it immediately .|It 's not nice . This boy is naive . What 'd he know about fashion ? Don 't pay attention to him . Let 's go and do some shopping instead .
It 's so tiny ! Even if you didn 't wear it , you would 've looked prettier . What is it ?|Let them say what they want to . You 're quite a dish !
That hat .|You 're such an asshole !
It was gone . Just gone !|Don 't worry , it 's in here .
Don 't worry , it 's in here .|Where ? Everywhere . We have to reconstitute it .
Listen to one more thing . I don 't like it at all when you wear such dresses .|Who 're you to tell me what I should wear and what I shouldn 't ? Who 're you ? I 'll do and wear as I please . Understand ?
And I 'll do whatever I find appropriate . Wear whatever you like , and I 'll keep on bashing up people .|Today I 've just broken theirl limbs . Tomorrow I 'll break theirl heads .
We 'll be here all night .|Yeah .
I won 't tell him .|Thanks .
I 'd have told you before , if you 'd let me get a word in .|Farnes : Red car . Registration number Juliet 658 Lima Charlie Victor . Yeah . Okay , if I get any more I 'll call you back .
Farnes : Red car . Registration number Juliet 658 Lima Charlie Victor . Yeah . Okay , if I get any more I 'll call you back .|Right , Mr. Wellings . I 've recorded her details on what we call an open log , and a missing persons report has gone on the Police National Computer . Now , both have been circulated to all units , which means that all officers out and about tonight will be keeping a lookout , okay ? Yeah , okay , thanks . Is there any chance she could have come back here , gone out again ? Matt : Tanya was here the whole time .
The unfulfilled dream of your parents ...|It 's very pretty .
Why have you come here ? To ask for your forgiveness .|I spoke a lot of nonsense yesterday in a fit of anger .
Well , it says here that it was deleted at 12 : 14 .|I wasn 't even home .
You 're very angry , aren 't you ? All right . Look ... I 'm even holding my ears . Please forgive me now .|Look ... if you don 't forgive me right away , I 'll start crying .
Is there any history of emotional trouble ? Can you tell me anything at all that might help me understand her state of mind ?|Mr. Wellings ...
Mr. Wellings ...|I 'm sorry to ask you this , but is there a chance she might be seeing someone else ?
You 've got a plan .|I 've never gone in for satire but things have changed .
Look ... if you don 't forgive me right away , I 'll start crying .|Very well ... I forgive you .
I love Leanne . She loves me . We love our kids .|There 's no trouble between us . There 's no secrets . I just want you to find my family .
Hey ! You were so angry at me just a while ago . And you pardoned me so quickly . What does it mean ?|I cannot see anybody crying . If somebody weeps , I too start weeping .
I 'm your best friend ? Gosh ! Stop talking now , and let 's move . I 've decided to see the whole of Palankhet today . Will you show me around ? Sure , Madam . I 'll show you the heavens today .|Please come . Shall I open my eyes ? No , not now . Just a minute .
Please come . Shall I open my eyes ? No , not now . Just a minute .|Where have you brought me ? Please keep walking .
Where have you brought me ? Please keep walking .|Shall I open my eyes ?
No . Even the first line was crap .|But that 's not why I 'm here !
It 's such a nice place .|It must be here that my parents had first met . What did you say ?
Haven 't you got news for us ?|No .
Did you get lost ?|And you hid in here ? That was clever . I 'm supposed to be looking after Rosie .
And you hid in here ? That was clever . I 'm supposed to be looking after Rosie .|Officer ! They 're here ! Help , over here ! Help , please ! Quickly !
What 's this about ?|This is about the POL Editions 2005 catalogue .
Officer ! They 're here ! Help , over here ! Help , please ! Quickly !|Where is she ?
She isn 't alive . She passed away soon after I was born . Amazing ! You don 't have a mother . I have no mother too . Both are same .|Pardon me for blabbering like this . I say anything that comes to my mind . It 's a problem . I don 't know how to converse .
Who says that you cannot converse ? You talk very well . Really ?|Madam ... I just talk beautifully . But you 're beautiful too .
Aren 't you happy ?|They love your manuscript .
As a kid , I didn 't know it was weird to be a ventriloquist . But I got picked on for it . The good part was the bullies didn 't know who to stuff in the gym locker first , me or the freaking doll .|As for my parents , they were supportive of my hobby . But when I was a kid , if I said something stupid , my father would go , " Stop talking out of your butt . " Ironically , that could be a Whole new bit in my show .
I threw it out .|You shouldn 't have .
A little muffled voice , " Let me out . "|I 'm working on it .
Madam ... I just talk beautifully . But you 're beautiful too .|Me ? Yes . You 're very beautiful .
It 's nothing special . Your eyes . My eyes .. ?|Come a bit closer .
Come a bit closer .|What 's so special about my eyes ?
What 's so special about my eyes ?|Your eyes ... Yes .. my eyes ?
Come here ... under the tree .|No , Madam .
You 're sure you didn 't use the computer ?|I already said no .
Shut the hell up .|Walter , they like you . Only ' cause they were drunk before they got here .
Aren 't you happy to be here ? Not exactly . Why not ? This town is too freaking bizarre for me . Why do you say that ? On my way in here tonight , I saw Aquaman on Hollywood Boulevard .|What the hell ?
I just want to know .|Look , you got your story back , so lay off me , ok ?
What the hell ?|Why would Aquaman be on Hollywood Boulevard ? Well , there 's a drought , I guess he 's homeless .
You erased it .|Yes .
You 're joking , right ? You meant to save it .|I know this might seem ridiculous but I never joke about literature . You can 't understand .
Come on ...|Come on ... we 've to reach the airport , after all . Come on ... be seated .
What a disgrace .|Get out .
Why not ? Come on . Putting new headlights on a minivan doesn 't make it a Corvette .|Yeah , these guys know what I 'm talking about .
Sir !|You forgot this . It 's not mine .
You drive quite well too .|By the way , there 's a scarcity of drivers in Mumbai .
Why don 't you work with us ? We 'll pay you a good salary . And give you a room to live in . What say , Aarti ?|No , Sirl . I 'm fine here .
Mortier got me a job updating the Fitzgerald archives . And your thesis ? I 'll knock off the archive job , then work for myself . You 're one lucky bastard .|Yeah .
Like , what does your wife watch on TV ? I don 't care .|Are you guys happy ? Look at me .
Why ? What 's the matter ? Are you married ?|No , Sirl . Why not ?
Are we agreed ? Promise me . I promise .|Hey ! You don 't have to cry . I 'm coming back .
As if some dream girll is going to come . Why not , Sirl ? She 'll come someday .|A dream girll will surely come for me .
It was a choke collar . All right .|Look , Walter , I know for a fact that you love your family , you still love your wife , and I think that even at this age , every once in a while you should still try and be romantic with your wife . Good lord .
Hey ! What 's this traffic jam for ?|Hey ! Raja ! My dear ! Tell me ... where are you going ?
Hey ! Raja ! My dear ! Tell me ... where are you going ?|Where are you going ?
O Madam ! How 're you , Madam ? Who 's he ? He 's Balwant Singh .|He 's my father .
Come on , when your wife is a romantic mood , do you ever think about taking one of those little pills ?|Cyanide ? Oh , yeah . I do actually .
But when it breaks , it causes havoc .|There 's anguish in your voice . There 's that love in your voice .
There 's anguish in your voice . There 's that love in your voice .|But listen ...
When was the last time you even put your arms around your wife ? A couple of weeks ago when she was choking on a piece of steak . You see , there you gave her the Heimlich . Yeah , I know , I was drunk . I don 't know what I was thinking .|I was so close .
You 've already said goodbye . Well , I saw you guys talking , so I thought ...|Yeah . Goodbye , Alexandre .
Maybe you could do something simple , like watching a movie together . Oh , no , every time we watch a movie , she falls asleep . And the next morning I have to drive back to the theater to pick her up and bring her home .|Have you done anything fun in town here this week ? You know I don 't like getting out . Oh , you 're a little bit of a hypochondriac . Yeah , why don 't you wear one of those paper masks ? Why , it 's paper , it can 't stop anything . I mean hell , the Constitution is paper , and it 's never stopped our current administration .
I 'm sorry .|You realize you just offended about half the room here ? Yeah , and the other half is trying not to look at their wives and going , " Yeah , he 's got a point . "
" You must return "|" Remember , I 'm here ... forget me not "
Why ? Just so they 'll wonder what the hell they did wrong .|It 's funny as hell .
I 'm asking you once again .|Lovers hold hands firmly . They don 't leave it .
It 's like he 's a colleague .|He 's his disciple .
He 's his disciple .|Hi Eloi .
Is it ? Here it is . Come on ...|It 's so warm .
It 's so warm .|It 's so warm !
You 'd know before me .|He only left three days ago . It sucks . Here we are like losers while he 's there with Ellroy .
You lost ! Shut up , will you ?|You indulge in cheating ?
You indulge in cheating ?|You show me your Doordarshan and ruin my Star TV .
Yes , I gave it you just now .|And this ?
That is , writing must be justified .|Writing must be necessary .
So how 's the actual love life ? You mean sex ? Yes . It 's always doggy style . Walter . Yep , she rolls over and plays dead .|Then I just lick myself and go to sleep .
I 'm sorry .|Walter . Come on , good comedy to me can paint vivid pictures in everybody 's heads .
Walter . Come on , good comedy to me can paint vivid pictures in everybody 's heads .|That was a fucking Van Gogh . Yes , it was . Say goodnight , Walter . Thanks , everybody ! That 's all ...
You got scared , didn 't you ?|I 'm not scared . I 'm not scared of anybody .
So I didn 't even try to contact him again . I just work nonstop .|I don 't do shit at my job , but I 'm flying through my thesis . I haven 't even had sex . No , maybe I have .
Yeah , if you 're not drinking at a NASCAR race , you 're not at a NASCAR race .|Where are you ? You 're at golf .
But before this marriage , I 've some conditions .|Aarti will not live here .
She 's with me .|You 're screwing her ?
Ok , I 'll go .|What will you say ? The truth . That we want to be alone .
I didn 't know you were Irish . I 'm not . I also get drunk on Cinco de Mayo and Martin Luther King Day , and I 'm not Mexican or black . Oh , okay .|Oh , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry . What ? I don 't want anybody thinking I 'm racist .
Oh , sorry , sorry , sorry , sorry . What ? I don 't want anybody thinking I 'm racist .|Why would anyone think you 're racist ? Because I said " Mexican " .
Why would anyone think you 're racist ? Because I said " Mexican " .|And I also said " black " , sorry about that . Sorry .
I won 't change for anybody .|If you want to accept me despite all this ... .. this is the time for you to decide .
It is ? Sure . Why , ' cause everybody here is white ?|No , it 's just okay to use those words . Okay . Well , thanks for keeping me real , cracker .
No , I didn 't see him . Damn .|Where did he go ? I don 't know . We were talking and he just left .
You 'd learned to take your first step with my assistance .|And today , you 're taking away those very steps away from me ?
You don 't like LA ? Oh , I thought you said " AA " . |I like LA and I love beer . That 's good . But I got to do something about my gut . Oh , you 're going to start working out ? No , I 'm going to get a bigger shirt .
Somebody told me that to stay in shape , I should get a trainer . Yeah , that 's a good idea . I did it . You did ? How 's that going ? Yeah . ? Pretty good . So far I can sit and shake and roll over .|And then I get a cookie .
And then I get a cookie .|So what else do you know about LA ? Uh , the bad traffic here reminds me of marriage . How 's that ? You 're stuck in it because there was an accident .
You 'll drop by her place later .|Was she ok with it ?
Marriage with Balwant ?|And you , have you fallen in love with somebody too ?
I 've fallen in love with all these lovers . Henceforth , I 'll live in this river of love . I won 't go away from here . All of you have turned crazy about love . You 'll die because of the illusion of love . Come on ...|No , my daughter ...
Been there , done that .|Hey , did you know they now sell beer at Disneyland ? I did know that . How old do you have to be to , uh , drink beer at Disneyland ? Oh , no , everything goes by height .
Why 'd you do that ?|I don 't even know .
I don 't even know .|Are you sure it 's Orly ?
So , Bubba J , when we 're in southern California , are you ever worried about earthquakes ? No , I 'm used to it , the ground is always moving when you 're hammered .|If it stops suddenly , that 's when I fall down .
Sorry .|Wait a minute , you screwed up the joke !
What , I was harsh ? You were an ass .|I won 't apologize for forming you .
I won 't apologize for forming you .|Now please move , I have to sleep .
Why don 't you sit here ?|How about going to the States for a year to write your thesis ? We have an exchange program with Berkeley .
And now back to our regularly scheduled show .|Hey , Mr. D , why are we on stage like this all the time ? This is my job . What is ? This is .
Ours ? Yes .|This is our palace .
To stand here and talk to everybody ? That 's right . That 's your job ? Yeah . Don 't exactly need a college education for this , do you ?|Well , I graduated from college . Oh , and now you do this ? That 's right . Well , that was a big ass waste of money , wasn 't it ?
This is our palace .|You 're the King of this palace . And I 'm the Queen of this palace .
Aren 't you directing his thesis ? His thesis ?|He went there to write it .
Twitter . Oh . Well , that doesn 't sound as fun , does it ?|Hey , you know what the hardest part is about the Internet for me ' ? What ? Remembering all the passwords . Oh , well , keep it simple . Just use the name of someone you love .
You want all these comforts , don 't you ?|Give me some time . I 'll slog day and night and get everything for you . You 're misunderstanding me . I want all this for you , not for myself .
My dog ? Sure , what 's your dog 's name ? Dog .|Your dog 's name is Dog ? Actually it 's " Doug " , but the " U " is silent .
Give me some time . I 'll slog day and night and get everything for you . You 're misunderstanding me . I want all this for you , not for myself .|I want you to get all the happiness and comfort . You want me happy , don 't you ? Yes . Then return this gift to your father . And henceforth , never accept any help or gift ... .. from any of your family members . Understand ? But why ? Why ?
And Raja doesn 't accept alms from anybody . Enough of it . Let 's go from here .|Come on .
You mean he 's not at Berkeley ?|What ?
I won 't go . All right then .|You may stay here . I 'll send your belongings here . I 'm going . You may stay here .
I gave up the whole world for your sake . I sacrificed everything . And you are leaving me today ? What do you think of yourself ? . You 're a man . So you can leave me any time you like ?|But where should I go ? Where should I go ?
Yes ?|Are you ok ?
Are you ok ?|What ?
Not in public .|And not a lot . Okay .
So I take it you grew up in a small town ? Yeah , perty small . How small ? Well , we didn 't have the street lights , so the hookers stood under a flashlight .|I called her Ever Ready . 
You 've been taken off sweeping today .|You 'll be driving the colonel into town . He 's going to the town hall .
Thank you , sir .|Good afternoon , sir .
He lectured us for years when actually he was just a loser .|I admired him so much . I was such an idiot .
Yeah ! I 'm sorry .|Bush !
Me and the wife are down to about once a month .|No , I 'm talking about drilling into a hole and hitting gas . Yeah , so am I .
You 're kidding .|No . He appeared one night , completely haggard , and asked if he could stay . I almost threw him out but
No . He appeared one night , completely haggard , and asked if he could stay . I almost threw him out but|I felt sorry for him . I swear , he was so pitiful . He stank , too ! He looked like a tramp .
All right . I 'll come to Mumbai .|My home has come !
I don 't know , he left at dawn , I didn 't even hear him .|Wasn 't he going to America ?
So if I run out of voice tonight , it 's their damn fault .|In the early days of television , commercials were done live in front of studio audiences . Well , just like back then , I get to do my own commercial for you , right now . For something that I am selling . Ready ?
To think that asshole cut off our balls . To think that asshole cut off our balls .|I should go .
Scoundrel ! Take him away .|You 've got your money . Go now . What do you mean ? Is he mad ?
You 've got your money . Go now . What do you mean ? Is he mad ?|He quarrels for a couple of rupees . He may kill for 5 rupees . Send him back to his village . All right . We 'll send him back . He 's a quarrelsome person . Calm down ... calm down .
Oh , it 's great , it slows them down just enough , it 's pretty great . So , um ...|But let me show you how a professional ventriloquist dummy works . This will be a little disconcerting for some people , but you pull the head off .
But let me show you how a professional ventriloquist dummy works . This will be a little disconcerting for some people , but you pull the head off .|And the body on a professional ventriloquist dummy is usually hollow , there 's nothing inside that chest cavity . But in the top of the shoulders is a hole and inside that hole goes what 's called the control stick or the head stick . And on that head stick are the various controls to move the different movements on the dummy 's face . This one does the mouth , this one does the eyes . You put them all together , you can bring him to life . As for the voice for Little Jeff , in one of my earlier acts , way back when , Peanut , one of my other characters , he had a Little Jeff and he did a show with him . He had his voice for Little Jeff , but I have to come up with my own voice for him . Because I can 't do the same voices that Peanut does .
Thank you .|May I , Florence ? Claude !
May I , Florence ? Claude !|We have serious things to say .
I promise you there have been a handful of audiences I 've done that joke , and they don 't get it .|They sit there and look at each other and go , " Oh , yeah , you can 't do the same voice Peanut can . Can 't do it , so ... "
They sit there and look at each other and go , " Oh , yeah , you can 't do the same voice Peanut can . Can 't do it , so ... "|How you doing , Little Jeff ? Uh , doing fine . So here we are at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood , and I know I 'm supposed to come up here and talk to all the nice folks . Why is there a little Hello Kitty on the freaking stage ?
I also ventured to write this modest commentary .|Thank you very much . Well , go on ! Hurry up and sign .
For Little Jeffy 's voice . Oh , you 're getting pissed now . That 's funny as hell . You realize you 're getting pissed at yourself .|I know you 're getting pissed , I can see it in my eyes .
I want Raja to wear this dress in today 's party . I 've got it made myself . It would look so good on Raja .|But he ... ? Why ?
Who else do I have besides you ?|But don 't tell Raja that I 've given it to you . Otherwise he won 't wear it . You know how Raja is ! Then what should I tell him ? Every wife knows how to convince her husband .
We looked for you everywhere . At Berkeley , the Sorbonne ...|I wasn 't there . I was here , in the country .
" What else is in the box , Jeff ? "|Well , besides you in the box , there 's a DVD . Of what ? Lessons in ventriloquism . Why ? Well , if somebody purchases Little Jeff , and they want to learn ventriloquism , or if they have a child at home . That 's a great idea .
You will wear this today ?|Yes . I thought of wearing my wedding dress tonight .
Why do some people write ?|Thanks .
Yes . I thought of wearing my wedding dress tonight .|No ... today you 'll wear this .
Yeah , piece of cake .|Are they in uniform ?
He 's not coming with us , is he ? You bet . He wouldn 't miss this for the world .|Aren 't you supposed to be in America ?
Stop it , stop it . Stop it , come back . Stop it .|Stop it . Stop it . Stop it .
Stop it . Stop it . Stop it .|Stop it !
You 've lost weight .|I 'm happy to see you all the same .
Do you know ... in this party , the richest of people have come ?|Come ... let me introduce you to all of them . But will you agree to something ?
You won 't sit down ? No , I 'm not sitting down .|I knew it would be like this . I was expecting this from you guys .
Come ... let me introduce you to all of them . But will you agree to something ?|Keep quiet in theirl presence .
Little something for everybody .|This is a book on how to do ventriloquism .
I didn 't pity you when I met you .|But you weren 't much to look at .
But you weren 't much to look at .|You weren 't as glorious as you are now .
Uncle ... where is Raja ? Where 're you going ?|You should leave your husband alone for some time . He 's mixing with people . He 's happy .
You should leave your husband alone for some time . He 's mixing with people . He 's happy .|All right .
What difference does it make to you ?|Does it make you any less successful ?
Does it make you any less successful ?|Maybe there 's something I don 't understand .
Isn 't it such an unusual name ? The owner of Hindustan and Hindustan Motor Company .|He has hundreds of cars .
Is this sarcasm ?|Yes .
Yes .|So what I would like to do this evening is to perform one of these three routines .
Okay .|The routine that I picked to do this evening is one that I wrote as a tribute to the comedy team , Abbott and Costello . Huh ? Their most famous rout ... There you go .
Too expensive . I won 't pay that much for this filthy hole . Are you seriously insulting me ?|This is an opportunity .
The opportunity .|You gotta see the possibilities ! The homely character ! This excellent location ! These wonderful facilities ! And it is just like new ! THE REAL ESTATE AGENT
Hey ! Where are you taking me ?|You 've already made quite a scene . Come to the room now . No . Not in the room . Right here ! In everybody 's presence !
And somehow having never seen the book , H ! just know mine !|Yeah , let 's all pretend the little dummy 's actually reading a book !
Oh , did I fuck up the illusion ?|Sorry , Mr. Copperfield .
You interfere a lot with our lives . Keep quiet now !|Why 're you embarrassing us in everybody 's presence ? Why ?
Why 're you embarrassing us in everybody 's presence ? Why ?|Embarrassment !
Fuck you .|We take it ! You won 't regret it . Well , now let 's get down to business . The owner want cash . No cards , no checks . Just cash . If you hurry a little , we can make this deal today !
Run , Forrest , run !|Hey , you better hurry before your cat runs out of water .
Hey , you better hurry before your cat runs out of water .|'Cause as we all know , there 's nothing worse than a dry ... Cat .
And by accepting this illiterate , naive and uncultured person ... .. everybody 's heads are hanging in shame .|Poor souls !
That was too close .|That 's what she said .
They 're afflicted with a false sense of pride !|You too are embarrassed of me ! Me ? Yes . Aren 't you embarrassed ? No .
I have to ask you to leave now . I have ... appointments .|I 'm happy for you extraordinarily .
Oh , we can use Hello Kitty for smoke signals .|Well , you 've always said you wanted a hot , smoking pussy ... Cat .
What 've I done that you 're being so respectable towards me in public ?|What have you not done ?
Especially this guy .|Go get the hippies .
You ready ? I guess . All right , here we go . How are you , Little Jeff ? Kind of sad . Why is that ? Everyone makes fun of my dog . What 's wrong with your dog ? Nothing . Then why do people make fun of him ? He has kind of a weird name . I see , did you come up with the name yourself ? Yeah , my mom lets me name all my pets . Sure . What 's your dog 's name ? I Forgot . How could you forget ? Forget what ? You said you forgot your dog 's name . No , I didn 't . Yes , you did . No , I said my dog 's name is I Forgot . Right . Right what ? You said it again . Said what again ? That you forgot your dog 's name . No . What 's wrong with you ? You just said , " My dog 's name is I Forgot . " Exactly ! Exactly what ? That 's his name . Whose name ? The dog 's ! That you forgot . What ?|Do you have a dog ? Yes . What 's his name ? I Forgot .
Did you buy this dress ?|I lied to you because ... You lied , didn 't you ?
How could you ? I don 't know what you 're talking about !|You 're nuts . That 's the cat .
Ask her ! Does this dress not belong to him ?|Mine ? Did you not go to him ...
Do you speak English ? That 's the hamster .|Who is ? Do You Speak English . I just asked you that . That 's the hamster . Yes . Yes , what ? I was answering your question . I didn 't ask a question ! Yes , you did . No . You asked me if I spoke English . No , I was telling you the hamster 's name . You 're nuts . Meow . Say goodnight . I 'm Little Jeff .
Why 're you lying ? Why 're you embarrassing Aarti in public ?|Liars ! All of you are liars !
Father !|You raised your hand on my father ?
I 'm not lying !|Leave my hand !
Great ! Okay !|I did not go to Starbucks , I did not ! Not !
Okay , yes I did , I went to frigging Starbucks !|I ... Love it , love coffee , it 's great !
Good day .|Show me your ID and your license .
I ... Love it , love coffee , it 's great !|You went there ? Yes ! Maybe , no . Yes , I think so !
Can you identify yourself ? , Why am I standing here ? , Because ...|Give it to him !
What did I tell him ?|Where are you going ?
Where are you going ?|He 's going away , Mother . Let me stop him . Don 't be a fool !
Then use your routine ... to get back into your car .|That 's not possible . Oh yes ... That 's possible .
That 's not possible . Oh yes ... That 's possible .|Yeah ! Fuck him up !
He 's going away , Mother . Let me stop him . Don 't be a fool !|He 's misbehaved with me . He 's misbehaved with you . And now you 'll go to appease him ? Even if he wants to go , how far can he go ? He 'll roam about on the streets all night . And when he comes to his senses in the morning ... .. he will come back rushing to you . He won 't come . Listen carefully to what your mother has to say .
And then I tried some kind of gum , but that didn 't work . Gum ? Because I it mixed up with a condom , that 's a big ass bubble right there .|Hey , you lost a shoe . No dude , I found one .
Hey , you lost a shoe . No dude , I found one .|Oh !
Oh !|What the fuck happened ?
I 'll bring back Raja .|Ifhe 's annoyed with you ... .. I 'll convince him in your name and bring him back . But he ... Why do you worry ? I 'm there . Leave everything to your mother .
Sorry , he just kind of got away from me there .|Sorry , Peanut .
No . Neither will she come .|What is it ? You may read it .
Close your mouth !|Apparently , they can understand you and I can 't .
We all want to know .|The answer to all questions !
What the hell is that ?|What ? Your hand . It smells like shit .
Will she be able to live without me ?|All right then ! I too will live without her . What 're you saying ? No , Aunty .
My real estate pimp !|Why ? , Why , you asshole ? , My real estate pimp !
We haven 't come here to see your new performance .|If you hate Aarti so much , then sign the divorce papers .
Asshole .|See ?
See ?|It smells like shit .
After encirlcling fire for seven times ... .. the relationship becomes permanent ...|.. even if we don 't see each other 's face for a lifetime .
Mother !|Father !
Does she know what you did ? , Does she know ? , Just dig me out and ask her yourself .|Shut your mouth . I must think .
He wants you to divorce .|Divorce ?
Come on . Don 't think .|Come on . Dig me out and run .
I 'll kick your ass .|I can find another guy .
My servers and protectors !|What can I do for you on this lovely wonderful good morning ? , May I come in for a second ? , Please do .
What does that mean ? You have no idea what you 're doing , but you 're really good at it .|You know , Trump could learn something from you . How 's that ? He 's always saying things that ? ! get him into trouble . Yeah . He should just put me on his knee and I 'll say the stuff for him .
I 'm sorry .|Well .
Did you shoot from over there ? , With that thing ? , Oh , oh , oh , watch out !|If you don 't watch out , the kickback will rip your shoulder off . May I ? , Hey , cut out the fucking shooting !
Look at that ! This is all your fault . Why , why did you have to materialize that stupid cop here ? , Where he came from , there are more .|No one is looking for you .
Grandpa 'd be like , " What the hell 's wrong with this damn thing ? "|Peanut , that 's really mean ! Yeah , but that was funny as hell .
They had a really old dog too , they eventually had to put stickers across their sliding glass door , otherwise that dog would try and run right through the glass door . I used to stand inside with a tennis ball , and then pretend to throw it outside .|That dog would be like ... 
Sometimes Grandpa and that dog would try and take walks together . They 'd both try and walk through the glass door at the same time . Grandma would be like , " I just got through cleaning that thing . What the heck ... "|What ? Peanut , what if your grandpa was here this evening ? Wouldn 't you feel kind of bad ? I guess . What would you say to your grandpa ?
Say goodnight , Peanut . Thanks , everybody !|Thanks , you GUYS !
Thanks , you GUYS !|All right , so we have one guy left . And it amazes me that I get to give this introduction , but it 's the truth . And it 's all because of great folks like you , and here it is .
All right , so we have one guy left . And it amazes me that I get to give this introduction , but it 's the truth . And it 's all because of great folks like you , and here it is .|Please help me welcome , the most beloved terrorist throughout the world ... Achmed , the dead terrorist .
I won 't divorce him .|He wants to leave me , doesn 't he ? But I 'll never leave him .
Greetings , American infidels !|All right , Achmed , for the folks who might not know you ... Hey , hey , hey . Everyone knows me !
Do you really want me to rot in here ? , Look . Look at that .|Wouldn 't be a great loss .
What 's the difference ? He 's not on Facebook .|Okay , but your name is Achmed . Yes . Achmed , the dead terrorist . Do you know me , infidels ?
Dig me out , eh ? , Come on .|Yeah . Come on .
Yeah . Come on .|Later .
Greetings , Madam .|What 're you doing here ? I 've come to visit Mumbai .
It 's not funny !|Silence ! I kill you !
Silence ! I kill you !|I love this stuff , yeah .
I was looking as to how big people appear from the bottom .|A typical villager !
Fuck ! Fuck !|Come on .
Madam ! What is it ?|You 're so nice !
He 's gone .|Fucking shit !
You 're so nice !|Ask him to stop this ! Stop it ...
Ask him to stop this ! Stop it ...|Madam is very nice . Let me serve ...
Madam ... we 've come to meet Aarti .|I wonder what happened between Raja and Aarti that ... What have you got to do with it ? She doesn 't want to meet you . She hates you people . She wants to forget all of you . I don 't believe you .
Wait , wait . With a Mexican accent .|Ha !
Ha !|So what do you think of Donald Trump ? I actually love the guy . But you think I 'm crazy ? That guy 's bonkers .
Right now !|Dig me out !
Pull ! Pull !|Pull !
Oh , screw you , that 's a funny joke . Ha !|That reminds me , did you know I have been adding to my career skills lately ?
You know , Achmed , maybe for a different line of work , you could do something that would help people . Like what ? I could answer a suicide hotline . |I 'd be like , " No , no , you 're fine , go ahead . You 're good . "
And you ...|Not a peep from you , huh ? , I 'm coming !
Not a peep from you , huh ? , I 'm coming !|What is it ? , I am coming !
Yes . We saw a child in Aarti 's arms with our own eyes . Your child is very cute . Why did Aarti hide such an important thing from us ? It 's your child , and we don 't even know about it . It 's your child ! Your own blood ! We saw it with our own eyes .|My child !
But I found them again .|Yeah . Balls don 't bounce .
My child !|My child !
What 're you doing ? I 'm telephoning the police .|You 're a donkey 's son . You cannot be my son . But didn 't you say that ... ?
You 're a donkey 's son . You cannot be my son . But didn 't you say that ... ?|We don 't have to act like we say . We can 't get a better opportunity . What ? We 'll chop off the necks of Raja and his child .
My child !|No ... whatever has happened hasn 't happened for good . No matter how serious the quarrel might 've been ... .. you shouldn 't have severed the relationship . What had been so serious that you sent divorce papers to Raja ?
What ? I sent the divorce papers ? I wanted to sever the relationship ?|I was carrying the child .
But I just did .|Man against man . Go !
Tell me the truth . No ! Tell me the truth , or I 'll thrash you ! No ... no ! Tell me !|I 'll tell you !
I 'll save him .|I won 't save him .
Do you send spam ? You idiot . No pork . Oh .|That was for all my Jewish friends out there , yay !
What ? , Won 't save him .|I 'll save him .
I 'll save him .|Won 't save him .
I 'm kidding , I love Barack . He and I grew up together .|In Hawaii . In Hawaii .
In Hawaii . In Hawaii .|I 'm sorry , I thought they knew .
She says you must go see Lalla Chafia . Maybe she can cure you .|She says she 's expecting you .
Who is expecting me ?|The saint who heals , up on the hill . You must go there .
What ? I had a little camel toe .|You used to look at it all the time !
Please forgive me .|All is not lost yet .
She says living too fast makes one die too young .|At what age did I die then ? At what time ? Where everything started , or where it all ended ?
All is not lost yet .|Tomorrow morning , Raja will come straight home with the child . We 'll reunite you with him there . Won 't we ? Yes .
Where is it ? It 's on ...|It 's on the floor . Get it , you idiot .
Just beside the jewelry store .|Is that your last price ? It 's just what I need to finish my new boat .
No !|Stop !
Stop !|No !
No !|I am on your side . Beat these scoundrels !
Stop !|No !
Why not ? You did Peanut .|Can you put it back ? I think . I don 't know what 's wrong . Just put it ... You are so cute .
We 're now taking your progeny to bury him in some deserted land ! No ! You don 't want to do it , do you ? Then transfer all your property in my favour ! Come on , my son !|Come on !
You 'll bury my child ! ?|Stop it ... or he will die !
The white or the black one ?|I don 't think you 'll like my choice .
I still got it .|Don 't let me fall down ! What the hell ?
Unless it 's really cold , then it 's Bob .|And don 't make it talk . I ...
And how could you believe that I could be unfaithful to you ?|That I could hide from you that we have our child ?
It 's not funny at all , okay ? I think we 're good . All right . So , now ...|What the hell ?
What the hell ?|How can I be naked ? I feel naked !
Believe me ... I didn 't do any such thing ...|So you still don 't believe me ?
All right . What do you want ?|That I should walk away from your life ? I 'll go away .
You want the child , don 't you ?|You may keep the child with you forever .
I 'm cold .|You 're not afraid of trouble .
A.B.C.D.E. F ...|Departures don 't keep you awake .
I 'll manage to live without the child .|But I cannot bear your suspicion and your hatred for me .
You gave me the world 's finest jewels , but no wedding ring .|Who said : " Never wed your mistress , " for marriage is love 's perfect murder . " ? You have more like that ? A.B.C. D ... A.B.C.D. Me too . But you 're still leaving .
There would be no shame in it .|Y. ' ' ' Tis a long train journe
Stop her , Raja ! Don 't go ... please stop ! Come on , Father ...|Let 's go ...
How can I make you understand I 'm not leaving you ? Right ! You 're leaving to better find me . You see a better reason ? From now on I might turn to women .|We 'd have something more in common .
Who knows ?|Could be a mercenary .
Acupuncture .|Needle .
I 'm ready for that sacrifice . Anything between us would be like revenge to me . I wouldn 't dare think you 'd like me !|I 'm in Paris next week . Do you want to meet ? Gives you time to think it over . The thinking 's done . Things like that , it 's now or never .
" This is what I get for falling in love with you "|" This is what I get for falling in love with you "
I gathered Valentin was a bit of a handful , but I didn 't catch on that he had a whole " handful club " around him .|Does it turn you on or not ? Just the idea ? I love handfuls , didn 't you notice ? How old are you ? And you ? Like in poker , I love to go last .
I think we 're in the same class .|Wicked !
I 'm going by the chemist 's , so come along . First time in Essaouira ?|You 're lucky , normally there 's this wild wind .
Are you afraid of the monster , miss ?|So what , he snapped at me ...
But it 's only wind rumbling ...|Stop charming me with your scary stories !
Just say it in a simple way . That 's how we do it at the castle .|My name is Benjamin . I 'm sixteen years old .
Knowing that might be of benefit to both , you and me .|That 's all I know .
So ?|Well , maybe we 'll do a little physical ... Then call my brother and tell him the whole works . Then we 'll go have a drink . Of course . Thanks . To feel better .
Well , maybe we 'll do a little physical ... Then call my brother and tell him the whole works . Then we 'll go have a drink . Of course . Thanks . To feel better .|Hugs and kisses .
No matter what happens ! I can claim it to the first baron of ... something ... Sandomierz .|Sandomierz Kreisamt .
But you have a ticket to Fez , and this is Douar . If you want to go to Fez , it 's that way . 159 miles . Here it 's Douar . You , you want to go to Fez . That way . Sorry , sir , I 'm foolish these days . Get in . Sorry ... I 'm English !|Excuse me , I 'm to see Dr. Lamy , for a CAT scan .
Maybe , I don 't care about those names .|The ceremony was held in the noblest order . The march set off from the suburbs of Josefstadt .
1 mark 70 .|There 's something else , too .
Not really , because I could kill someone and not remember doing so . How long do these blackouts last ? Any idea ? I can 't tell you , because I cannot remember . Memories are like knowledge : It 's what 's left over once you forget it all . And we do forget things ... we forget a lot . Luckily too !|Do you think it might be serious ? Serious ? Only the CAT scan can tell us . I 'm real busy right now , but I might find an opening tomorrow afternoon . Would that be good for you ? I 'll give you these pills in the meantime .
It isn 't paralyzed , is it ?|No .
I 've never done this before . Doctors are for illnesses that go away on their own .|I really love this medina . The most beautiful in the world but don 't come alone at night . Less dangerous than waiting for the CAT scan .
I 'll see you for dinner .|We haven 't danced together in ages . At least you remember . Do you have to leave tonight ? The sooner I leave , the sooner I 'm back . With your new plane , you 're always gone . I promise , as of next week , I won 't leave your side .
I 'll call back .|Don 't gimme that look . It 's just water .
Jesus ! Then go home . This is no kindergarten . Call Mommy and go home . I didn 't call . So I was accepted . Janosch has a weird sense of humor . It takes a while to get used to , and you always have to be ready for it . Sometimes he 's like a little abandoned dog . You never know when he 'll bite .|Kugli is the best table soccer player at boarding school . His father owns an entire soccer team in Bochum .
Helenka !|I 'll come to you at night ! I 'll knock the window shutter three times !
It bothers him that his son didn 't become a soccer player .|Florian 's nickname is " Girl . " He lost his parents in a car accident . His grandmother takes care of him . She cuts his hair and buys him those wonderful clothes . The thin guy , Felix , is waiting for his musical breakthrough . He and his band haven 't had a gig yet , 'cause they can 't agree on a name .
Troy 's been here longer than the others . Some days , he never says a single word . Nobody knows what 's on his mind . He 's the only guy with his own room .|He doesn 't even let the cleaning lady in . They made an exception for him because of his family problems .
Put a little bit here .|Hey , Benni . What 's wrong ?
Don 't tell me you can 't remember that . How could I forget ? You should 've said so . Sir , I am not crass . There is a certain natural elegance to amnesia . Since you spent the night together , sorry for bothering you .|If we spent the night together , maybe we can have ... breakfast together .
With whom should I spend my time ?|My little sister , I 'll marry you to a prince !
We all wanna go home .|But we can 't . I think we 're all chunks of meat in a big , fat can of dog food . And Kugli is the biggest chunk .
I haven 't really thought about it until now . As long as I can remember , I 've always been in love with a girl .|But I don 't remember ever going with one . They always thought I was weird .
Goodbye , dear host !|... hearts joined with a fraternal link are not separating !
Why are you lurking ? You 're plotting a roguery again .|If I see you on Baska once again I 'll rip your ears off !
" Fuck . "|Okay , I 'll put it in the column for inappropriate terms .
Then , like in the movies , you kissed me . Like nobody 's ever kissed me .|And then ?
General Augereau took the flags and brought them to the end of the bridge .|He stayed there for a couple of minutes , but without any result .
" Crack the cherry . "|Who has another suggestion ? You ?
One day , maybe . Shit ! It 's time for our pills .|Aren 't you taking yours ?
Who ? Who went by himself .|Then one who was at the beginning ... Bonaparte ...
So you did come to see me .|Were I supposed to wait till you wake up everyone in the house ?
Okay .|You see
Helena !|You 've got wet moustache ! Maybe for the next time ...
What do you do , besides stealing ?|I 'm a thief .
He asked me if I wanted to have sex with him .|Yes , well I don 't know if that would be good for me . Can I just try it out , or is there a danger of becoming homosexual ?
It 'd be best if we left together . Follow me to the lobby . Let 's go .|Look at that man leaving . That guy ? He was staring at me in the bar last night , smiling . You know him ? He 's a skipper . Got here yesterday . You questioned him ? He has an alibi : Spent all night with the singer . All this makes me think that my barman , it can 't be him , but he 's from the Alps . A true mountaineer . I 'm sorry you had to rush back , that you had to fly back . Great move you made : 2 million dollars ! Congratulations . Go on , tell me what you said earlier . In the bar , last night , the man was eyeing the Italian lady and her jewels . That 's what jewels are made for . To be admired . You speak Italian too ?
Troy , what 's wrong ? Shouldn 't I have said anything , or what ?|Hey , Troy . Are you okay ?
Whenever you act like that , Janosch , I wonder if we 're still friends . Why not ? We 're bosom buddies .|You asshole !
I haven 't seen her .|I haven 't been home for so long .
Listen , let us out here . We 'll walk what 's left . Are you serious ? Are we serious ?|Who can resist a legend ? The legend says you must take the track that Lalla Chafia walked .
How did you end up in Morocco ? I came to forget . Funny for an amnesiac , ain 't it ?|The front desk girl was adamant . They asked for a cab to drive them to Lalla Chafia 's grave .
We believed that we were responsible for the whole country and that we would save it .|Father ... broke my sword with his own hands .
You 're beginning to scare me . It 's not my fault if our world has more buyers than experts . Don 't be amazed if you have headaches . Where do your headaches come from ? In love stories too , there are more buyers than experts .|What if the miracle was to work on just one of us ?
What if the miracle was to work on just one of us ?|Whatever may happen , I 'll keep believing that whatever happens is for the best . Even having such headaches ? Otherwise we wouldn 't have met . You think that 's for the best ?
Some of the students still don 't get the picture . We have one more exam before the school year is over .|You have no reason to be funny . Your exam is the second worst . A " D " minus .
What were you supposed to know ? The same things concerned everyone .|At Szczepociny Prussians hurt me with a bayonet ...
I was laying in the field , among dead bodies . This soldier returned for me at night and took me away .|Generally , there was no use .
I rent this .|I root out junipers , grief is tormenting me .
You know , if we had our CAT scans we 'd know by now . If someone gave you an envelope , stating the day of your death , would you open it ?|Is that what made you set off towards Lalla Chafia ?
I plead guilty .|What do you blame your wife for ?
Together ?|Together .
Only what I 'd like to blame you for , one day .|Meaning ?
It 's only time that 's to blame .|And there 's no other way ? To split up early enough , or to die early enough .
I wish I 'd be with you more often , Piotrus .|It 's so empty in these forests , so morose and strange .
With time With time all fades away One forgets the face , One forgets the voice When the heart beats no longer No point in searching any further Just let go and it 's all right .|With time With time all fades away One forgets the face , One forgets the voice When the heart beats no longer No point in searching any further Just let go and it 's all right .
Falkenstein didn 't give me a grade .|You really saved me by falling .
Are you okay ?|How can donkeys see at night ?
How can donkeys see at night ?|Very good question .
But still Rosenheim was really good .|Absolutely .
But I wouldn 't like to leave this place .|You know how much I love you .
Thoughts are gone .|I look at you and I think I 'm committing a crime .
I don 't either .|Take a drink .
I look at you and I think I 'm committing a crime .|Tell me , why do you torment yourself with things which passed a long time ago ?
Not to worry ...|Take half a drink .
For you to stop crying over the lack of rights for these herds , over taking away for paradise .|This paradise was barony , was yours . You know it .
How long did it last ?|3 minutes . Just the time it took to go from here to there . Want me to call a cab ? I just want a drink of water , then let 's get going .
No .|He isn 't at home .
Don 't make Lalla Chafia wait .|Wait ! You forgot this .
Wait ! You forgot this .|What is it ?
It was in April 1799 .|I found myself in Mantua . Locked behind the walls of the city , during a siege lasting for weeks .
Austrian marshall baron Krei broke the left wing of the French army .|The rest of the second Polish legion was locked in Mantua too .
Damn it !|Man , that 's unfair . How can I concentrate while you 're hopping around in front of me with your stupid shirt . It 's utterly tasteless ! Hey babe , I know this 'll never compete with your clothes .
It won 't work .|A girl like Malen needs time , and I 'm gonna take my time . Oh God !
Every time I arrest someone ... he 's either innocent , amnesiac or an orphan .|He 'll confirm everything . You remember seeing a doctor , seems like it 's starting to come back .
The garrison came out with honours , on the grounds of capitulation read aloud in ranks .|The second paragraph claimed that Polish army will be treated entirely like the French Rebublic army .
With time With time all fades away|With time ...
I started with a gunner , in order not to quarrel about ranks with officers who came from battlefield and not to take advantage of privileges of my name .|We didn 't expect anything .
We didn 't expect anything .|Our thoughts confused because of malaria , were mixed up and mislead .
I can really understand that a guy 'd fall in love with Malen .|It 's more important that we are friends . Sure , it 's how I see it , too .
It 's more important that we are friends . Sure , it 's how I see it , too .|Anyway , I won 't be insulted if she takes you .
Tell me where the jewels are and you can sit .|The Moroccan embassy in Morocco . Not the Moroccan embassy in Paris ... the Moroccan embassy in Morocco . There is no Moroccan embassy in Morocco . Embassies are in other countries .
Anyway , I won 't be insulted if she takes you .|If she takes you , could you guys go to her room to make out ?
Into what had our despair turn ? Our pain , wounds , banishment ?|Only the scabs of disgrace ...
That isn 't right , Benjamin .|Work it out once more , and concentrate .
Only the scabs of disgrace ...|Memories of insult still wake me up at nights .
You aren 't laughing .|Just a little bit ?
Why are you here ?|It 's my mother 's idea . But someday you 're going to decide about your own future . Not your mother . And notJanosch either .
Can you doubt it ?|Thanks to you , I have one day more on this land .
Sixteen hours standing up . A record ! If you 'd told me where the jewels are , you 'd be with your girlfriend climbing to Lalla Chafia .|Put yourself in our shoes . Listen , it 's a hell of a coincidence that those jewels and a man like you met . You were made for one another .
Crazy enough to live it up , no reason to give it up . It 's so crazy , so crazy and great|The next song is by me . It 's called " Wild Girls . "
An account ?|I can still give an account .
We know you didn 't spend the night together . The doorman saw you return around 5 am ... alone . What if I did the robbery ? Here 's his past . I 'm only interested in his future . You want to read his statement ? Here . Question : " Did you spend the night " with Miss Jane Lester , in her room at the Hotel Jamai ? " Answer : " No . "|Which proves he 's a gentleman .
They are elderly . Anyway ...|What ?
That 's why our conversations seemed harsh for those who didn 't know our friendship .|Maybe you also found my comments unpleasant .
I wet my bed at night like a baby .|There 's nothing I can do .
Why is that ? Dear prince ... Both of us , me and my brother ...|We ...
You 'll stay as long as you want .|You 'll leave when you want .
Memory of your brother wouldn 't let me stay in here .|I 'm going to Warsaw .
I 'm going to Warsaw .|Be willing to treat my house ... like a place of your own .
Be willing to treat my house ... like a place of your own .|You can write to your parents that I had an account to settle with Piotr .
And Rabat ... and Marrakech too .|Hello , Detective . It 's Jane . I have information for you . And I have some for you too . Valentin confessed . The operation 's tomorrow .
I hope we will be having potatoes today .|I hate porridge , pearl barley , buckwheat , with which you fatten us , dear brother .
Yeah .|I was really scared when I climbed up .
I 'm telling you , if I miss this plane ... You 'll take the next one !|What ? You 'll take the next one , in 5 or 6 years . What 's going on ? The maid just found the jewels in your bags . Mrs. Falconetti gave them to me . At knifepoint ? She 's my mistress . She can give me gifts .
Hello .|Where are you ? In Paris .
I was really scared when I climbed up .|I actually wanted to climb down again .
A COURTIER This poor man we haven 't even known must have really mattered to you .|Stop it , please .
Let the show begin With a story of a piano bar Which was down on its luck , Didn 't know what to make of the girl who sang of her life A star ...|Will he be on time ?
Play the harpsichord , please .|And try to be more human .
Dark thief ...|It 's nothing if he never sees the leaf ...
Hey , Benni , this is a party , okay ? So just relax . Man , I just don 't know .|Is it my fault that you 're too chicken ?
Thank you .|Please , pay attention to what is fashionable in Warsaw , to report me everything when you come back .
Don 't you feel okay ?|What 's wrong with you ?
Wait a minute , you know that ? All right . Who are you and what do you want with my sister ? I 'm here to tutor her . Seriously . Quinn , your tutor 's here ! David , hi . Helen Morgendorffer . Don 't mind Daria . Unemployment does strange things to one 's mind .|Eric tells me you 've worked wonders with his niece . Jasmine 's been doing very well . Of course , it makes my job easier to have the support of involved parents .
Eric tells me you 've worked wonders with his niece . Jasmine 's been doing very well . Of course , it makes my job easier to have the support of involved parents .|Yes . Quinn !
Well , I 'm leaving soon anyway . My mom 's going to England , and I 'm going with her .|Don 't you have any feeling in your arm ?
Then you 'll come with me to Warsaw and , if you manage , you 'll be my secretary .|Now go to Hulka and wash yourself , otherwise they 'll make fun of you .
No .|A little bit , but it 's like when it falls asleep , like when your leg falls asleep .
Work on your master 's land , like God commanded you to !|Well , Michcik ?
What about my bribe ?|But Stacy , how can I possibly decide if you should wear your chocolate brown or beige brown headband if you haven 't picked out your eyeliner ?
You 're not attracted to books , are you ?|You sowed wheat , rye and even barley .
Um ... hello . Would , um , anyone like to say anything before we get started ? How come you 're so pale ? Why do you bite your nails ? Do you ever smile ? Um , how about you ? Would you like to say anything ?|Is it fall yet ?
Hi , I wanted you to meet Carsten .|This is Benni and Janosch . He studies architecture in Konstanz and came all the way for the ball .
Yeah ? Sounds like you 're having as good a day as I am . Well , things are looking up now . Want to do something later ? I can 't . I 'm gonna be stuffing this stupid envelopes all night . But I 'll see you at my family 's Fourth of July party , right ?|Right . Unless I ... shove an ice cream scooper down someone 's throat first !
It was Napoleon , you must have heard about him .|I was in Egypt after the war which took place in there , meanwhile these pyramids , Sphinx , the cities , the lost obelisks took me so much that I forgot about the aim of my trip .
The blue strand represents the gnawing feeling of failure growing with each wasted year . The green represents the ulcer you 're developing from the unrelenting indignities you suffer . Take the blue and cross it under ... I mean , over the loop and then through the frustration ... argh ... ! Lanyards suck !|So continue threading the blue with the green until you 've finished . Or can 't take the tedium anymore .
My last day here and the first day I 've worn this .|It looks good on you .
Good one , man .|Wait a minute , Kevvy . He 's serious . But how can you be dating Jane and Daria ? Well , I 'm not dating Jane anymore . Oh .
I want you to get used to the thought that you don 't know anything about me , don 't understand anything .|You will give me a formal , noble word for it . Can you ?
I promise I 'll never forget you guys .|How could lever forget you after all the stuff we 've been through .
Dad ! You remember Daria Morgendorffer . And this is Tom Sloane . Sloane ? You 're not Angier 's boy , are you ? As a matter of fact , yeah . Great guy . And how 's your lovely mother , Katherine ? You know my mother ? I just had the pleasure . We 're up for membership at Winged Tree and she 's on the board . Forget politics . That 's power .|I can 't believe I let you talk me into this . You can 't eat in your room forever . Why go to an artists ' colony if you 're not going to mingle with your fellow artists ? That 's like saying why go to a penal colony if you 're not going to mingle with your fellow ... I think I 'll stop there . Come on , I know they 'll warm up to you if you give them a chance . Um , are we by any chance conversing across parallel dimensions ? I 'll bet you dinner I 'm right .
You 'll have just one servant I keep in here .|And now ... Read .
Have you ever lived such a moment when the bare ground trembles under the sun ?|The water shines and the moss of tiny grass bends ... And meanders like faint smoke .
Congressman Sack 's office . Hey ! How 's it going ? Terrible . You want to go to a movie Saturday ? I have to pull a double shift at the crisis center . You know , I never see you anymore . I know , but look at it this way . I 'm wasting away the summer stuck inside all day . At least you get to drive around in your nice white suit ringing your little bells . Hey , you think it 's funny that I have to do this ? ! Who said it was funny ?|I got to get this . I 'll talk to you later . We want ice cream ! Yeah ... later .
I got to get this . I 'll talk to you later . We want ice cream ! Yeah ... later .|Daria ! It 's that Tom !
Woman : Do you hear that ? Man : It 's nothing . Stick to the road .|Oh . Where did it come from ? The cyclone must have dropped it .
You have a simple apron . But you have to know that kings and princes were seen in those disciple 's aprons too . Disciples , one of whom you are now , have such a sign . We also have a sign of help : Come to me , children and widows ! Come to me , children and widows ! Come to me , children and widows ! As we became brothers , we are connected by a bond of fraternal friendship .|And we maintain a firm feeling of goodwill toward each other .
And we maintain a firm feeling of goodwill toward each other .|We are obliged to take the utmost care of our brothers , each one of whom we help in case of any problems . We never forget about the connection between us .
Zelena : |How 's that , father ?
Don 't touch me !|I ... I 'm sorry . I can 't help it . You mean you can 't control it .
These pastels are great . Thanks . I wish the galleries felt the same way . They 're nuts . I knew you 'd get what I 'm trying to do . Top that off ? No , I 'd better call it a night . I get cranky if I don 't get my usual 12 hours . Come on , it 's still early . I 'm sure we can find something to do to amuse ourselves . Well , that 's where the whole sleeping thing factors in . I 'll see you tomorrow . I 'm exhausted . I can 't let you walk home in your condition . I 'm going to have to insist that you lie down . No , really , I 'm fine . I promise not to kick you out of bed in the morning . Well , unless you 're snoring . Thanks , but I ...|Oh , God . What 's the matter ? I 'm not your type ? Um , Alison ... I 'm straight . Yeah , right . I don 't think so . I 'm not gay .
Oh , God . What 's the matter ? I 'm not your type ? Um , Alison ... I 'm straight . Yeah , right . I don 't think so . I 'm not gay .|Where have I heard that before ?
Where have I heard that before ?|Wait a minute . Is this your first time with a girl ? Well , no wonder you 're nervous . Alison ... read my lips . I like guys . And hanging out with bisexuals in their bedrooms after they buy you dinner . Hey , I didn 't know you were bi . And the dinner thing was settling a bet . Sure ... settling a bet . I 'm sorry , baby , but I never hit on straight chicks . Listen , you 've been really nice to me and all , and I really appreciate it , but I 'm not interested in women . You mean you 're not ready to admit it .
Do you recognize me , my mate Krzysiu ?|I 'm Rafal Olbromski .
Peanut butter ! Sitting in circles ... stupid songs ... arts and crafts ... cruel and unusual ...|Hell ! I can 't take it anymore !
Make me breakfast .|I think not . If I 've really caused you this much trouble , I 'll spare you any more ! Now , where do you think you 're going ?
We got confused as hell when they told us who 's waiting for our fortitude . Some Karol Sardynski , prince of Parma , Herkules from Modena ...|I walked through so many paths with my comrades , defending these people .
But when the workers stormed the Bastille , they only found seven prisoners , and one of them was the Marquis de Sade . Eww . That 's more or less the way they felt . Did Marie Antoinette really have the champagne glasses molded after her ... you know ?|We really should be focusing more on the politics of the Revolution , but that 's what they say .
Yeah . Pedagogy .|Excellent . The brushwork is very confident , and I love the strained , almost antagonistic relationship with color . Really , you remind me of myself when I was young . Oh , Daniel . You 're not old . Well , I 'm certainly young ... at heart .
Excellent . The brushwork is very confident , and I love the strained , almost antagonistic relationship with color . Really , you remind me of myself when I was young . Oh , Daniel . You 're not old . Well , I 'm certainly young ... at heart .|Not to mention delusional of mind .
There was a new army and I was marching again . My heart was beating faster , because we were going straight to Vienna ! Austerlitz ! We won a big battle there . The Austrian Empire was completely destroyed . But I wasn 't destined to come into my land . I had to kneel down almost at the door . My leg was shattered and cut off . Your legs didn 't deserve to enter that land . God must punish people for crimes like yours ! The Lord says ' the revenge is mine ' . To kill free people just for usurper 's wish ! Usurper ! Look , today this usurper is the master of Vienna , Berlin , and now he 's approaching Poznanski land , Mazowsze , Warsaw !|We 've been sheding blood all over the world for 12 years waiting for this moment . I walked the whole earth through , I won 't go with them . But until sand doesn 't cover my eyes , I will find out about the rest .
Fine . Nice knowing you .|Yeah , nice knowing you .
Rafal ...|I know , I know .
So what ?|How did my life turn out ?
How did my life turn out ?|Why am I even bothering ?
Why am I even bothering ?|Emma :   How are you holding up ? How do you think ? Oh , Emma .
For inciting the subjects of the Emperor !|And for putting up resistance against the authorities ! You will be hanged ! Executioner , do your duty ! Accept words of consolation from our Lord Jesus Christ . Long live the Emperor !
You 're funny , Daria .|Anyway , don 't go crazy over this Tom stuff . Even Janey said you make a good couple . You mean made . We 're not going out anymore . Really ? Why ? A lot of stuff . Mainly I got weirded out by his family . But you weren 't dating them .
And for putting up resistance against the authorities ! You will be hanged ! Executioner , do your duty ! Accept words of consolation from our Lord Jesus Christ . Long live the Emperor !|People ! You are free ! The Emperor said so !
Mack ! I 'm going to take five .|These are for you . Aw ... that 's sweet . I 've missed you so much . Wow . I got to buy you flowers more often . Anyway , I got them to celebrate . I quit my job yesterday . Oh , Mack ... summer 's not even over . And it was such a piece of cake . Piece of cake ? Working in a dirty , cramped truck all day for minimum wage ? What would you know about it with your glamour jobs and your golf lessons ? What 's the matter with you ? I 'm on your side , remember ?
Don 't come any closer . Don 't worry . I 'm not here for your baby . Not today , anyway .|Then why are you here ?
Then why are you here ?|Now that my cover 's blown , I can finally pay a visit to my little sister .
Now that my cover 's blown , I can finally pay a visit to my little sister .|Who the hell are you talking about ? Why , you , of course , Regina .
Good evening , lieutenant !|This way , please .
It 's late , gentlemen ... It 's dawning .|Rafal !
You know what ? You 're remarkably suitable for being a soldier !|Losers ! You 'd better go to the gallows ! Shoot ! Shoot ! Hit me !
Use it to dig into our past , Regina . You need to learn the truth , and you must believe it . And then meet me on main street tonight .|Say ... sundown .
You really liked that guy , huh ?|Well , he certainly wasn 't what we intellectuals call a totally buff hottie , so if you saw past his looks , you can 't be completely shallow . Thanks , Daria . Damn it , I even told him I liked him ! I never do that ! Quinn ... sometimes you reach out to someone and all you get back is a slap in the face . Then why even bother ?
Losers ! You 'd better go to the gallows ! Shoot ! Shoot ! Hit me !|Belzebubs . Germans ! Scoundrels , Austrians ! I will come to you , limpy dogs ! Long live the Emperor ! What will we do now ? Firstly , take your boots off and pour the water out of them !
Henry : |And you 're sure Cora never said anything about her ? I think I would remember if my mother told me she had a love child with a scarecrow . It doesn 't matter if Zelena is your sister or not . She wants you dead . Any idea why ? I never even met her before today . Doesn 't mean you didn 't do something to piss her off . You did manage to step on a lot of toes back in our world . Well , none of them were green . Then there 's the missing year . Maybe you did something to her then . Stick to the lasagna , lady .
And you 're sure Cora never said anything about her ? I think I would remember if my mother told me she had a love child with a scarecrow . It doesn 't matter if Zelena is your sister or not . She wants you dead . Any idea why ? I never even met her before today . Doesn 't mean you didn 't do something to piss her off . You did manage to step on a lot of toes back in our world . Well , none of them were green . Then there 's the missing year . Maybe you did something to her then . Stick to the lasagna , lady .|It 's starting to sound an awful lot like you 're all on her side . Where are you going ? To find out exactly what this witch thinks I did to her .
Daria ... ?|I want to try again , too . Don 't say any more . I hate it when you get all mushy . Yeah , I don 't like it , either . Okay , then , I 'm glad . See ya .
Forward , boys !|Forward ! To the barricade !
Oh , my God !|Forgive my asking , but you do have life insurance on him , don 't you ?
Ready for the attack ! Go !|Long live the Emperor !
Does he know he 's gonna die ?|Yes .
He should be teaching me . Not her . I need to meet this wizard . I ... I 'll pay whatever you desire . Just , please ...  tell me how to get there .| Look down .
 Look down .|When you click your heels together three times , those slippers will take you wherever you desire .
He doesn 't wanna know when it 's gonna happen . When I 'm gonna do it . I can 't contend with that . I just can 't contend with that .|You wanted me to come so I 'd figure some way of writing insurance on him ? No . No , no .
That 's not possible . I 'm Zelena ... her firstborn .|We 'll see about that .
I will .|General .. ?
No , it 's all right . It 's all right . No , nothing .|Okay , all right , I 'm fine .
Come to me , children and widows ...|Pull the fuse out and put it out !
I 'm sorry , who ?|Leonard ? Okay . Hold on just a second , please .
Leonard ? Okay . Hold on just a second , please .|Some woman .
Michcik !|There , Gintult !
Hello .|Leonard ?
Need some cards , honey ? Need cards ? Perfect . We needed these .|I want you to swear to me that he 's gonna die in six weeks . I 'll give you the number of our doctor , Dr. Lopez . I want you to call him . Check me out with him . Swear to me . Swear to me .
How are you holding up ?|I 'm not a flying monkey , if that 's what you mean .  So , are you gonna tell me what 's in that letter you 've been staring at ? What letter ?
And I get on the train . I 'm dressed exactly like him , everybody sees me . At a specific point , I jump off the train . You 're there . We drag his ...|Corpse .
All of those 7 breadwinners were in need of food , just like me . Leave him alone . Get out , get away !|I said get out out !
I said get out out !|That 's enough , dastard ! Get out . Get out Bashirou ! Bashirou ! Bashirou !
Hereafler they are not allowing wound , brickbat , it 's incurable .|Hanieh , Bashirou , You !
What are you talking about ? As I do remember all your family members were chief or captain .|I am beholden to you and your father so much .
Rather complimentary , I 'd say . Why is this troubling you ?|I 've seen that letter a hundred times before .
Food was ready all the time .|The smell of his brewed coffee could be heard on the other side of village .
Cora never mentioned me ?|A firstborn daughter ? I think that 's something I would 've remembered .  Now , there 's a spell ... a curse ... I 've been working on for a very , very long time .
Is it his crime to ask you for his transportafions to make you earning money ?|I have a vow to play ketfledrum , he is not allowing . Bashirou , he is not responsible for your vow , is he ?
Over here , dearie . Close , but not close enough . Magic comes from emotion . Simply think of a moment that makes you seethe with anger . And use it to fuel that magic , yes . I learned that a long time ago . Well , it 's ... it 's hard to pick one .|Finding out that my mother abandoned me , that my father never wanted me ... Getting warmer . ... that my sister got everything that I ever desired , that she didn 't even have to try , that it was all just handed to her , that she doesn 't even know what she has ! Ding , dong .
Go ahead .|Did Zaer Kheder allow you to play Kettledrum ?
Hello , Leonard .|Hi . Everything all right ? Don 't worry about me , darling . Leonard 's here to help .
We better get started . I 'll go put this in the trunk .|You 're going the wrong way . Leonard , turn around . The station 's the other way . Leonard , look , we 're passing a cemetery . It 's deserted here .
Wh ... what do you think about ? I 'm the teacher . I ask the questions . But ... but if you don 't tell me , then how will I learn ?|Well , like you , I was abandoned as a child .
Is it over yet ?|No , Jesus !
No , Jesus !|Don 't ! Get it off of him , goddamn it ! Get it off !
If you talk about Tangak once more , I will slap in your face in the way you have not seen it before .|That 's it .
I don 't wanna hear it ! No !|It 's a mercy killing . It 's all right . It 's euthanasia . Euthanasia . We 're all better off .
And after they 'd cooled , they always used to let me take the first bite .|And as the food warmed my belly , that was the only time I forgot who I really was ... a boy who wasn 't wanted by his papa .
Now I bought something for you that it looks so great on you .|It goes with you so much .
Blanche ? Blanche ?|Who is it ?
Hey ! Hey !|Mister !
Mister !|Hey Mister ! Stop your car ! Hey ! Hey ! Stop it !
You have no idea what that witch will make me do to you if she catches us .  I 'm not afraid . You could never hurt me . No , it 's futile .|As long as she holds the dagger , I cannot leave .
Okay .|Okay , okay , okay . You 're going to Yale .
As long as she holds the dagger , I cannot leave .|I 'm not leaving without you . It 's not worth the risk .
Just try .|You just have to believe in us .
This is the grieving widow , Mrs. Blanche Rickey .|Mrs. Rickey , this is Mr. O 'Mara , head of our claims division .
That 's it .|There is no water inside it . Next shifl will bring water . It 's empty
These ooward people put my father in trouble and now they are doing same to me . My father left Tangak because of me , because of Hanieh and my mom . But at this time I came to Tangak by myself and I won 't be stopped at all .|I will stand for it until the end . How dare they underestimate me ? Are they Kufa 's people ?
Just don 't rub the nose .|Don 't rub his nose ?
Don 't rub his nose ?|Very good , doc .
I don 't remember giving permission for guests . It 's for you .  Meat pie ... just like the spinsters used to make when you were a boy .|Can 't stay . Have a lesson to teach .
Len 's not talking . He 's out to lunch . Which is good .|Is this over ? Are we still getting the money ?
What did I do ? Blanche .|I don 't expect bouquets , Blanche , but a little understanding .
Did you see that ? We almost lost Leonard .|Did you see that ?
Did you see that ?|What , it 's my fault ?
Your insides are starting to show .|You 're turning green , dearie .
You 're turning green , dearie .|Envy will do that to you .
Oh , and don 't wait up . This could take a while .|Emma : Have you seen Regina ? Not since the vault . If she doesn 't get here soon , that witch could take it out on all of us . Let 's get everybody out of here before that happens . All right , listen up ! We need you to get back to your homes . Zelena : No one 's going anywhere .
Emma : Have you seen Regina ? Not since the vault . If she doesn 't get here soon , that witch could take it out on all of us . Let 's get everybody out of here before that happens . All right , listen up ! We need you to get back to your homes . Zelena : No one 's going anywhere .|This show needs an audience .
This show needs an audience .|Out of my way , munchkin . I 'm a dwarf . That 's even worse .
It hurts , it hurts . How many times I made a mourning dress for myself|Where did you go ?
Didn 't anyone tell you ? Black is my color . Zelena :  But it looks so much better on me .|I was beginning to think you weren 't going to show up . I couldn 't let my sister off that easily . Oh . So you 've finally accepted me into the family ? I 've accepted that we shared a mother , yes . But I still have one question .
This is Mr. whitcombe . Don 't get up , Mr. whitcombe . Oh , how do you do ? Nice of you to come down . I 'm Wallace , assistant district attorney . Oh , I see you 've identified your secretary . This is shocking , Mr. Wallace . What happened ? She was strangled . Rather an interesting case .|If I can be of any help , any information ... Have you any ? I don 't know . Perhaps it has no bearing , but her husband returned today after an absence of 2 years . I didn 't see him personally , but they told me at the office that he came in this afternoon , extremely agitated , looking for her , insisting on finding her at once .
All right .|After you , sir . Oh , thank you .
I 've been waiting to do that all day .|Rumplestiltskin can 't save you this time .
Okay , now you can hold the light , let 's see , two lights .|Okay . Okay .
Rumplestiltskin can 't save you this time .| Don 't make a sound . Rumplestiltskin 's wasting his time with you . You don 't deserve him . You don 't deserve any of this . Our mother couldn 't see it , and neither can he .
Leonard ? Leonard ? You speak French , Len ? What is that , the authorities ?|Italian ? No .
I hope they don 't ask me too many questions . I get so nervous . This is my third interview . Mine is really a special case . You 're not getting out , and these hearings are just to encourage us . Not one in a hundred gets out . 3 left last week . Well , you 're proving my point . 3 left out of how many ? 2,437 . That was the population as of yesterday , an increase of 314 in the last 6 months . You can 't argue against statistics , my friend . Reconcile yourself . You 're not getting out .|Woman : I 'm going home . The doctors told me I 'm well . My husband 's coming for me today . Nurse : I 'm so glad , Mrs. Miller . I 'm next , I believe . Just wait , Mr. kenet . The doctors will call you .
Can I ? When can I see him ? Right now , Mr. kenet . He 's in there .|No , he isn 't there . This is just a trick , a test to see what I 'd do . He 's in there , Mr. kenet .
Why did you bring him here ? What kind of a place is this anyway ? You can 't push people around like this ! What kind of doctors are you ? !|No . I 'm sorry . I didn 't mean it . It 's just that i ...
Anybody hurt ?|Why don 't we make a deal ? We got gold in here . Capisce gold ? Comprendo gold ?
There is only way you 'll ever get these slippers from me .|You 'll have to kill me .
Well , if I must .|You shouldn 't have taught me all your tricks , Rumple .
Well , you understand . It 's better if I don 't see him .|I wouldn 't know how to explain to him . You see , he 's only 6 . Excuse me , please .
Is something bothering you ? Could it happen in a single second ? What , Mr. kenet ? Could you strangle someone in just one second ?|Boy . Elevator boy . Man : Coming .
You 've made a sale for yourself , doctor . I 'm buying narcosynthesis . I 'm glad , Mr. kenet .|Dr. Langley ? This is Dr. lorrison . Would you please look in on my 2 patients in hydrotherapy ? I 'm tied up this afternoon . Thank you .
What I 'm really asking you , Leonard , are we gonna be together after the concert ? Please , please , let me just hear what 's going on . Leonard , are we gonna go on and do something together or are you going back to her ? Steve , just the way things have been right along . Things are gonna stay the way they are . I look back on this week as a psychotic episode in my life .|Psychotic episode . Psychotic episode . Steve , I 'm envious of the boys . That should be me up there . Was this a psychotic episode ? I mean , I can understand that you enjoy sending the boys to college but how long can that enjoyment last ? I mean , what about tomorrow ?
I understand . I understand , Len . I understand .|Len 's back . Leonard 's back .
What made you change your mind ? The other day I told you the blanks in my memory were an asset . Yes . Today they 're a liability . Why ? Maybe I didn 't kill her . Since yesterday , I 'm not so sure . Well , we 'll try this and see .|Narcosynthesis is really quite simple . Yes , I know . You do ? I 've seen it used . How far under am I going , doctor ? Just below the surface . You 'll remember everything you say . Well , about my loss of memory , that 's only part true . I suspected that . Don 't start at the beginning . I remember getting off the plane , going home , seeing my mother . I remember other things , too , only they 're not important . You can gain a lot of time by starting at 106 maple street . I want to know everything that happened there . That 's where I 'm hazy . What 's 106 maple street ? I 've never heard you mention that before . That 's right . Just go ahead and question me about it . Start there . All right . Now , just relax . Flex your hand , please . Now hold it that way .
I 'm still alive , aren 't I ?|Gold disappeared . We thought that meant ... She defeated me ? Hardly . You won ? Well , don 't act so surprised .
As it turns out , Zelena wanted my heart . It 's a good thing I wasn 't stupid enough to bring it with me . Any idea why she wants it ? Well , she got your courage and wants my heart .|Those are ingredients . For what ? A curse ?
Why , darling , if I 'd have known you were coming , I 'd have flown to San Francisco to meet you .|Oh , no , Steve . You 're wrong . Well , what you 're thinking is wrong . Well , you 've got to let me explain .
Come on . One kiss , hmm ? Let 's get it over with .|I 'll see you in court , Malcolm .
You said that the entire incident ...|All five seconds in the dark ?
All five seconds in the dark ?|Thank you .
Don 't do anything to make me nervous , doctor . Just stay right where you are .|Let 's go back . This doesn 't make sense . It 's too dangerous . I 'll be right behind you just in case you slip .
Miss Bradley !|Blow that one up . No , that one . Blow it up .
What 's that ?|Just that I didn 't always appreciate things .
It 's that simple . I don 't believe you .|You know .
We 've got an innocent client .|This is going to be a ride .
Henry : Thanks , Killian . Maybe we can go out on your boat again sometime . Anytime , lad . Emma : Hey .|How did the Queen fare against the Witch ? She survived , but the rest is definitely more than a doorway conversation .
I looked down at my hands ... saw I was holding the skillet ... the weapon he 'd used to commit murder . And I suddenly thought this was my only way out . So just swung ... twice .|And he dropped .
How did the Queen fare against the Witch ? She survived , but the rest is definitely more than a doorway conversation .|Thanks for taking him . There 's more Bae in your boy than you realize . He needs to know about his father , Emma . You can 't just take him back to New York when this is over and pretend like none of this is real .
Thanks again .|What ? No meat pie ?
I made an appointment by telephone with Dr. dunlap . Willard whitcombe . Oh , yes , sir . He 's expecting you . Through there , first door to the left .|Mr. whitcombe is on his way in .
I heard about Tara . I feel your hurt . What 's most upsetting , Denny , is I don 't hurt . So I don 't have to hug you and tell you I 'm there for you and all that crap ?|Ash ! We can skip it . How 's your trial going ? Mom , I 'm there as a prop . Shirley not giving you enough to do ? Oh , Alan , it 's a dream case . To be able to actually defend a congressman who opposes the ban on assault weapons ? It 's what any lawyer lives for .
She 's clever , Rumple , but so am I. Regina 's heart is somewhere in this town , and it 's only a matter of time before I find it . Whatever twisted curse you have planned , it won 't change anything . If I had to do it all again , I 'd still choose Regina . Would you , now ? Well , I suppose we 'll just have to wait and see .|I 'm afraid I don 't understand . We are doing it all over again .
Ah . You don 't know me , Mr. kenet . I 'm Willard whitcombe . Yes ? You 've been expecting me ? Have I ?|I must apologize for not visiting you sooner . You 've been in here , um , quite a while , in and out .
I wish ... I was never great .|Because ? Because ... I remember .
Because ? Because ... I remember .|When God strips you of your talent ... he should at least have the decency to strip away the memory of having had it .
You showed me my past . Now take me there ... to the moment my mother abandoned me . That 's when it all went wrong . I need to go back and change it . You want to travel back in time ? To change the past ?|What 's so funny ? I 'm afraid that 's impossible . I thought you were The Great And Terrible Oz . Even my power has its limits .
You 're telling me .|Oh ! No ! Don 't hurt me ! Please ! Who are you ? !
My ... my name is Walsh . I ... I 'm ... I 'm just a circus huckster . I 'm a showman . I ... I come from a distant land ... a place called Kansas . You 're not even a wizard ? It 's all part of the act , but what I peddle is real . What you saw there is real . Those slippers took you to the Enchanted Forest , didn 't they ?|I may not have magic , but the things I collect do . That 's why you wanted me to bring you something of Rumplestiltskin 's . So you could carry on this charade . I didn 't mean any harm . I was trying to help us both .
Those are new . She never wore them . Your law career is over , Mr. Wells . All right , look . Let 's tee another approach .|I will beat you up . You think I 'm kidding ? I will smack you around , Reverend . And what makes you think I wouldn 't enjoy that ?
Like what ?|What I need is someone who is willing to do whatever I ask without question .
Like a trained circus animal .|You 're evil .
But of course they are . The thing is I don 't really believe it , Denny . Nor does Denise . And juries can always tell when lawyers are being disingenuous .|We need you to close . Me ?
You 're evil .|Not evil , dear .
We 've got to get you away from here , Ann . Your professional career , everything you 've worked for will be ruined if you 're found here with me . Oh , Steve , don 't you understand ? It doesn 't matter now . Do you remember what you told me tonight ? Well , that 's true for me , too . If whitcombe ... Isn 't guilty , if he doesn 't confess , then there 's nothing . There 's nothing for either one of us .|How about another one , Charlie ? No ... i shouldn 't be here . Oh , I know I shouldn 't be here . Why don 't you throw me out ? Go on , throw me out in the rain . I dare you to throw me out . Ah , you won 't talk , huh ? Well , that 's good enough for me .
Much better . Now , come . If I 'm going to find a way to change the past , I 've got work to do .|Rumplestiltskin : Well done , Regina ! You 've been practicing .
Rumplestiltskin : Well done , Regina ! You 've been practicing .|You 're shaping up to be the best pupil ... I ever had .
I 'm afraid .|Afraid of what ?
One more slap , we can call the whole matter settled .|Sweet .
Steve , we must wait here . There 's no way we can reach whitcombe now . Not " we , " Ann . Me . I 'll get in touch with him some way . Steve , come to my house . We can talk things over there . You could see Richard . I 've had him ever since that first day . The court gave me temporary custody . Mrs. ferguson is my aunt . He 's been with you all this time ? Yes , he has . You know something ? I got to buy a drink for anybody that looks as much like tom conover as you do . Uh , madam , my name is pinky . May I inquire what is yours ? Uh , Betty . Look , can you please stop annoying my wife and me ? We 're busy . All right , all right . Simmer down , friend . Just trying to pour a little of the milk of human kindness . Uh , madam Betty , your very good health .|Thank you .
I certainly hope you 're good .|In 2003 ... we had 16,500 murders in this county . 6,200 went unsolved . On another4 , OOO , we made arrests . The defendants eventually went free . We don 't catch killers in this county . Since 1960 , 200 , OOO murders have gone unsolved . Forget about the ones where we just failed to convict , for 200 , OOO we were baffled . Ask me , we could use a few more vigilantes . Now you swing that skillet at your own risk , I grant you . Kill an innocent person , off to prison you should go . But Catherine Piper didn 't do that . Catherine Piper tried law and order . She was scared for her life . She did fear for the safety of others . And in the heat of that fear , she swung that skillet ... accomplishing in the process something the police couldn 't . She got the bad guy . Now I certainly don 't want ... a society where people start arbitrarily taking the law into their own hands . I know you don 't . But society certainly isn 't safeguarded ... nor is it remotely benefited by putting Catherine Piper in prison .
In 2003 ... we had 16,500 murders in this county . 6,200 went unsolved . On another4 , OOO , we made arrests . The defendants eventually went free . We don 't catch killers in this county . Since 1960 , 200 , OOO murders have gone unsolved . Forget about the ones where we just failed to convict , for 200 , OOO we were baffled . Ask me , we could use a few more vigilantes . Now you swing that skillet at your own risk , I grant you . Kill an innocent person , off to prison you should go . But Catherine Piper didn 't do that . Catherine Piper tried law and order . She was scared for her life . She did fear for the safety of others . And in the heat of that fear , she swung that skillet ... accomplishing in the process something the police couldn 't . She got the bad guy . Now I certainly don 't want ... a society where people start arbitrarily taking the law into their own hands . I know you don 't . But society certainly isn 't safeguarded ... nor is it remotely benefited by putting Catherine Piper in prison .|Unlike the district attorney , I don 't think we 're a county ... inextricably bound up with law and order ... or some national integrity . I like to think we 're a people ... mostly about humanity .
Look familiar ? Yeah .|Being a teenager , it can be rough , I 'm not gonna lie to you . But if you 're a teenager , and the world doesn 't fit you , you 're totally hosed !
Marmaduke !|The little one 's Sarah . How cute is she ? And she 's my biggest fan . You know , it 's important for them to get exercise at this age , so I try to take her for a walk every day .
Not this time ... You don 't grab a tiger by the tail !|Marmaduke ! Someone call the ASPCA ! We got a crazy dog on the loose ! Freedom !
Marmaduke ! Someone call the ASPCA ! We got a crazy dog on the loose ! Freedom !|Hey , Dad . What are you doing ?
How powerful is this lobby ? Senator Kerry , in his bid to get elected president ... was advised that he had to go out and shoot an animal . And to be photographed doing so . He 's a windsurfer , for God 's sake !|Well , enough is enough . It is time to start holding Congress accountable . 30 , OOO deaths by firearms eve year in this county ... and we can 't ban assault weapons ? People need them for personal protection ? To hunt ? And now we actually have legislation pending in Washington ... that will literally shield the gun manufacturers ... from being sued , even for negligence . We can sue doctors big tobacco , asbestos ' . But the gun industry gets its own special legislation ... granting them immunity .
This is our shot . Well , if this is our shot , then we should take it . But you have to tell the kids . Done .|Give me that . Oh ! Whoa , whoa , whoa ! Hey , I wasn 't done with that ! You don 't have to worry , I 've got my supermodel right here . Wow ! Wait for it ... Wait for it ...
First sound of democracy came from a gun like this one . And that 's why ... the ban on assault weapons has been allowed to lapse . It 's all about our basic civil rights . It 's about democracy . It 's about freedom !|Denny Crane .
This is halloran . Give me upstairs . Halloran , Sam . Anything for me ?|Yeah ?
Yeah ?|When ? Ok . We 'll be around . Call you back in an hour . You can relax , Mr. whitcombe . Oh ? They 've caught him ? Yeah , just about . Picked himself up an outfit of clothes and a car at a gas station up near eastbury . Headed for the state line . State cops will pick him up in the morning . Come on , schaeffer . Let 's get back on the job . There 's no hurry , gentlemen . I 'm a terrible host . It 's wet outside , and I haven 't offered you a thing . Oh , that 's all right . Now , how about a little snack ? It won 't take any time to make some coffee . Halloran : No , thanks . Oh , Mr. halloran ? Yes ? You 're still staying around here , aren 't you ? I mean , you 'll let me know when anything develops . Don 't worry . We 're not leaving . Oh , I 'm not worried . Naturally , I 'm interested . To tell you the truth , I 'm sorry for him . The poor demented fellow seems to have nothing to look forward to except a lifetime in a padded cell . He 'd be better off dead . He 'll probably wind up that way . See you later . Yes .
Kenet : Don 't raise your voice . Move away from that door .|The police , they 'll be back . Sure . I 'll call them when I want them . They have orders to shoot . You better give yourself up . I 'll kill you before anyone gets here . There 's nothing they can do to me but send me back to the asylum . The law says I am insane , not responsible . You fixed that . Look . I have an idea . I 'll hide you . I 've got money . My bags are all packed in the bedroom . Take them . You can get out of the country . I 'll keep sending you funds , plenty of money , wherever you go . I 'm a partner in the firm now . I can afford it .
And so , moving day arrived . And there was a feeling of hope and excitement for the whole family . Even Barbara was trying to lend a hand . That 's mine ... Carlos and I would have pitched in , too , but we were being shipped air freight and on lockdown ! Hey , let me out of here . I 'm not an animal !|Oh , yeah , I am . Look what I got . Debbie 's meatballs ! That 's my man , Phil ! There you go . Looking out for his own . I don 't know , Carlos . Something 's fishy here . It 's Debbie 's meatballs , man . Don 't question it ! Oh ! I know I shouldn 't eat it , but I can 't help it . Good boy ! Good boy !
Oh , darling . Thank goodness you 're here . He tried to kill me . I don 't know why he came here . I didn 't even know he was coming home . Darling , he was like a madman . No matter how I tried to talk to him , he wouldn 't listen . He wouldn 't believe anything . He just kept coming toward me . Then he fainted . That 's the only thing that saved me . Would you stop being hysterical , Helen ? But we have to think of something , darling , now , before he comes to . We can 't afford a scandal . It would ruin your chance of a partnership . Oh , there must be some way to keep this quiet for a while . What we need is a little time , enough to get a divorce . We won 't have anything to worry about after you get that partnership . Let Garrison and those old fossils object after we get married . I 'll laugh at them . You 'll be a member of the firm , and it will cost them plenty to buy you out . You are being very hysterical , Helen . Where are you going ? Walking , Helen . I 'm going to take a long walk . When I return , I shall expect to find you and your husband out of here .|You 're not walking out on me . We 're in this together . What you 've worked 20 years for , I 'll smash in 20 minutes . You 'll never get that partnership . He 'll divorce me , all right , and you 'll be named in every newspaper in town . Please , darling , don 't you see , I need you . I 'll be left with nothing . He 'll even take Richard from me . You 've got to think of me . He 's mad , out of his mind . He 'll never listen to reason . How do I know he won 't finish what he started ?
You got a bug up your ass about me ?|Well , let 's get it out right now , right here , you and me .
I 'm not finished with you . Well , I 'm finished with you , and let me tell you what I learned in all my years on the job ... Don 't trust anyone . That includes partners . And especially internal affairs skid marks . I 'll be seeing you , vann .|I tried to keep i.A. Off your back .
Look , uh , the driver was determined to do what he was determined to do . He turned his car into a bomb . Even if you had managed to get him out of it , don 't you think that ultimately he would have found some other way to get the job done ?|Oh , God .
Hey , sorry I 'm late .|You okay ? Look at them . They have no idea .
And this , by far , the nicest bathroom I 've ever had . Speaking of which , a little privacy , please .|Oh , yeah , brown collar . Good , that 'll bring out my eyes . Come on , Phil , let 's go ! Is that weird that your boss wants to meet you at the dog park ? That 's how they roll in Cali . Don 's a bit eccentric , but that 's what makes him so successful . Come on , Phil , shake a leg ! Easy , buddy ! Wait . Pink ? Fuchsia . That 's how they roll in Cali . Come on , we 're burning daylight . Let 's do it ! Don 't worry about me , I 'll just be here unpacking a thousand boxes . Freedom ! I promise I 'll be home early to help ! Let 's go !
Pun intended .|Wow , this is Phil 's office ?
Shit . They ate him already .|Caucasian gentlemen . Big glasses . Oh yeah , didn 't have the heart to put him in there .
Manny , where you at ? You hiding under the bed again ?|Woo ! Manny .
They 're at the front door .|WESTPHAL : Mr. Dubois , this is Dr. Westphal .
No .|Hey ! Hey !
Mr. Dubois ... are you there ? Could you open the door , please ? We 're , uh , kind of racing the clock .|Mrs. Dubois has had direct contact . I need her isolated in a room by herself . The father and the children can be examined together somewhere . Wait a minute . Mrs. Dubois , I need to examine you . I need samples of your blood , your saliva , your hair , and your urine . What are you talking about ? What is going on here ? Why do you need to examine me ? Why do you need to examine my husband and my children ? I promise you I will explain everything to you at the earliest opportunity , but right now I need you to show my colleagues back into your bedroom . Every moment we lose could potentially compromise your health and your family 's health .
Look at that fur !|Right . Take off your shoes and let 's walk . You don 't wear shoes out here ? Come on , Phil . Channel your inner canine . Get some earth between your toes . It 's not the earth I 'm worried about . Stay out of trouble . Good luck , Phil . You 're gonna need it .
Hey ! Hey !|Good afternoon . Out of the car .
Man : You idiot ! Moron !|Well , you left the keys in the ignition .
It 's not happening , is it ? I 'm sorry .|They don 't buy it . They all think it 's a setup . That maybe I 'm working with the government .
We 'll see . Watch out ! Coming through ! Sorry ! Are you okay ? Was that your dog ? I didn 't get a good look . Yeah , I 'm fine . I 'm fine ! It takes a lot more than that ...|Bee ! That dog ! Phil , help ! Phil , get rid of him !
Oh oh ! Oh , man !|Oh ! Oh !
Help me ! Why do bees hate me ? What a gargantuan spaz ! Yeah , but kind of funny .|Hmm .
Wait , don 't go yet . No , I want you to see this . See what ?|Me . Drinking the last of the antiserum . I don 't understand . Why are you doing that ? Well , it 's the only way I can survive .
Me . Drinking the last of the antiserum . I don 't understand . Why are you doing that ? Well , it 's the only way I can survive .|I had to expose myself to the virus in order to infect you . And now that I 'm sure you have it ... Are you serious ? You got about 12 hours , Mitch . Be a good guy . Go out and infect lots of people . Or don 't . As long as they find your body covered with lesions , blood running from your eyes and nose , what do I care ? Do me favor . Close the door on your way out .
All right , let 's do this .|This is real simple . Show ' em the cash , get a time and a place , and you 're back at the hotel giving your speech tomorrow . Uh , quick question . Uh , you can 't just go in there and arrest him because why ? I want his boss and the guns in the same place at the same time . That 's what this dance is all about . Here , now go .
Hey , remember ... Time and a place . A time and a place .|Oh ! Son of a bitch !
Oh , uh , we better not . Little bit of a cold . It 's good to see you again .|Hope you 're feeling better . Oh , physically , much better .
Why would you say that ?|Why would you even think that ?
Sorry , Barb .|Right . Regional market share first ... Yeah , yeah . Come on , Phil , get off the phone . Brian 's going to bed . Night , Dad . Hey , Brian , wait up . Sounds good . We 'll talk tomorrow . Chill , Marmaduke . Great news ! I ran into another dad at the dog park , and guess what he 's in charge of ?
Right . Regional market share first ... Yeah , yeah . Come on , Phil , get off the phone . Brian 's going to bed . Night , Dad . Hey , Brian , wait up . Sounds good . We 'll talk tomorrow . Chill , Marmaduke . Great news ! I ran into another dad at the dog park , and guess what he 's in charge of ?|I signed you up ! Oh . Soccer sounds ... Great , right ?
Let 's just say i was born lucky , okay ? You 're lucky , huh ? And another thing , from now on I only talk to Kane . Look , turk , you know , I ... i can 't just go and tell Kane he should walk away from a deal he already has in place just ' cause some guy that he doesn 't know flashes some cash at me . You understand ?|Keep the money . I don 't care about the money . You think I care about the money ? Don 't care about it . I can get money . Just consider that a good faith deposit . And you tell Kane there 's a lot more where that came from , but only if he stops wasting my time .
So what 's it gonna be , Joey ... Kane ? You 've got it all figured out , haven 't you , agent vann ?|We 'll see . Let 's go . Enjoy your swim , ladies .
We 'll see . Let 's go . Enjoy your swim , ladies .|Tell me you didn 't pee in the pool .
Something special ?|Uh , just things we need to talk about .
Yeah , well ...|Hey , maybe next time I 'm in town I 'll look you up .
Okay , I 'll start .|How is Larry Birkbaum ?
I 'm sorry . I 'm really sorry , guys . My bad . No sweat . I needed to get a Wii , anyway . There goes Giuseppe 's entire social life . That was the only thing I wasn 't afraid of . You know , not that I 'm not having fun , because I totally am , what do you guys think about going to the yacht club party , see what 's up ? Are you crazy ? Or we could just go to the zoo , and jump into the puma cage ! Come on , it 'll be fun ! Question . Are we gonna spend the rest of our lives hiding underneath the porch with the little pups ? Or are we gonna get out in the yard with the big dogs ? But we 're not big dogs , we 're tiny dogs ! That phrase was made for dogs like you ! You do realize it 's Bosco 's party . Yeah , Bosco , Schmosco ! He 's all bark , no bite . Okay . Some dogs just have to learn the hard way . I smell rain , and I did not dress for rain . I 'm telling you guys , without fur , it 's like tiny bullets from the sky .|It 's him ! Who is that ? Chupadogra .
Ah ! Oh ! Move in now , go ! Go ! Go !|Oh ! Ah ! Oh ! Oh !
Right through , please , sir . You 're fine . Sir , right through . Uh .|Um , sir , could you come with me , please ?
I hated ... I really hated keeping something from you .|Also ...
Ferdinand is fluent in six languages , including gopher .|And I 'm the reigning SoCal surf champ . Are you good at anything ? Huh ?
This way .|You carry a lot of batteries . Why all the power ? We 've got eight electric motors in the lab for when we 're in harbour which means we can 't use the engines to supply the juice for them . Then there 's the central heating , hot water and the electric winches .
Okay , you win .|But I still want the knee .
Come on , baby , are you gonna spend time with them or with me ?|It 's a party , let 's have fun !
Wait , what time is it ? Oh , man , Phil 's gonna get up soon . I got to go ! I 'll see you later !|You 're welcome .
I just made it .|I am beat . I am so tired .
Especially at sea . Especially before breakfast .|Help !
Let me help .|You took a great risk coming here , my dear . I had nothing to lose .
This place is paradise .|Yo , Ben ?
You took a great risk coming here , my dear . I had nothing to lose .|We 've still got a lot to lose .
I got an idea . I say we roll a call into that P.I ... Chuck Urmas ... have him stake out Gavin Buckley 's place for us . The guy 's gotta go home at some point .|You all right ?
Okay ... Listen up , Barkanova . If it were me , I 'd want him to take me to the junkyard . It 's really romantic there at night . There 'd be a blanket with some treats spread out , music from an old car radio playing softly . Yeah , and lots of great old stuff to pee on , right ? Oh ! You 've got so much to learn . Here 's the deal . Girls want romance . You know ? Mystery .|Wow .
Are you sure it 's Loch Huron ? Du Skea . Must be by process of elimination . The castle 's a natural base . Someone radioed that I was in the helicopter . If there 's more intimidation , it fits in with the Kirkside situation . The daughter 's attitude . Ah , we 've got company .|They 're coming for me .
They 're coming for me .|Open the wheelhouse door , keep it back on the latch . Take the wheel . When I shout , turn it about , then cut the engine .
Look out . He 's going to ram us !|Down !
So what did he want ? 'Cause we can 't afford to hire an accountant . You know that , right ? Oh , relax . I didn 't commit to anything . He was offering , you know , one of those free consultations .|You didn 't get anything for yourself ? Naw , I 'm not hungry .
Fall out of your helicopter ? Yeah . Cheers .|Sorry about being so informal . Think nothing of it . But next time bring a woman .
Look at that boat .|It 's coming here .
Mr. Lermontov , I don 't know the first thing about acting . It 's not about knowing . It 's about doing . It 's about ... it 's about feeling . Can you feel , Inez ? What do you mean , like cry or laugh ? Yeah , that 's part of it . What I 'm talking about is nakedness .|Can you get naked for me ?
I was beaten .|Maybe you bruise easily .
What I want from you is emotional nakedness .|Emotional truth .
Maybe you bruise easily .|Then you 'd better be very gentle with me in bed . I will . I 'll even take my boots off . I still haven 't worked you out yet and I don 't trust you one bloody inch . Anyway , just for the record .
Competition 's starting . Beat it , Hasselhoff .|Dad , what are you doing ? You 're way too young , and I 'm way too busy to talk about this right now .
Dad , what are you doing ? You 're way too young , and I 'm way too busy to talk about this right now .|And , just put some clothes on . Can I get you anything , Deb ?
Then you 'd better be very gentle with me in bed . I will . I 'll even take my boots off . I still haven 't worked you out yet and I don 't trust you one bloody inch . Anyway , just for the record .|You 've been a long time at sea , haven 't you ?
What are you doing here ? Strangely enough , I 'm one of the good guys . Which means I 'm on the side of law and order and I haven 't much time . Right ? I want some answers and I want some help . No . Please . You mustn 't do anything . You mustn 't . There are prisoners here , aren 't there ? Hostages . Aren 't there ? ! They 'll be in danger if you do anything . They 'll be in a bloody sight more if I don 't . Things are going to happen tonight . I 'm here to get these people away . Your brother and boyfriend .|MacDonald 's sons . Anyone else ? Some fishermen and the woman . What woman ? Lady Skouras .
Hey , Marmaduke , can you keep a secret ?|Probably .
Okay , then I 'll ... Be outside if you need me .|You are emotional nakedness , baby . James ! Warren oates or Harry Dean Stanton ?
Is it loaded ?|Yeah . It sure is .
Happy thoughts , happy thoughts . I 'm running through a meadow . I 'm peeing on everything . You don 't stand a chance , Shamu . I own these waves . Good luck to you , too . It 's okay , Marmaduke . Nothing bad 's gonna happen . Something bad 's gonna happen , Phil . Payback 's gonna hurt . Okay , stay . It 's okay . Ladies and gentlemen , take a look , on the horizon , a massive , rogue wave approaches ! You got to be kidding ! Time to dazzle . It 's all you , buddy . Phil ! No , no , what are you doing ? Phil , help me . Phil , no ! Good luck ! Somebody get me off this thing ! What am I doing ? Out of my way , poser ! Look out ! I 've got the right of way ! Oh , boy ! Look out ! Phil , help me ! Look at this ! It 's Marmaduke ! Look at the perfect position here , Marmaduke in the barrel . Yeah ! Get me off this thing ! Help ! Marmy don 't surf ! He doesn 't look like he 's gonna make it . Where is he ? I don 't know .|Oh , man , I 'm gonna die ! No , you 're not . Get a hold of yourself ! Grip it and rip it ! Geronimo !
There he is !|Take a look at this ! He throws a big air ! What a crazy dog !
Yeah !|Oh , a cruise to the Bahamas ? I can 't even tell you how that sounds . Believe me , you 'd love it . I haven 't had a chance to do much traveling . En it 's time you did . Oh , ma 'am , could I interest you in signing a petition in support of Byzantium ? It 's Seth Blanchard 's city for the homeless .
Look out ! Look out !|And the Duke shreds ! This dog rules ! Marmaduke ! You did it , buddy ! Oh ! Get me out of here ! That 's my dog ! Get this seaweed off me ! It burns ! It burns ! Debbie , help !
Steady .|Take the weight . Bring it up . Careful !
Mom , you 're gone when I wake up and I figure you 're at the store . Where the hell are you ? Call me back . Let me know you 're okay .|Mom , your food 's sitting here . It 's getting ice cold . Call me back .
Whoa , whoa ! Get back here , you poser ! I don 't even like surfing ! Stop running , you coward . I 'm gonna make you pay . I am gonna make you pay !|Come on , Duke , you can take him . This ends right here , right now . You know what ? You 're right , Bosco . This does end here .
Don 't move ! You 're covered on all sides !|Put down those guns !
Ow ! My leg 's cramping ! Ow ! Ow ! Time out , time out ! No , bad dog !|Heel .
I wonder if she knows she 's a widow . Excuse me .|Ah , there you are .
What are you doing ?|You don 't think you 're going anywhere , do you ?
Come on , folks , I 'm so sorry . Come on . Come this way .|Hey , what 's the new surf champ doing out here all alone ? Hey . I 'm just kind of here , taking a break from the old family . Well , I guess some people just can 't handle it when you 're top dog . Really ?
Come with me . I want to show you something .|I knew it . I knew something was wrong with the guy . Kenny , you 're not going to blame yourself for this .
You do keep rather bad company .|I was only being a loyal wife .
What are you doing here ? ! I made a miraculous recovery .|A beautiful night , huh ?
A beautiful night , huh ?|I thought you said you wanted to introduce me to some movie stars . And I 'm a man of my word . Come on .
And now you 're going to be a loyal widow .|Then I can make a new start in life .
Then I can make a new start in life .|Perhaps with you and ... And what ? Some of that gold down there .
Oh ...|Pump your fists triumphantly , and say it to the world , " I 'm top dog ! " Rubber bone ! I 'm top dog ! Bone ! Give me !
Pump your fists triumphantly , and say it to the world , " I 'm top dog ! " Rubber bone ! I 'm top dog ! Bone ! Give me !|I thought you said he 'd be here . He said he might stop by after the pedigree party , but he didn 't promise anything .
I thought you said he 'd be here . He said he might stop by after the pedigree party , but he didn 't promise anything .|How much farther ? Just keep coming . Keep coming , we 're almost there .
Ew .|CALI : You ready for this , guys ?
Wow .|Oh , wow . This is insane .
Just read what it says ... out loud . You already read it yourself . Just fucking read what it says , Anthony .|" Dear Ben , you are cordially invited to a wake in honor of Cassie Cendars who the fuck is Malcolm Sloan and why the hell is he having a wake for my daughter , Anthony ?
Ah .|Nice .
It 's so romantic ! I couldn 't think of another girl I 'd rather share it with . It 's so creative , too . Tell me , how did you ever think of this ? It 's just the kind of guy I am . I 'm a Great Dane . We sat at the foot of kings !|Listen , I just wanted to say something . I wanted to say ...
Listen , I just wanted to say something . I wanted to say ...|My bad . I slipped off the seat . That 's okay , Thunder . He 's so funny . I wanted to say hanging out with you these last few weeks , which in dog years feels like months , it 's like the first time in my life I feel like I really belong . Yeah ! I 'm having a great time , too .
We trusted him . A mean opportunist . A scoundrel . But we should expel ourselves too .|For stupidity . We cannot just discuss Horrath . Remember what conditions prevailed when he came .
Sit ! Yes , ma 'am . Yes , ma 'am .|Hey , Mazie ! What 's up ? You don 't give a steaming pile about us anymore , so cut the act , all right ? We took you in . We were your friends . And you just sit over here and act like we 're dirt . What 'd they put in your kibble this morning ? You took her on my dream date . Dream date ? What is she talking about ? How do you think that makes me feel ?
You guys want to go for a ride ? Dude , we 're wasted . I 'm not crashing one of these cars . I didn 't say these cars .|Oh , my God , oh , my God !
You 're a big hit , Marmaduke ! Hey , is it just me , or is it getting a little out of hand ? Everyone 's having fun , loosen up !|Yeah ! Of course , of course ! No , no , you 're right . Forget what I said .
Why is everyone always having more fun than us ? Because they 're not afraid to live ? And we suck at swimming ?|Great ! Okay , now I 'm catching a cold . Come on , let 's go .
Hey , dude , get out of the trash ! Do I know you from somewhere ? Me ? Nope . Never seen you before . You sure ? That tail looks painful . Of course I 'm sure , man . I 've never even been to a dog park . Oops .|It 's so soothing ! Gordie , no ! No , not on Debbie 's rug ! Whoa , whoa ! No , no ! Hey ! Not on the couch ! You raised in a barn ?
It 's this family I used to babysit for . They 're , like , super loaded , obviously . They go away every year for Christmas for , like , two months .|Are you fucking kidding me , Cali ?
This is your last warning . Get out ! When the little duckies Start to swim away , away , away Oh , it 's best to leave them be|Come out at once . Forthey 'll be back again
Are you fucking kidding me , Cali ?|We have been drinking all of their liquor and we 're wearing all of their clothes . And we broke into their house . Guys , whatever . It 's not a big deal . They 're super mellow . We 'll just put everything back when we 're done . No way . We 're leaving right now .
He ... his neck .|What happened ?
Sometimes I think it 's all getting too much for me .|That will be the new power station .
Jezebel ! He 's a liar . Come on , let 's go . Hey , Bosco , wait up !|Jezebel , wait ! I ...
Jezebel , wait ! I ...|I thought you were different .
No idea .|One moment . We 'll help .
The PETCO pitch .|Oh , Marmaduke .
She can share my bed anytime .|It 's the Middle Ages . Highway robbers .
Look , I 'm not gonna defend this idea . It 's a shitty thing to do . It 's the worst thing in the fucking world . We 'll never forget it , we 'll never live it down , and it 's gonna follow us the rest of our lives . But we don 't have any other move . It 's either this or jail .|I can 't . It 's not ... It 's not right . Right . It 's not right . I don 't even know what that means . This is a matter of life and death for us , okay ? And not just our lives , our parents , our families .
You think your dad is gonna get reelected after this ?|His career is over , and you know it .
If we go the other way , we take everyone else down with us .|Okay . We 'll say that we came in . I knew the house from babysitting . We were bored . We knew it would be empty . We came in , drank a little bit , played around . All harmless stuff . Then that guy , I guess , saw lights from the street . Or maybe he was following us all night ... doesn 't matter . We didn 't know his motives . But he came inside , and he saw us . And he , like , flew into a horny rage or whatever , and he tried to rape one of us . But then they struggled and pushed back , and he fell down the stairs , broke his neck , like what really happened . No blood on our hands . Right ?
Are you okay ? I 'm more than all right .|Sorry to bother you . Hey , what 's a dog like you doing out here , anyways ? You 're no stray . I ran away from home .
All right .|So what do we do ? Well , he was trying to rape you , so maybe he ripped your shirt .
So what do we do ? Well , he was trying to rape you , so maybe he ripped your shirt .|Okay . Should I just do it ? Yeah .
And I will wrap it around his fingers .|Okay , um ...
Barb , I read the text . And ...|Is that really how you feel ?
Looks good . Yeah .|You ready ?
And , one ... Hey , blondie . Come on . Try it out with me .|Just for a bit of fun . Maybe you 'll win .
You ready ?|I ... I just ...
But we 're so close .|We 're almost finished .
Marmaduke ! Marmaduke ! The side gate 's open . You didn 't let him back in last night ? No . That 's what I 've been saying . He 'll be back , right ?|He could get hit by a car . Honey , anything could happen because we don 't know how long he 's been gone . I just wanted him to sleep in the backyard , I didn 't want him to run away . God ! I got this presentation .
Was that your normal introduction ?|At least I 'm not barefoot with pantyhose in my hand .
Okay .|Thank you .
Just go . We 'll find him . You put her in the car seat , and you get Marmaduke 's leash , okay ? Wait .|We 'll all go find him . Now you 're talking , amigo .
And we 're to stop building ? I 've seen enough in two days to last me ayear .|Do me a favor . Give me the plans for the cooling plant .
Oh , my God . You were just standing there . You didn 't do anything . He was just laying there , and he was just completely dead . I didn 't know what to do . You looked so scared .|Oh , God . Oh , God . Oh , God . Okay .
I can 't feel my legs .|Um ... you fell down the stairs .
Please , I don 't know what this is . I need an ambulance right now . I ... can 't wait .|Who are you ?
They 're still on your first reprimand .|Don 't take your reprimand to heart . It can happen to anyone . GDR anniversary bonus proposals .
Mazie ! No ! What ? Mazie ! Marmaduke ! No , no , don 't let me fall ! Marmaduke ! Come on , let 's go ! Come on , buddy ! Marmaduke , where are you ? Somebody , help ! Mazie ! No ! Marmaduke ! Mazie ! Mazie ! Hey , Marmaduke , come on , let 's go ! Stay back . Phil , help me ! Get away from me ! Hey , stay back !|Geronimo ! Marmaduke , no !
This year the incentive award goes to colleague Klaus Bernhard .|This will put hair on your chest . Here 's to our bonus .
That 's my dog . That 's my dog in there !|Look , that was my dog . Can somebody help me ? Can you please help me get him out of there ? There 's a catch basin about two blocks down . We need a water rescue , over . Help !
I won 't tell what happened here .|I 'll never tell a soul .
On my word .|Wait , please , please , please , please . You can 't leave me here .
Wait , please , please , please , please . You can 't leave me here .|Let 's just do it . Let 's go and hope he doesn 't say anything . What , are you fucking kidding me ? We have no reason to trust him . He 's seen our faces . And he knows what you were doing . He saw you with his hand . How the hell didn 't you see he was awake ? I don 't know . He ... He wasn 't moving .
Stop , don 't get your hands dirty . Now it 's getting lively .|Fight like men or all your wives are widows !
What are we gonna do ? Just hold on . I 'm gonna figure this out .|Anything ? Wait , wait , I think I hear someone . Down here !
Ifyou don 't lie low there 'll be a serious accident . Trying to make me a wallflower ?|Take a seat ifyou can find one .
Take a seat ifyou can find one .|You dance well . I 'm surprised .
Please .|He 's still alive .
We 're not gonna give up . Where does this go ? The aqueduct , it 's just down there .|Go with him . Go .
Marmaduke ! Phil , help ! Get me . Phil !|Marmaduke !
Ifyou think the waywe get material is anarchistic , then it 's up to you to change things , not us .|We have to accept the fact that material runs out sometimes .
Marmaduke ! I 'm right here , buddy . Grab here , Phil ! Grab on to this .|Phil ! Phil , where are you ? Phil ! Phil ! Phil !
They soon get the message . We need men like Balla . They need convincing .|They must believe . Be sure of the cause .
They must believe . Be sure of the cause .|We must show them we 're honest .
Marmaduke ! Right here , come on ! I can 't ... I 'm too scared . Right here . Come on .|Oh , no !
Oh , no !|How did it come to this , Phil ? It started with a bath , and now look at us . We can do this .
How did it come to this , Phil ? It started with a bath , and now look at us . We can do this .|I 'm not gonna let you go . I can 't do it .
You got to let me go .|I won 't tell a soul .
I won 't tell a soul .|I swear to fucking God !
I swear to fucking God !|BEN : Holly !
BEN : Holly !|Don 't , don 't , don 't . Shh . Shh . Shh . I need you to be quiet , okay ? I want to help you , but I ... You just need to be quiet , okay ?  Okay .
You 're a good liar . I 'm good at anything I want . This is one of the ugliest rooms I ever saw .|I like it . Myfirst apartment .
Yes , that 's true .|Wait and see what happens now .
What about my examinations ?|We 've alreadywaited so long . A few months more won 't hurt .
Wait a moment . The builders tease her at work .|Balla has grown fond of her . Maybe he doesn 't know she 's engaged . I 'll see to it .
I 'm done pretending to be a top dog .|A real top dog looks out for his family . And you are my family . That 's it , I can 't stand it anymore . I 'm gonna give him the tongue .
I 'm sorry . I 'm fed up with this hiding game .|Yes . Did you speak to your wife ?
They 're just some kids I met at the skate park . They 're pretty cool . Hey , boys ! Hi . Sup ?|Hey , Barbara ! Hey , what 's Hasselhoff doing here ? Bodie ? You came . Yeah , I came as soon as I got your text message . Is everybody okay ? Yeah , everything 's much better now . Those were some pretty sick moves , Mr. Winslow .
Thank you , Bodie . No worries , Phil . It 's Mr. Winslow .|Yes , sir .
You little shit .|He said he 's not gonna tell anyone . What are you , fucking stupid ? You actually trust him ? After that shit he just pulled ? No . He is just trying to save his own ass .
He said he 's not gonna tell anyone . What are you , fucking stupid ? You actually trust him ? After that shit he just pulled ? No . He is just trying to save his own ass .|We have to do something . Cali , we 're talking about killing someone . CALI : We thought he was dead , Holly . We all thought he was dead . We thought we killed him . So what 's the difference ?
Looks like the family landed on their feet . There 's just one more thing I got to take care of .|Check it out . Here goes nothing . What the heck is he doing ? Is he crazy ? Fight ! Fight ! Fight !
I can 't ... I can 't believe we were just at your house .|Now ...
Have theyforced you ?|A new situation . Constructive talks . The ministry is in favor of it . It 's no longer one man 's pipe dream . We 'll be a great research team . Your plans will be invaluable to us .
We shall now discuss Horrath 's expulsion from the Party .|One moment . I 'd like to hear Balla first . It 's time well spent .
One moment . I 'd like to hear Balla first . It 's time well spent .|One moment , Kati . Please enter , Balla .
MEL : What was it like ?|What ?
Know who 's sitting out there ? Your dainty boss .|Not alone .
He 's really dead , isn 't he ?|I 'm sorry , Holly . I can 't ... I can 't throw it all away .
Friends ! Nobodywants to break the ice ?|Don 't let us down . If I speak I 'll tear him to shreds . Is that what you want ?
Where are you going this time ?|In London . I 'll be back in two days .
Thanks . You saved my skin .|Listen , Blondie . I can do your sort of night work as well as you any day .
Okay .|It must fit perfectly . The shopgirI tried it on .
No , no , no , no , no , no , no .|Cali , don 't .
What ? She was bad .|She was gonna kill me .
Do you have a light ?|I don 't smoke .
Well , neither one of us have to go to jail , Mel .|It was Cali 's fault .
Just shows Germany can 't be divided .|Sometimes I 'm sorryfor him .
It was Cali 's fault .|She brought us here , she killed him , and now she 's gone . And that 's the justice here . That 's what 's right .
What for ? For nothing . They all trample on him . They 're all against him . But he gets his way .|Know why ? He has an ideal . I know all about that .
I once had an ideal .|Every bullet I spent was for Germany .
The penthouse in Manhattan . I spent a great deal of effort renovating that apart ... It 's yours .|Our yacht , The Lady Evelyn ... yours again . In fact , this all seems acceptable . Agreed .
Our yacht , The Lady Evelyn ... yours again . In fact , this all seems acceptable . Agreed .|Agreed . Agreed . I know it 's not on the list , but I also want the Manet . The Manet or the Monet ? Both . Agreed . What the hell are you doing ? She means , " Thank you . " Yeah .
Agreed . Agreed . I know it 's not on the list , but I also want the Manet . The Manet or the Monet ? Both . Agreed . What the hell are you doing ? She means , " Thank you . " Yeah .|I 'll have the final documents drawn up immediately . Wonderful . See ?
No , we weren 't compatible .|My name is Maurice .
Nice place , isolated .|Ideal for what we 're about to do .
Adrian , you have been fighting this divorce for months , and suddenly you 're just giving up ? It 's time for me to move on , just as you moved on with Reverend Hamilton .|Yes . Yes , we are very happy , but I don 't understand . What turned you around ? Evelyn ! Oh , dear . This must be a little bit awkward for you . Awkward ? Why would it be awkward ? I haven 't had the chance to give her the news . Oh , let me tell her .
We 'll get frostbitten asses . I once knew a guy ... Shut your mouth . Put a sock in it .|Slave driver . Tell us the truth .
Oh , just my cousin .|Anyway , let 's get back to work . You know , actually , I thought we 'd take a little bit of a break , maybe have a little wine .
Nowyou keep your solemn vow to me , little boss .|I 'll meet you at five . Wearyour Sunday best .
Oh , but shouldn 't we keep rehearsing for my big screen test ? Come on . You 've got to loosen up . You do want the part , don 't you ?|Genevieve Delatour for Dr. Selevan . I 'm a bit early . Oh , may I offer you a beverage while you wait ? We have sparkling water , champagne . Champagne ? Oh , I 'm so happy I changed therapists . Yes , please .
I always get here early just for the bubbly . Got to love Beverly Hills . My waxer offers complimentary Vicodin .|So , what are you in for ?
I want a big story . Like the one you 're working on .|Ask the boss .
A schnapps . And then a second one . And a beer to wet your drywhistle .|Then a few rounds . A tablefuI of schnapps waiting to be downed .
Instead , why don 't we discuss it privately , tonight ? Because I don 't like the ladies on top . Come on , let 's go .|The sixth homicide among homosexuals in two months . All unresolved .
Before you know it , you 're to the gills .|I 'll give you one thing . You always give a correct answer .
Then tell me what 's wrong with you , Horrath .|What sort are you ? A guywho stands up for his actions ?
Here it is ... the guest list from the night of Peri 's party . Thank God you saved this . What are all the sad faces ? Peri wanted me to keep track of anyone who didn 't bring a gift so she knew who to publicly shame .|There 's his name ... Hugh Metzger . He was at the party . Which means he could have murdered Peri . I told you .
Of course . He is a man of influence . What do you mean ? I don 't understand . Of course I 'm alone .|How is the weather in London ?
Werner , listen . I 'm pregnant .|I had to report it to the clinic . AII I could conceal was the father 's identity .
Okay , the house is all clear , but Spence may try to make contact . Spence didn 't kill Peri .|But I know who did . Really ? It was Hugh Metzger , the director . He drugged Peri and raped her .
Put yourselves in my situation . The clinic criticized me for working a pregnant woman at night .|I was amazed . Kati refused to discuss it with me . She accused me of stealing Hesselbart 's plans .
I was amazed . Kati refused to discuss it with me . She accused me of stealing Hesselbart 's plans .|You 're saying she criticized you about Hesselbart .
Your proposition interests me . Fru Fru . How big is yours ? Where do you usually go ? Do you do filthy things in the park ? So did Edoardo Giorni , but he was punished .|Hello ?
Please , be careful .|You too .
That 's blackmail . It might appear so now but things were tough then .|I 'd just started as Horrath 's deputy .
Like the one last night .|You 're paying for action , or for a chat ? Do you know someone named Maurice , his car is a Golf . How much will you give me to take you to him ?
Imagine what things were like . We had to implement socialist morals .|A Party leader gets pregnant . No one knew bywhom .
Over the years , I have heard rumors about Mr. Metzger taking advantage of women . So , you believe me ? Look , Rosie , even if he is a rapist , it doesn 't mean he 's a murderer . Please . Spence didn 't do this . Then why is he on the run ?|Flowers for Peter Hudson . Yeah , just put them anywhere .
Wait . What 's all this ?|I didn 't know what kind of flowers you liked , so I got them all . You snuck into my office ? It was the only way I could talk to you .
Was there anything else ? I just wish we could go back to the way things were .|Me too .
Stanislav !|Where are you ?
Oh , for God 's sake .|Hello ?
What if theyfind out before you 're divorced ?|They 'll start an investigation . I 'll be dismissed as an immoral element .
Kyle ?|Oh , my God . Spence !
Your name is " Kill Face " ?|It suits you . Where 'd you even get that ? Supply run . She a hostage ? She 's cute . No , no , no . She 's a friend . She might tell the cops about us . I won 't tell anyone . And you cannot be seen outside , so let me go , and I can bring you back some food and soap .
Now I must get back to work . Bye darling .|Marco , remember I can 't just be your best friend . I 'm a magistrate too .
We 're nearly there . I don 't want you to leave Schkona just because of me .|I 'll keep quiet as long as need be . Goodbye . Bye .
The train arriving on track one is the Berlin Express from Erfurt .|Mind the doors , please .
Your pal has a reputation of being a very strict magistrate .|You know him well , is that true ?
Theytook me by surprise . There 's only one thing we can do . Tell them the whole truth .|No . I refuse to be exposed . Now to the second item . A discussion with Kathrin Klee .
And he took away from me many . I only managed to keep one of those , and I married her .|Is that all ?
But I wanted to see you to tell you ... it 's over between us . It 's been over for 20 years . Not for me .|I 've been carrying a torch for you all this time .
Do you really want to throw away another one ?|Thankfully , Peri didn 't tell the police ... what I did to her . You mean drugging her ? Raping her ?
Oh , my God .|Hugh Metzger had a heart attack ? Yes , so we untied him , called the paramedics , and ran . Why didn 't you report it to the police ? He killed Peri . I think he 's protecting the real killer . He said something about a woman . Rosie !
Hey . How are you doing ?|Okay .
The demon of perversion is like a maelstorm that drags you into the abyss .|You like Baudelaire ?
Okay .|But I realized How awful I 've been to you , so I brought you this to say I 'm sorry . Aww . That 's so s ... Hey . This is my bracelet . The point is that you were there for me when I needed you . I care about you ... a lot . I could tell . You got pretty crazy with Hugh . Well , nobody messes with Carmen Luna .
Werner , say something !|Kati ...
Kati ...|It 's your affair ... Please ... Tell the truth .
But I realized How awful I 've been to you , so I brought you this to say I 'm sorry . Aww . That 's so s ... Hey . This is my bracelet . The point is that you were there for me when I needed you . I care about you ... a lot . I could tell . You got pretty crazy with Hugh . Well , nobody messes with Carmen Luna .|Or her daughter .
Just a real relationship .|That sounds really nice .
Ask her in .|She 's gone . We 'll wait for her . Comrades . I want to make a personal statement .
Undisciplined 90 awaits you at the cinema gattacicova with magazine in hand .|Ok . Fru Fru .
Of course it is . Unfortunately , you and I have yet to sign the divorce documents , so , sadly , there can be no wedding today . Oh , darn . But now that I think of it , I have the divorce documents right inside . We just need to sign them .|That is wonderful . If only it were that simple . The documents have to be signed in front of a notary public . Judge Winslow is on the guest list . If we catch him as the party 's starting , he can make it official .
Excellent idea ... because I really want to marry Gail . Good ... because it is really happening .|... not even cute at all ... How 's it going with Peri 's video ? Learn anything ? Just that Peri loves to talk about herself . It 's nine hours long . What could she possibly talk about for nine hours ? Mm . So , now it 's sophomore year , and my roommate is this awful girl named Tamar . She snores like an animal , but of course I can 't say anything because she 's in a wheelchair . Oh , boy . Maybe just scroll forward until she gets emotional ?
I know you . You 're the one that was robbed at the park the night of the murder .|What will you do for me if I tell you where the one that robbed you is ?
Is she crying ? This could be it .|I was terrified that Spence would find out the baby wasn 't his .
Well , the strangest thing happened .|Hugh 's daughter showed up with an offer .
It 's worse . You can only help ifyou let me go .|You young guys . Always readywith slogans . But when things get tough ...
I haven 't informed the police yet . But I can always do it if you don 't cooperate .|This is my number .
It is an impertinence to put personal problems before higher priorities .|I 'm sorry . Saywhyyou need to leave Schkona and I 'II let you go .
I brought you the books you wanted .|Listen , I know you were pretending to be asleep .
Hugh 's daughter really wanted to protect him .|Maybe that 's the woman Hugh was talking about . Well , he 's a public figure . Shouldn 't be that hard to figure out who his daughter is . Can you imagine finding out your father raped somebody and covering it up for him ? She must be evil . Oh , she 's evil , all right .
Why didn 't I notice ?|I really don 't know .
I really don 't know .|Time for lunch . Get the girl here this afternoon .
Go to the park and wait .|Marina !
Officials say there are no new leads in the search for escaped inmates Spence Westmore and Stewart " Kill Face " Pearlman . Zoila !|Yes , Fiona ? That 's the man I saw , the one on the left . I thought he was the neighbor . Peri Westmore 's murderer is hiding next door . No , that 's crazy . I know what I saw . I 'm ringing the police . Fetch my mobile .
Theytreat you like dirt . I have to look on . Are you spying on me , too ?|No . I want to know what guywould act like this .
No . I want to know what guywould act like this .|But , Balla , what makes you think I 'd fall for a rogue anyway ?
Yes , Fiona ? That 's the man I saw , the one on the left . I thought he was the neighbor . Peri Westmore 's murderer is hiding next door . No , that 's crazy . I know what I saw . I 'm ringing the police . Fetch my mobile .|Zoila , my phone ... now .
Zoila , my phone ... now .|Hand it over this instant .
There are too many coincidences .|Commissioner ! We found this in the victim 's pocket .
What ?|Ok , I 'm coming .
Well , I must say , I feel an indescribable sense of relief .|I didn 't enjoy a single day of our marriage . Please ! If anyone was miserable , I can assure you it was I. On three distinct occasions , I considered suffocating you with a pillow . It 's a shame you didn 't . I lay awake most nights praying for death . Dear God , I despise you . And I you .
I can 't talk with a drywhistle .|I only had time for four . You came before the fifth .
Right , right .|Please leave us . Me and the commissioner have work to do .
Lenin said a long time ago ... before a large audience ...|What 's funny ? Lenin was a wise guy .
Adrian ?|No , he 's not .
You had to stop her , Or your family would be ruined .|What are you doing ? !
By the time I 'd finished it was more like Waterloo .|The ministers were sore . I never knew we had so many .
Listen . A chaste woman can speak her mind . But an easy lay like you !|Watch your mouth .
The next morning , Spence found her body , and the police blamed him . They never thought to look anywhere else .|Well , did I get it right ?
All right , take her away .|Rosie , thank you so much for your help . I 'm sorry I didn 't believe you sooner . I 'm just glad Spence can finally come home .
Who says so ? Jansen ? Ifyou can 't understand you 'd better look for a newjob .|I 'm trying to avoid that .
And you don 't deserve it .|Sometimes I wonder how it would be if you had stayed with me .
I know that you had a talk with my mother . You told her about a young man .|May I have a cigarette ?
Yes , yes , he did . I was a hostage . He shot you when you tried to get away from him . Rosie , I witnessed it all . Are we buying this ?|He 's been through enough . Take off the cuffs . We have to get him to the hospital . Not without my wife .
You can tell me . You know you can tell me everything .|We were in love once .
At least you still have the Reverend Hamilton . He dumped me . It 's for the best . He 's a wonderful man . It never would have worked .|Well , I 'm not involved with anyone , and you 're not , either .
Why did you turn on him three months later ?|I don 't remember . It 's too long ago .
And then he 's hard to please .|I vouch for him .
But we signed the divorce papers . We can tear those up . So , where does that leave us ?|Are we married or not ?
I had my mind on mywork . I neglected my personal affairs .|I guess I used mywork as a means of escape .
That 's wonderful , Rosie .|Give Spence my love . Okay , bye .
Peter .|What are you doing here ? Well , I saw you on the news when Gail Fleming was arrested . Oh . Figured it was the universe giving me a kick in the pants . What ? I 've been acting like a big baby .
Miss Klee . You have some visitors .|There you are .
There you are .|Just a few minutes , gentlemen .
Following the strangulation , the student experiences some form of an apparent death that corresponds to the fourth plane of yoga , and to the condition beyond awareness and sleep and the most interesting thing for us common mortals is that in that moment we experience the greatest pleasure .|Isn 't that so my young friend ?
Our little princess is back with the seven devils .|I don 't understand .
I don 't understand .|I can 't stay here . I have to return to the cooling plant .
I do object to the idea . I organize who works where . Organize more material . And stop bullying Kati .|That is an outrageous remark .
Oh , Peter .|Oh !
Oh , I 'm so , so happy !|Wait . Your key .
Cute dress . Ooh , I 'm totally gonna borrow that .|Zoila , this is Lori ... my date .
Zoila , this is Lori ... my date .|Your date ?
I 've always been unlucky in love , so maybe , after five husbands , what I need is a wife .|Have fun . Daddy ! We missed you ! Ohh ! Easy , chiquitos . Your daddy 's still healing . Oh , no , that 's okay . I really missed you guys , too , but I promise I am back now for good .
I knew I 'd find you here .|Do you really suspect me ?
Is it one of the boys ? Miguel ? Tucker ?|I 've been waiting to tell you till you got home .
In Edoardo Giorni 's house , the police found a cigar like this one .|But he didn 't smoke cigars .
What ?|Tucker 's gonna be a big brother .
Andrea wait .|You must tell me everything you know .
Tucker 's gonna be a big brother .|Miguel , too . You 're pregnant ?
We got three shifts on seven projects . There 's not enough material . No cash for wages .|You say get it elsewhere . The accountants are hounding me .
Why did it work at the waterworks ? You did Trutmann 's work .|So do it again . Trutmann 's worn down five Party Secretaries .
What the hell ?|Where 'd she go ?
" I 'm sorry " ?|Marisol got cold feet ? I thought she was happy with Peter .
Why didn 't you wake me ?|Because this is interesting .
And thus he forced them to support him in various illegal business deals of his .|He was also using Andrea .
He was also using Andrea .|What can you tell me about Andrea ? He was the lover of a man that Edoardo had introduced him to .
I never found out who he was .|Here , they 're the keyes to his house .
What if they make it outside the wire ?|This is Lydecker . I want you to capture if you can . But if any of them make it to the perimeter , you are to terminate . ls that understood ? Confirming , sir . You are giving an order at 10 : 06 . It 's my responsibility . Shoot them .
He gave them to me .|Strange , perhaps he was sensing that he was going to die .
In our newspaper . Guess who wrote it .|Horrath ! Listen to what the paper says . " Bad organization methods in Schkona . " By Kathrin Klee .
Hannes , wood has arrived . So what ? What about tomorrow ? Next week ? Back to work . Jochmann . How long were we together ? We don 't want to let you down but a strike 's not correct nowadays .|Come on , Hannes . There 's absolutely no point .
U ... N ... D ... who knows what he was trying to tell me .|Stop . Go back .
Coming soon , Marco Antoneli 's report on the shady nightlife of a big city .|Dangerous habits , blackmail , murders . Who 's behind all that ? Someone above suspicion ?
Dangerous habits , blackmail , murders . Who 's behind all that ? Someone above suspicion ?|Continuing our interrupted discussion . I want to feel like a woman .
I 'm a lousy tactician who needs a push into action .|Your truth for the readers . A round of drinks for the mourners .
Stop !|Why ?
I don 't know how to break this to you , Normal . We 're all looking for another job .|Morning , sunshine . Caught some son of a bitch stealing my bike . Used a carjack to break my U lock and bent a bunch of spokes . Now I gotta get my wheel laced . At least he didn 't swing with your ride . True . But I broke a nail giving ' him a cranium crack . And that just wrecks your day . You know what I 'm sayin ' ?
Now why can 't I find a girlfriend like that ? Brings him lunch . Thoughtful . Sweet .|Legs from here to there . Straight . Shame , wasting ' a girl like that on a male . Hey , Sketch .
You killed Edoardo Giorni .|He was blackmailing me . I couldn 't stand it anymore . He wanted me to cover up some shady business contracts of his . So I thought I 'd make it look like a random murder among homosexuals .
But I gotta do what I gotta do .|We 'll do somethin ' special .
Come on , Elbers . Drink up . You never were much of a guy , Bolbig . Nowyou 're just a pathetic troublemaker .|So that 's it . Another Balla . A Knight 's Cross holder turns ass kisser .
Nick , go and get the police .|Have you heard howyour friend Elbers is doing ?
Have you heard howyour friend Elbers is doing ?|He 's not too good . No one 's allowed to see him .
You know , it was me who saved you from the fire .|You 're my best friend Marco .
You 're my best friend Marco .|But I can still kill you . You loved Andrea and you killed him . I 'm your best friend and you want to kill me .
But I can still kill you . You loved Andrea and you killed him . I 'm your best friend and you want to kill me .|Who 's next ? Adria ? She too is someone you love .
If you wanna be rich , listen to the bitch . Give Mommy the cheddar . I 'll make your life better .|Touch the boot , get dropped wet . Original Cindy don 't feature that .
I 'll have a beer , since you 're buyin ' . I wasn 't .|How ya doin ' , Max ? You mean until you showed up ? You 're not still pissed off ? Cos you nailed her girlfriend . Now who would be pissed off about that ? You know why I went after Justine ? She was there ? Tryin ' to have a relationship with you is like bein ' in a fog bank . You 're in the middle of somethin ' , except you have absolutely no idea where you are .
One dayyou 'll reach the point where no one judges your intentions but the consequences .|Not what you intended to achieve . But what you achieved . Mark mywords . Investigations , analysis , on we go . Everything hunky dorey again .
How ya doin ' , Max ? You mean until you showed up ? You 're not still pissed off ? Cos you nailed her girlfriend . Now who would be pissed off about that ? You know why I went after Justine ? She was there ? Tryin ' to have a relationship with you is like bein ' in a fog bank . You 're in the middle of somethin ' , except you have absolutely no idea where you are .|And when the fog lifted , there was Darren , with his head under Justine 's skirt .
And when the fog lifted , there was Darren , with his head under Justine 's skirt .|Could we have a moment ?
Her light is on .|Kati , are you asleep ?
Please , Kati .|Can I take a message perhaps ?
Will you ever forgive me , Iris ?|It is unforgivable . He lied .
I 'm sorry , Mrs. Schicketanz .|Do you reallythink someone who was in your condition as you described it can just carry on ?
Do you reallythink someone who was in your condition as you described it can just carry on ?|I see that I made mistakes . I love myjob , I 've been on sites since I quit school .
She was innocent .|She was mine . She was .
Just cos you 're a little ... Foggy . More like a mystery . Which isn 't bad . It 's just mysterious . I gotta go . Where ?|It 's a secret .
Now , let 's see . Mm . I got a hit on that car .|I got an ' 03 Tahoe , blue , Wyoming tags , AGT349 . It wasn 't easy . You were off on one of the numbers .
Who 's this guy ? This isn 't who we 're lookin ' for . Her name was Hannah . He got the car in trade for an old pickup and some food . Got no bill of sale or nothin ' . It was right after The Pulse , so the DMV records were wiped out . But managed to find the guy . Six hours on the phone . Say thank you .|Thank you . He didn 't remember her name , but she fits the description that you gave like a glove . Get in .
Hurry . Come on .|He made the trade in Gillette , Wyoming , in the fall of ' 09 . But nothing on Hannah ? A nuclear air burst wipes out all computer records east of the Rockies , and you want me to find a woman that you met when you were nine . Maybe you could give me something more on her , some detail . Anything .
David Greenberg and Uri Ohali present : " Iris "|With Gideon Shemer
How is a person to know the truth if he has lived for manyyears with petty lies and excuses ? Today he wanted to be honest .|Honesty deserves a second chance .
You 're a thief ? A girl 's gotta make a living . Thank God . First time I ever heard that one .|I was expecting someone else . I guess it wasn 't the pizza delivery guy . We 're just a little tense right now .
Let me keep it .|She takes my pens . She 's a nice kid . Resembles your son .
You have good taste . French , 1920s .|Attributed to Chitarus . Whoever that is .
I know more than you think . I know you love the girl . I know you got rid of Trutmann . Nobody else was capable .|But I don 't know how you can live like this .
I became a member of the Party in 1950 .|I had very little experience of life .
Mishori ? It 's Tamara speaking .|I have news .
I have news .|Maybe , at long last , I 'll become a grandmother .
If something needed fixing , we fixed it by resolution .|If a married man fell in love again or cheated on his wife , both were immoral lifestyles .
The truth is that we 've been wanting to divorce for a long time , but there was the business with my mother .|You know . My mother is sick . It 's her heart . If we would 've told her that we 're divorcing we might as well have been putting poison in her tea . But we came up with an arrangement .
You noticed any trespassers around here ?|Gosh . No .
You know , an arrangement . What kind of an arrangement ?|We decided not to tell her that we 're divorcing .
We decided not to tell her that we 're divorcing .|Every three weeks we will come for a visit. as though we 're still married . Look , there 's an old man shining his shoes , in his underwear . Just keep on going , you know , until ...
I got frightened . Frightened of losing myjob .|But then Trutmann would still be here .
But then Trutmann would still be here .|The power plant wouldn 't get built . The cooling plant wouldn 't be ready . And so on . Can you understand me ? Yes . And what will you do about Kati ?
The power plant wouldn 't get built . The cooling plant wouldn 't be ready . And so on . Can you understand me ? Yes . And what will you do about Kati ?|She dropped me .
Hi . Hey . Come on , move it .|I know what I got , Max .
I know what I got , Max .|They put me back on that drug they 're giving the other vets , only the guy that does those cable hacks says this stuff 's no good . Don 't believe everything ' on TV . What if he 's on the level ? The dealio on Eyes Only , he 's probably some wack rich dude sittin in a trick apartment , bored stupid . So he gets off scaring ' the crap out of folks like you and me .
Is he serious ? Are you hungry ? I 'll fix us something .|Marianne .
A treat within a treat .|And this is an interesting object , only recently arrived , with the most fascinating outlines .
I don 't know it yet .|Another time , baby .
Nothin ' .|What ? I need your help , Max .
I 'm a toy to her .|In case you haven 't noticed , I 'm not the kind of guy who gets to be a toy very often . How about never ? I guess it kinda went to my head .
May I interrupt for a moment ?|I looked for Kati all over . I found this on my desk .
I made a terrible mistake , one that I will never , ever make again . Natalie and I are soul mates . The thought of losing her has made me understand that . What is it you want me to do ? Pickup : 411 Montgomery goin ' to 85 Mather . All right , man .|I 'm looking for a young lady who works here . Ladies would be elsewhere .
I 'm looking for a young lady who works here . Ladies would be elsewhere .|Look , pal , she may be easy on the eyes , but she 's trouble .
She got so involved in her work I thought she was okay .|We 'll keep the lid on this . I 'll deal with it .
We all realize by now this no longer concerns just Horrath .|The girl must get her life back together again .
The girl must get her life back together again .|Balla . You went to Berlin with her . Hesselbart sent us to the institute . To look over some plant .
So this guy walks into the bar and says ...|We didn 't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night . Original Cindy , say hi to my good friend . Logan Cale .
Take your books and your jar and get out of here . I don 't want to see you in this apartment again .|I don 't have any luck whatsoever .
We didn 't get a chance to finish our conversation the other night . Original Cindy , say hi to my good friend . Logan Cale .|Hi .
You know that right here , one floor down , there 's this neighbor , the kids call her Aunt Sarah .|She 's so scared of thieves that at night she sleeps in the corridor .
That was an extraordinary display of athleticism the other night . You wanna tell me how you ... ?|So we 're straight on how this is goin ' down ? You set up on Lydia when she 's on her way to your apartment , and I pretend to be Natalie . Who is where , by the way ? Visiting her mother .
Bet you didn 't know your boyfriend found a little pain exciting . Well , he didn 't either . At first .|Calvin told me I could expect a visit from you .
That 's a long time . Ifyou 're looking forward to something .|Ifyou are afraid also . Terrified .
That would not be inappropriate . How am I supposed to sleep there again , knowing some stranger 's probably touched everything I own ? Well , if you 're that nervous , you 're welcome to stay here .|Whoa , Tex . We 've been through this . It 's OK , Peter . This is a tactical exposure , which I go on record as not liking . Noted . Peter , do me a favour and look in on Lauren and Sophy .
How is Kati making out ? She 's no better off than you are .|Given up shaving ?
Send me the bill for this , by the way .|Look , if I made you nervous , or uncomfortable , or creeped you out ... Yes , on all counts .
Yoram is the best person for this job .|I wouldn 't dream of pushing him out . Not even for a minute .
You can 't put your foot in it for everytriviality .|I sent the engineers back to their desks .
Balla in Party Headquarters ? I 'm delighted .|You might not be for long . You 've come to smooth things over ? The incident with Bleibtreu ? Not at all .
Slowly , towards me .|The knees , like that .
Yes .|Jansen has told me to report to him . Me , too .
What happened ? Walked in on some hump ransackin ' the place . Disgruntled former client ? Who knows ?|As long as you 're all right .
A clever and responsible person has shown that he is immature in certain aspects .|He paid his price . That could be the end of it . If it weren 't for Kati Klee and what he did to her .
What did the doctor say ? Don 't be shy , Yoelic told me everything .|I don 't understand you two .
Oh , my God .|Oh , Theo .
I want a grandchild .|What 's wrong ?
I knew what we know now . The machinery was already here .|Will you tell me where you been ? Liar ! As I 'm sick !
You can take her back now to your rooftop apartment , that is if she can climb up to the fifth floor .|Wait for me .
Wait for me .|" Grant true rest upon the wings of the Divine Presence . "
Nurses beat me to it .|Take a header into the deep end when the pool 's empty , you 're gonna go splat . Law of gravity .
Take a header into the deep end when the pool 's empty , you 're gonna go splat . Law of gravity .|And even Jesus Christ himself had to obey the law of gravity .
And even Jesus Christ himself had to obey the law of gravity .|For a while anyway .
So I will .|The shooter who tried to finish off Logan works for Sonrisa . Surprise , surprise . Bruno Anselmo , born in 1990 , served in Iraq , dishonorable discharge . Convicted of armed robbery , assault , assault with a deadly weapon , arson , attempted rape . Your basic Renaissance dirtbag . What can we do ? This isn 't my regular line of work . I 'm making it up as I go .
The shooter who tried to finish off Logan works for Sonrisa . Surprise , surprise . Bruno Anselmo , born in 1990 , served in Iraq , dishonorable discharge . Convicted of armed robbery , assault , assault with a deadly weapon , arson , attempted rape . Your basic Renaissance dirtbag . What can we do ? This isn 't my regular line of work . I 'm making it up as I go .|Mayor Steckler to see Mr Sonrisa .
It 's not what it looks like .|I 'm diabetic .
Spin !|Sorry for being late .
Please , no cockroaches .|Visitors , just like that , for no reason ?
The only thing better than four queens ... is five .|Come over here next to me . For luck .
That 's right , Yoel . But this time it 's serious .|If you 're ready we can start next week .
I can see to it your winning streak continues . I 'll bet you can .|Sit . Not right now . Not right now ? OK . When ?
He spoke to Mobile was too abstract . It is in a morgue of Collins . Talk to her .|For the girl ?
After you get a new personality and lose about 20 years .|Quite a mouth on a girl so young .
You know that she 's dying to play Ophelia .|Actually , under any pillow she ever put her head on you 'll find a copy of Hamlet . Even an entire public library wouldn 't have enough copies .
You are on satellite ?|Jake ... I 'll telephone .
Give us a minute .|Now .
Come .|Television has not changed ...
Pull the cash .|So ...
So ...|How do you get this woman to come to me ?
You will do routine questions . First you have to find ?|The victim bore some unexplained scars ?
She 's gonna wanna know her little girl 's all right . She 's got my word . She 's gonna wanna hear for herself . We gotta keep the momentum up , not give her a chance to over think things . If she hears her kid 's voice ...|Hello ? Hang on , Lauren . We 're conferencing in Sophy .
I am sure you understand .|Find the phone .
It 's dangerous , Yoel .|More dangerous for you than for her .
" He has a bald pate that shines like a chandelier , " His roaming hands are everywhere , " Too bad he has no money , " Too bad he has no money .|" He has a bald pate that shines like a chandelier , " His roaming hands are everywhere , " Too bad he has money , " Too bad he has money . "
How do you know it was my wife ?|She had a familial look . The kind of look my mother had before my father ran away . Look , I may be young , but I 'm no fool .
She had a familial look . The kind of look my mother had before my father ran away . Look , I may be young , but I 'm no fool .|Tell me , did you love Shula ?
Tell me , did you love Shula ?|What kind of a question is that ?
There 's nothing to be afraid of . Everything 's gonna be OK . I love y ...|Can you put that in a bag or something ? No , no , no .
Fine . Here it is : " Iris loves Yoel .|" But Yoel is not here . "
Colonel Weston . You requested map extraterrestrial life . 4 weeks ago , I located anomaly in the infrared waves .|Usual , but this time , the incidence was 980 nanometers .
The man was right . You are a liability .|You can 't blame him , the way you 're taking care of business . Or should I say not taking care of it ? What the hell are you talkin ' about ? I 'm hired to do a piece of work . My mark goes down and stays down . Yours makes it to the hospital . You gotta finish the job , only you don 't , and the cops get it all on videotape . That 's a lotta crap !
Move aside . I 'm taking care of it .|That 's it . We 're done .
Sit here . Like that .|Plug in the iron , and don 't let anyone in .
Plug in the iron , and don 't let anyone in .|Hand me a towel . In the meantime you could go to the barber and get a shave .
 Seven , eight ...|Wanna continue ? OK .
At least do something . Better than you do . Mandy , I do not freak out .|Stop the car !
Go ! Go !|Ah , jeez ! He 's a wuss . A waste of pantyhose .
I must have made a mistake . Right , Buma ?|Come on . Come on out . Let 's both get out of here .
You wouldn 't understand . Anyways , I have an appointment at the hairdresser 's . What 's that ? What 's wrong with this family ? They all seem to spend their lives at hairdressers . I think you would look better with your hair loose .|I forgot what their names are , but I promise you an introduction the minute I remember them again . Oh , they 're sweet . Look at me , what a mess .
Put it in the gun cabinet .|In the glove box .
Since when does this bed stand here ? It didn 't use to be here .|It 's been there for ages .
I 'll make sure his family gets this .| 47 people paying 20,000 each to be smuggled into Canada so they could earn enough money to eat ... are dead . They were marched overboard by their handlers , who operate with the knowledge and active collaboration of government officials only too happy to look the other way for a piece of the action . This must never happen again . Those responsible are on notice .
Get From the vehicle !|Last warning ! Get From the vehicle immediately !
Last warning ! Get From the vehicle immediately !|Writers , get in the car !
Writers , get in the car !|Go ! Sanidose it , X pump !
You know , sometimes I wonder , what kind of a woman are you ?|I have a feeling that the little rabbi could see straight through you from the very first moment .
I 'm sorry .|This is for you .
Open it .|Turned up on the black market , somehow .
I believe men should marry the women who love them .|This business with Mirah 'le really messed you up , didn 't it ?
You know , people refer to us as the ' strong sex ' , but it 's a fallacy .|Women are much stronger .
Women are much stronger .|We may be more cynical , but then , you leave a woman and you 're sure she 'll be back the following morning , at most she 'll cry , and in the worst case her tears will stain the pillowcase of some progressive farmer , one who believes in Zionism , in the brotherhood of men and in socialism .
It 's Zack .|I knew it . I always knew Zack was out there somewhere .
You have to say much you two .|The robots are coordinated with machine remote control .
Where 's my money ? What do you mean ? It was in the case .|Hey .
You know what , I think you shouldn 't cut your hair short .|I can 't stand girls with short hair .
Along comes this young lady , who asks him to help her find a bunch of kids with bar codes on their necks . Please don 't hurt me , Mr Lydecker .|How are the nails ? No ! Mr Lydecker ... Looks like they 're growing back fine . See ? I told you .
I have to go .|She disappeared .
She disappeared .|Only then did I realize that I didn 't know where she lives .
I would peel every inch of skin from your body if it would bring me one heartbeat closer to her .|I know she 's out there .
Eventually she 'll have to come up for air .|And when she does ...
Do you see her often ? I saw her at the cemetery . She asked about you a lot .|You know what , it 's not part of our agreement , but if you were more considerate you would have come too . I didn 't mean the old lady . I 'm talking about Iris .
We must go to the tower and to block the signal .|You will not catch a word !
All your girlfriends have children , in the day care , at school , and you ?|Suddenly I realized that your old lady was right .
Hey there . We are talking , bitch .|Hang on to your drinks !
Here . Thanks . Oh . I gotta blaze . But I thought you ... It 's been real fun . Maybe we can kick it sometime . Later .|It was all just a strange and beautiful dream .
Do not come to the tower !|Get AP 'TON tower now !
Get AP 'TON tower now !|Writers , to see ! Go !
Your heart beats like a clock .|Like a watch or like a wall clock ?
Like a watch or like a wall clock ?|Like the clock on a clock tower .
Jake , if m 'akous , to find Mandy .|Keep an eye on .
Don 't ever try to be like anyone else .|Nothing in the whole wide world is as charming as you are .
Yoelic told me that you decided to stop modeling .|That 's excellent . It 's very good .
Max , do you have any idea what you 're doing ? You are going to march out there right now and tell Eric it would be best if he went home . On second thought , you 're not leaving this room .|So , what , am I gonna stay here all night ?
Models , you know , think only of their figures .|But figures don 't last .
In thought his son . He wanted the best for you .|Sorry I did not come to see where I went .
Yes , my child , these things disappear with the years .|Time stops for no one .
Hey . Another run to 46 Euclid .|The righteous man does not tolerate the wickedness of Babylon . The downpressor will be punished for his abomination . I will not dirty my hands with that package . Herbal , I don 't understand a word you say . I do . You 're an idiot .
Only one thing has the power to help .|A child .
I remember when Yoelic was born .|I stopped counting my birthdays .
I said to my men to remain motionless and ran home .|'Acted very quickly . It was an ambush .
No . I don 't think we 'll ever have a son .|Shulinka , what are you saying ? Don 't give up . There are all kinds of new methods available now . You will find something .
Shulinka , what are you saying ? Don 't give up . There are all kinds of new methods available now . You will find something .|I can 't go on . I can 't go on like this . We are divorced . We haven 't been together for a long time now . We are divorced !
Get in . Hurry . Come on . Hannah ? Her last name is Sukova . The age is right . Her description fits . But Sedro 's been shut down for years , and whether she picked you up that night or still lives there , who knows ? How far away is Sedro Island ? 80 miles , maybe .|Logan , you 're awesome . Thank you .
Logan , you 're awesome . Thank you .|There 's no guarantee . How many Hannahs in the world ? How many Hannahs at the air base ? That I know of ? One . Then it 's gotta be her . Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Hey ! Let 's assume you make it past the sector police without a pass and get out of the city . A fair assumption . Lydecker was set up on Vogelsang . Yeah . So he knows about Hannah . Then she can be in trouble , and I put her there . I 've gotta find her . You wanna find the other ones like you ? You wanna find Zack ? I can help you but they 're part of a puzzle that needs to be put together . Hannah 's one piece . You go after her now , before we know the bigger picture , you risk blowing everything . I guess I 'm no better at being patient than you are .
We will have a child , Mother , do you hear me ? We are married . We will have a child . Isn 't that right , doctor ?|You have to leave now . I hope her situation will improve . It 's shock , that 's all . We will have a child , mother . Do you hear me ? Mother , we are married . We will have a child .
Sorry .|Please bring in your translations next week .
Now you know it wasn 't an accident and I 'm being thrown off the paper . Fine .|But when they told you about it they forgot to mention one thing .
Can I help you ? You probably don 't remember me . It was a long time ago . I 'm sorry ? I 'm the girl you found on the road that night .|Come in .
You know the routine : flowers , thorns , under the bed , over the bed , cats , roofs .|Didn 't she tell you that she just moved to a new place ?
Didn 't she tell you that she just moved to a new place ?|And Haim 'ke , your good friend .
It 's all right . You 'll be safe here .|It 's Hannah . I need to see you . Yeah . Now . I have a friend who needs a place to stay for a couple of days . No , she 's just a kid , but she 's ... got problems at home . She needs to find somewhere ... safe .
She told me things about you , Yoel . Things I wouldn 't care to repeat . She told me she now understands why your wife had to run away from you . That you don 't really want anything from her , or that you can 't . Can 't what ? You know that her parents separated . Since then she takes her revenge on men by getting them in bed .|I feel bad for her . She could 've been okay .
Lucy comes to help take care of ' Amy .|The ' Amy was my classmate . How ? Great . If physicians not had a pacemaker put would not be with us to see the end of the world .
But I feel worse for you .|Someone who still wants to hold hands , sing old songs .
Look , I 'll explain everything when I see you . Great . Thanks . Bye .|I 'd never been in a house before . All any of us knew were the barracks . Your house was so warm and small and comfortable . I should have stayed with you , but I had to go , make arrangements to get you away . I knew they 'd be looking for you . You didn 't come back . They sealed off the area . Pulled me over , searched , ordered me to wait in my car for hours . When I got home , you were gone .
Count to three . Ready ?|On three ? Or as you say three ? 1.2 and after I take . Okay ? Ready ? One ... Two ...
That 's what I told you before and after you got married , and before and after you got divorced and that 's what I 'm telling you now .|Women are all the same .
Three ...|Quits ! Almost came out , Joe !
What ? You are so beautiful .|It 's in the genes .
It 's in the genes .|Look at the time . I 'm gonna be late for work . I 'm gonna call and tell them I won 't be in this morning . It 'll give you and I a chance to talk .
Do courage , Joe . We will tie .|We will stop bleeding .
Can you tell me anything about her ? Anything ?|The TAC leaders never told us about where we came from . It was more like we came from each other ... inspired teamwork . It wasn 't until I escaped that I found out about parents and babies and all .
The TAC leaders never told us about where we came from . It was more like we came from each other ... inspired teamwork . It wasn 't until I escaped that I found out about parents and babies and all .|I always wondered about her . My mother ... who she was , what she was like .
Now I know . Just another girl looking to get paid .|But it 's all good . I turned out all right with my strange little life .
" The winds blow on the raging stream , " Carrying my days upon its wings ... " Yitzhak ! Yitzhak !|Move ! Move ! Let me through .
The aliens attack of defense .|The Alien attack without challenge ... Cold .
Someone has to take him . Rami , give me the keys . I 'll take him . What are you talking about , Bonnie ? Where are you going to take him ? No way , Bonnie . This is your wedding and we won 't let you . That 's right . It 's my wedding and it 's my responsibility . No guest of mine is driving to any hospital . That 's all . Come on , you 're nuts . Really .|How come you don 't have a license ? That 's strange , isn 't it ? What 's so strange ? I don 't have a license . Why is that strange ? Next week is my driver 's test . Why didn 't you say so ? Good luck to you .
We are destroying .|Mayor !
Control , this is Delta 2 . We have the suspects . Over . I 'm sorry . It 's not your fault .|Delta 2 , good work . Bring them to the rally point . All units to the rally point . Over .
Anat ! It 's so nice of you to come .|What nice flowers .
Is it right ... If you get out alive in this invasion all the natural resources disappear .|You have a plan ?
Max !|Max ?
We are seven . More , it attracted attention .|We 'll go on foot . Low and fast . We will be together .
Yitzhak , where are you going ? Good luck , Yitzhak . Good luck . Everything will be okay , Mom . It 'll be okay . We 'll meet by Dad .|Make a right .
Max ?|Hey .
More From the hill is the freeway 405 . Then , the Kaskeints .|Continue . Joe , you can walk ? Well I am .
Pass him !|Pass him ! Pass him ! What are you waiting for ?
Hands off the steering wheel !|What are you doing ? ! Do you want to kill me ? !
I thought if I came a bit late , he would understand . Or maybe Mom would catch on and prepare him .|You know , I also get nervous over every little thing and I also cry at the drop of a pin from every little thing . I always cry at movies . I could cry at a " Coming Soon " for a movie . It just shows sensitivity , that 's all . Yeah , but it 's hard . What can I say ?
You know , I also get nervous over every little thing and I also cry at the drop of a pin from every little thing . I always cry at movies . I could cry at a " Coming Soon " for a movie . It just shows sensitivity , that 's all . Yeah , but it 's hard . What can I say ?|True , it 's harder for sensitive people . Nothing you can do about it .
All I know ...|They fight to death or destroy themselves .
Thanks for this . Happy to help .|Have you ever been up on the Space Needle ? No . And it 's not on my list of things to do . How come ? Actually , I 've always been scared of heights .
Here you go . To get you started . Checkpoint pass and some money .|I can 't take this . Yeah , you can . Where did you get all this ? A friend .
I can 't take this . Yeah , you can . Where did you get all this ? A friend .|Thank you . What about you ? It 's not safe for you . I can take care of myself . Plus there 's someone around here who needs me .
Haven 't you every tried to treat it ? Because it 's really too bad if you say you 're a good driver . What could I treat ? You mean the tears ? Yes . Maybe there 's a treatment .|I don 't think so .
Thank you . What about you ? It 's not safe for you . I can take care of myself . Plus there 's someone around here who needs me .|Good luck . Max ... There 's something I didn 't tell you . I didn 't wanna get into it because the more we talked , the harder it was to go through with what I had to do . It 's about your mother . I did know her . She wasn 't like the others . Seven months into her pregnancy she tried to escape . She didn 't wanna give you up . When she was full term they had to strap her down when they induced .
If you go , we have hope .|If you blow up the factory , might have a chance .
What was her name ? I don 't know .|How old was she ?
Why ? Because I wasn 't expecting it . So ? I wasn 't expecting it , and I think I also didn 't want it to happen . I don 't want you to have any thoughts or anything . And if I have thoughts ? What then ? Then , I don 't want you to have them . Not about me .|" From Beit Alpha to Nahalal . " Oh , say , what did the night murmur ? Silence in Israel ... " Yitzhak ! " Sleep , 0 ' valley ... " What are you doing ? Nothing . Just arranging the amplifiers . Listen . Come here . Come here .
" From Beit Alpha to Nahalal . " Oh , say , what did the night murmur ? Silence in Israel ... " Yitzhak ! " Sleep , 0 ' valley ... " What are you doing ? Nothing . Just arranging the amplifiers . Listen . Come here . Come here .|Listen to what I was thinking . I noticed that lots of people don 't know or remember the words , and it bothers them . I thought maybe it 's time to make slides of the words and show them while Anat sings . What do you think ?
Listen to what I was thinking . I noticed that lots of people don 't know or remember the words , and it bothers them . I thought maybe it 's time to make slides of the words and show them while Anat sings . What do you think ?|That 's a great idea .
The victory was our price .|The destruction of the plant released toxic gases .
Here .|He 's perfectly fine
I 'm Jake Van Paimpergk , Commander human resistance .|This message is addressed All the survivors .
This message is addressed All the survivors .|'Wherever you are , I ask to join with me ... Us .
Thank you . See you .|Who was that ? Eli . You 're already lifting things ? You 're going to kill me . Shifra , it 's just stands . Don 't get carried away .
We lost the battle for our planet .|But I assure you , the war has not ended yet .
But I assure you , the war has not ended yet .|We got a gun not .
This time , I want to help him a bit myself . I already have a plan . This time , he 'll pass . This time , he 'll pass like the devil . It 's part of my plan .|I forget on purpose .
Hi , forgotten your key ?|Hello .
But we all have our secrets .|And back to the parents ' house , again . The secret 's out .
Yakov , stop letting him drive . He doesn 't have a license .|" My lover comes . My lover . My lover goes . My lover goes .
" My lover comes . My lover . My lover goes . My lover goes .|" Silence in the garden ... My lover comes with ...
Come and help me . I 'm dreadfully busy .|Help me move this .
How do you unfold it ?|Wait ...
Damn it .|Granny .
Are you kidding ? Is this like , a jealous joke ? Yeah . Gotcha .|I love you . Yeah . I 'm a little sweaty though , so ... Right .
Well , that wasn 't part of the game plan . I 'm not complaining .|Leaving so soon ? I feel used . Aren 't we needy ? I 'm just going to the bathroom . Well , then you won 't need this . Maybe I 'm shy ? You weren 't so shy five minutes ago .
I am not used to it .|Can I speak to the boss ?
Don 't run into anything .|Excuse me , having an emergency ? Something like that . Hello , to you , too . Miss me already ? I can 't .
Right .|Good morning .
Hey ! Stop shouting . You 're ruining my eardrum .|It 's such a beautiful song . It 's a shame .
Help me !|This is particularly noteworthy .
He can 't . Thanks . He can 't . It 's his heart . I have a problem with my heart . Let 's pack up and leave . No packing . Stay here and wait . I 'll call you afterwards .|Nice kid . I wanted to ask , as a sergeant , 12 years in the army , once I am discharged ...
Here I marked the article by Professor Scott of Newcastle .|But this is the most interesting ! The Fall Point Computer Conference had a paper on our problem ... by Shmyglevski of the Moscow Academy of Sciences . So Moscow is working on our problem too . These problems are common for the whole world . Let me see .
What the hell is going on ? He was here . In this house . In my parents ' house . Creepy . Good thing they 're not here . He didn 't know that . I came home , and this was open to our wedding day , he burned a cigarette in my face . I 'm gonna stay here with you tonight . You don 't have to do that ... No , things are really rough with Ryan and I right now . Is it okay if I spend the night with you ?|Like old times . Yeah .
If I take a partner , then Tomer seems right for me .|We 'll have a few cars , with mobile phones , you know .
Clearly , I will not be applying to be a barista .|Staff meeting 's in five . Are you coming ?
So ?|So what ? Say something ! Am I talking to myself ? I don 't understand .
Darcy ? Darcy ? It 's okay , it 's just us . Darcy , are you okay ? No , no , no . We 're getting up and going to breakfast . Go get in the shower .|Shower , now . You stink . Rude ! And you 're gonna cry ? Like a baby , baby Cry Like a newborn child ...
Can 't you talk and drive at the same time ? Can 't you ? Because if you can 't maybe you don 't deserve to get a license .|Answer me already ! Look at me ! Look at me ! Why are you yelling at me like that ? You think you 're getting me nervous ? Is that your method ? Watch out !
No . Packet soups save the cook 's time .|They are appetizing and fast to prepare ...
They are appetizing and fast to prepare ...|Polythene udders .
Polythene udders .|Can 't you switch it off ? Do we have to watch ?
You don 't look good . You look cheap .|Fuck you . You don 't get to talk to me like that , I 'm just trying to have a life . Okay , you know , you act really righteous for someone who just lost their job over donuts .
No , stop !|Why did you stop us ?
Why ? Millions will see the film and it could help you in some way .|What would I say ?
What would I say ?|Tell us about your plans , your goals or something . Where 's the camera ?
Yakov ! Yitzhak ! Come and eat .|Eli called again . I told you . Zadok from " Wheels " and that guy from " Volcani . " He said he has a group of fruit growers from Spain .
Eli called again . I told you . Zadok from " Wheels " and that guy from " Volcani . " He said he has a group of fruit growers from Spain .|Next week , you have Ronen 's bar mitzvah . Ronen ? Who is Ronen ? Ronen . Avraham and Miri 's kid here from the moshav . Remember ?
I got magic You got talent ...|We can take over the world in a second ...
Thank you , Doctor .|Written me a note , have you ?
We can take over the world in a second ...|You drive . By all means , honk . Alert the entire neighborhood . Covert operation in progress . Yeah , yeah , yeah .
I had a brewery barrel on the Odra , spent all my holidays in it . Nobody minded . Then came the notification to remove it . Did my barrel pollute the environment ? You asked us last time .|I 'll ask away till Kingdom come . It did not pollute the environment ! Did you have a toilet inside ? So you did pollute the environment . Back to our subject , please .
Rushing through the trees You 're every breath that I breathe ...|Available to you Till now , it was never real ...
Here 's to spilt beer .|Keep walking when you lose hope ... Keep walking stand up ...
You know why I pulled you over ?|You were swerving slightly . Really ?
And , turn around and walk back .|Stand with your feet together . Lift your right foot .
Feet back together . Now , tilt your head back , close your eyes , touch your nose with your right index finger .|Ma 'am , that 's not your index finger . Okay , quite frankly , I 'm feeling slightly harassed . I attempt to keep some drunk citizens off the street , and this is how I get repaid , perhaps I should have just let them mow down a couple pedestrians .
Look , he 's bringing the cash . It 's not like that .|He 'll take care of everything that has to do with food ... I don 't know . I think it 's best when it 's just the two of us . A team . You know better than me it 's risky to get too big .
He 'll take care of everything that has to do with food ... I don 't know . I think it 's best when it 's just the two of us . A team . You know better than me it 's risky to get too big .|So how much did you eat today ? Tell me the truth .
I need a shoe cleaner , stat !|Where are you at ?
She should just give it up . Blood doesn 't come out of anything . This one time , Adam fell and cut himself in the kitchen , I mean , it was after he punched me , so part of me just wanted to let him bleed out all over the place , like a stuck pig . But I didn 't . Anyway , in the process , he bled all over everything , he even stained the kitchen counter . I could never get it out . God , that was the sweetest bedtime story . Please , tell it again .|I have so many stories like that .
I have so many stories like that .|Why didn 't you ever tell me ? It 's not something you talk about . Not even to your friends ? Especially not to your friends .
I liked what you said on TV , about joy .|Do you know the one about the pupil calling teacher Johnny ? Do you like jokes ? The teacher said don 't call me Johnny , write it out a hundred times . He wrote it out two hundred times . Why 200 times , when I only said 100 times ? The boy answered : To make you happy , Johnny .
Do you know the one about the pupil calling teacher Johnny ? Do you like jokes ? The teacher said don 't call me Johnny , write it out a hundred times . He wrote it out two hundred times . Why 200 times , when I only said 100 times ? The boy answered : To make you happy , Johnny .|Not bad , huh ?
My god .|You know , I hope you 're intending on replacing that . Ryan , you have ... What the fuck ?
You know , I hope you 're intending on replacing that . Ryan , you have ... What the fuck ?|No .
I can think of an easy solution to that problem . Easy being a relative term , but it 's probably more convenient than redecorating every time your ex throws a hissy fit . I 'm listening . If you think about it , he 's really kind of a loose end . Lurking about , and whatnot .|What the fuck is happening here ?
Come over there .|Excuse me .
What the fuck is happening here ?|We 're gonna kill Adam .
No , she wasn 't .|Well ... We said we 'd be all in in the beginning of the night , so , I 'm in . Yes . But seriously , can we please get food first ? Homicide makes me hungry .
I 'm in love !|Are you ?
It 's a fact . I could . So what . The main thing is you didn 't cry . So you could be happy , instead of being mad at me .|True , I didn 't cry . But you really made me nervous .
True , I didn 't cry . But you really made me nervous .|What pressure ! You think I 'm immune , now ? Yes , actually . I think so .
Get in the house . Sorry , okay ?|Stop it . What are you , a little girl ?
And what would she say If only she knew , love How you stumbled my way ...|My god ! How is it possible that you are late for literally everything ? I told you we should have carpooled .
You 're acting like a kid . What did I eat already ?|Don 't you understand that it 's dangerous , Yakov ? Don 't you realize that it 's poison for you , those things ?
To see Petr . Petr ?|He 's not just my chum . I want to go and end it .
Well , it wouldn 't be the first time . Here .|I want you to know , that what 's about to happen to you , is all your fault .
Would you hold it ?|Come in .
Wow . Fantastic . You know ? You 're one of the only ones in my history as a tester who has talked to me after a test . Don 't you know that 's forbidden ?|But if you 've already spoken , then know that too much confidence is a problem when driving .
Mommy .|It 's not him , Faith . Don 't leave me , Mommy , please . That 's not our son . God . I don 't wanna be alone . Faith , come on .
No !|THE AMITYVILLE TERROR
On something long solved !|And we worked on an erroneous basis .
Like this ...|I discovered it when you had your stupid heart attack .
It 's really old .|It 's called Victorian .
I have a message for you . Your husband called .|You are to come and see him tonight .
Yakov , calm down . It 's not good for you . It 's not healthy . Nothing 's healthy , Shifra . Nothing . But I 'm not calm . That 's the truth . What can I do ? I get excited and I just can 't stay calm .|I know . I know .
This is my room .|It 's a mess , shocker .
You know , Shae 's been through a lot with Mom 's death . But I think having family nearby is going to be really good for her . I agree .|And with this new job , we can finally get back on track . Which I 'm very grateful for .
" Lushinka , Lushinka . Oh ! Where are you , Lushinka ?|" He came back to you , Lushinka . Why didn 't you wait for him ?
" He came back to you , Lushinka . Why didn 't you wait for him ?|" Lushinka , Lushinka . Oh ! Where are you , Lushinka ? "
Don 't be scared .|What a fuss .
" Lushinka , Lushinka . Oh ! Where are you , Lushinka ? "|Hey ! Don 't you understand what you 're told ? They told you to sing properly , so sing properly . I don 't know what 's come over him . Why are you yelling like animals ? Sing like human beings . Hello , hello , you moron . What 's with you ? You 're telling us how to sing ? Beat it , before I throw you out . Oh man , will I tell you how to sing . Especially you ! Have you heard yourself singing ? Like a sick ass . I 'm a sick ass ? You maniac . I 'm a sick ass ? Call your dad a sick ass . Shaul , leave him alone !
Hey ! Don 't you understand what you 're told ? They told you to sing properly , so sing properly . I don 't know what 's come over him . Why are you yelling like animals ? Sing like human beings . Hello , hello , you moron . What 's with you ? You 're telling us how to sing ? Beat it , before I throw you out . Oh man , will I tell you how to sing . Especially you ! Have you heard yourself singing ? Like a sick ass . I 'm a sick ass ? You maniac . I 'm a sick ass ? Call your dad a sick ass . Shaul , leave him alone !|I 'm going to tear you apart . Get over here , you maniac . I 'm going to beat you to a pulp . Get your hand off . Get your hand off .
Did you see that , Dad ? Did you see that Tomer ?|That 's all I need . For you to think it 's because of what happened today . Believe me , it isn 't that . I wanted to tell you before , but I just couldn 't .
Hey , so how did you find this place ? Just responded to an ad . The neighborhood looked really nice , and the house was really cheap considering the size of the place . So I jumped on it . I 'm so surprised that it was even available . This house is fantastic .|My real estate agent said something about the local economy being down . People aren 't moving . Makes sense . Well , their loss . I think this place is fantastic . And I absolutely love the furniture .
My real estate agent said something about the local economy being down . People aren 't moving . Makes sense . Well , their loss . I think this place is fantastic . And I absolutely love the furniture .|When I saw those baroque couches , I was like where do I sign ? Baroque . Did the family before here leave their broke couch ? I guess so .
Nothing really matches .|It 's called character .
So we 're divorced . What ?|Yes .
Yes .|He always was a bit mad , but lately he 's gone overboard .
It 's called character .|Hey , do I have to go to school right away ? Hey , yes , you have to go to school right away . Is there a specific reason why you don 't want to ? Come on Dad , think about it . The semester 's almost over . I can start next semester . I 'll work extra hard , and then it 'll be a nice break . Please ?
What exactly is a real one ?|Yitzhak , stop it ! Why do you do that ?
I passed my test , you understand ? I passed my test .|And I 'm telling you there 's something good in that .
What ? Can you be the bigger person here so we can all get along ?|It 'd mean a lot to me .
Hey , could you explain it to me ? Teach me a few moves ? Sure , whenever you want , but the main thing is always to stay cool and react quickly , and be first , if possible .|Defense and attack . This way , calm , cool and collected . And ...
It 's banned now , but it affects an insect 's nervous system .|A person 's , too .
Defense and attack . This way , calm , cool and collected . And ...|Okay . Defense and attack . Move the pelvis like this when you go for a punch . Defense . Defense and ... attack . Good . Now , full movement , I 'm attacking you ...
That 's a cool bike . It 's a Yamaha 125 .|Yeah , you ride ?
The sow looks like she 's in pain .|She 's a virgin .
That 's cool . Is that where you 're from ? No , I moved here from San Francisco . Okay , well welcome .|Yeah , I think I 'm gonna go .
Miss McCallister . Please , it 's Delilah .|Delilah .
I guess you came for the rest of the rent check . Sorry , I 've been painting all day . I 'm really spaced out . An artist .|It 's more of a hobby really .
Sorry I planned on dropping this off to you later today . Hi . You must be Jessica . Jessica , this is Delilah . She 's the property manager on the house . Hi .|Just stopping by to see how you 're doing . We love the place . How 's the garden ? I 've actually never had one before . But the moment we moved in , I had the sudden urge to just planting ... Roses . Yes , exactly . I saw them outside . They 're gorgeous . Thank you . Your husband and your daughter ? Where are they , I would love to meet them . Todd is at work , and Hailey , she 's probably out exploring or something . Pity .
Move .|Hello !
Hello !|Scoutmaster !
Stop here .|Go .
When they break , they have sharp points .|I 'm sorry !
Dogs can digest just about anything .|The bones 'll dissolve .
You 're not a sister , are you ?|I 'm an ' aspirant ' ...
Shae ? Shae , open the door !|My skin is burning ! I 'm bleeding ! Honey , I don 't think you 're bleeding at all . It 's probably just an acid trip . Not now , Hailey ! I swear Todd , there is something in the water . And it was burning me . It was burning my skin .
Don 't touch me ! Get out !|I told you , it can 't be connected . The drain cleaner , it 's impossible . What else was it ? I don 't know .
Azulai !|Without a doubt , you 're not allowed to drive , and you 'll be put on trial as well , it seems .
Why did you come back ?|I kind of killed some people .
Without a doubt , you 're not allowed to drive , and you 'll be put on trial as well , it seems .|I 'll check down at the station . Meanwhile , give me your license .
I needed a place to hide out from the police . What sin did you really commit ?|I told you . Don 't pretend you 're so evil .
I 'll check down at the station . Meanwhile , give me your license .|I don 't have it . It 's not here . What do you mean ?
I looked for you everywhere , but couldn 't find you , so I found someone else to sing and I arranged it by myself . We are also looking for a singer . Anat , who worked for us , is leaving .|So come listen to the one I got . Maybe she 's good ?
Come here , come here , no . Listen , I 'm sorry .|I 'm sorry too .
I 'm gonna come !|Go ahead .
Okay . I 'll try to come .|How 's your husband ?
How did it feel ?|Really ... warm .
It 's just , you know with all this creepy and craziness . Yeah , I know , I know , I know . This is not the first episode that she has had . Why does it even happen ? Honestly , I don 't know . It could be stress , trauma , you know Mom 's death is a lot for Shae .|Morning sunshine . Hi .
Yitzhak , Mom said to tell you they took your Dad to the hospital . Go straight there .|I 'll bring the car home . Don 't worry .
Make it hurt .|Make it hurt , please .
Close the door .|Yes , ma 'am .
There 's a story where a monkey peels and peels an onion .|When there 's nothing left , it gets angry .
What are you guys talking about ? Nothing , new girl . Mind your own business . Yeah , mind your business , Dirt Bike .|That 's not an insult . Whatever , Failey .
'Curettage ' . Did you know ?|She conceived a child that was forcibly removed with a curette .
Don 't get him worried at all .|He also ... him and his dreams .
Hello ?|Hey Shae ?
For one thing ... she curses the infertility this has brought upon her .|As well ... she curses the father who forced it on her .
I also don 't think that anyone else would want to , either .|In any case , we had seven kids this year , and next year , there would be even less . It wouldn 't be worth it .
In any case , we had seven kids this year , and next year , there would be even less . It wouldn 't be worth it .|I told him that I finally managed to cut back on the food , and lately , I 've been eating a lot less .
She answered an ad . Shae is doing all right ? Yeah , no she 's fine . She 's a tough cookie . So she bounced back . Look , I gotta go . I might drop by later on to say hi to Shae . Okay , yeah sounds good man .|Hey , I did the inventory , and loaded the beers . Can I go meet the guys ? Storage unit locked up ? Yeah .
Hey , I did the inventory , and loaded the beers . Can I go meet the guys ? Storage unit locked up ? Yeah .|Hey , Dad if you need me to stay ... No it 's all right , I got Jones comin ' in at eight . You go on , get outta here .
Anyway ...|I have some vague idea about the two of you .
I have some vague idea about the two of you .|'Curette ' is a difficult character , Sister . 'Theresa ' .
Yehuda .|" A sad wind " Go sit with you friends . It 's not nice . " A wretched wind , " Blow my sigh away
" A sad wind " Go sit with you friends . It 's not nice . " A wretched wind , " Blow my sigh away|" Through the fields , through the forests , " To my beloved .
Hey .|Hey .
" Through the fields , through the forests , " To my beloved .|" Far far away ... " Wow ! You really know all the words . I really love it . I inherited it from my parents .
Woo ! That was awesome .|Man .
You ever heard of a gun ? Too predictable .|You wanna try ?
You wanna try ?|No , I 'm good .
" in the superior realms , among those holy and pure ... "|Look , Bonnie . I can 't cry .
Too small .|Eat .
Eat .|Eat what ? The stones .
" And you will dispel evil and bring salvation close , " with compassion and pardon before ... "|Are you telling me that I will never be able to cry anymore ? " And may he have a portion in the world to come . " And return the soul before the Master of solace , " the soul of Yakov Cherniak , of blessed memory . " May his soul be bound in the bond of life . "
I can 't .|Put them in your mouth .
Yeah . She 's gone absolutely crazy . She was in the bathtub last night . She started screaming , crying , the whole nine yards . She thought her sin was burning off . Burning off ? Yeah like acid burning her skin off .|What ? Nothing , nothing . Anyway , she went crazy and it made my parents fight . And so they got in to this huge argument . And it was , seriously what ?
I shouldn 't say anything . Okay .|Something bad happened in that house .
Forgive me .|You slipped on shit in the cowshed .
You slipped on shit in the cowshed .|You smashed your face on the floor .
Hello , hello , Shae ?|Yeah boy , did you find a chicken ? Hello ?
It 'll swell up more and take longer to heal .|The teeth won 't grow back , though .
Can you believe it ? I still haven 't cried .|Even though I want to , I just can 't .
No .|Really ?
Shifra !|Noam ?
Hey , where 's Delilah ? Screwin ' around in the kitchen .|Delilah . Mike . We have to talk .
I want to see Shifra and Yakov .|Noam .
I 'm not !|But you just got bigger .
I don 't tell you how to run your business . Don 't tell me how to run mine . It 's not right . You know it . Well the house can 't be empty . As long as tenants pay , I don 't care who they are . You 're a sick bitch .|I love it when you talk dirty to me .
Hey Mike !|It 's like Vegas , baby . Never bet against the house .
Yeah ...|So it happened ?
So it happened ?|No , it didn 't !
Well I feel perfect . Wanna see what I 'm working on ?|No , no I 'll wait 'til it 's finished .
" But if ye forgive not , neither will He forgive yours . "|Rou ... trust in God 's mercy , and confess your sins .
I 'll get it the next time .|Son , you know what time it is ? Dad , I 'm sorry . You 're sorry , then you know how late you are . Get inside now .
Sensei ...|I have killed .
I have killed .|I see ...
I see ...|Doesn 't that shock you ?
I tend to feel the life force surge in the presence of death , don 't you ? I don 't know about surge , but I feel a definite twinge .|Nice and easy , easy .
Do you like it ? Yeah , I mean the colors are amazing .|I think you got a keeper .
Hailey .|Hailey , are you okay ?
During the Civil War , federal troops were garrisoned here . They had their cannons aimed right across the waters , right at that city full of Southern sympathisers . It was a house divided .|I know how to protect the anonymity of a source . I 'm not the source .
I got angry and killed them both .|Rou , you don 't feel guilty ?
Turn the welder off !|Todd !
Not at all . That wouldn 't change anything .|As a matter of fact , I 've lost my virginity since I came back .
As a matter of fact , I 've lost my virginity since I came back .|Now you 're making fun of me .
Our luck . People stop drinking alcohol , because of a piddling poisoned wine scare . Who 's afraid of a little old phosphozine ? Munch , you finally saw Dr Tucker ? Everything checks out . No permanent damage . What a relief ? What would we do if there were ? Prosthetics ? I already have mine . I don 't need yours . This 'll take your mind off your black and blues . Chateau de Quine 1972 .|Those of us who are about to die ... salute you .
A sister here will have my child .|" His name shall be called Emmanuel . "
No , I don 't think so .|I can 't think about this right now . Yeah that 's fine , we 'll just chill .
You were ?|You 're testing me . And God , and religion .
Neither you nor God has the power to punish a sinner like me .|If there were a God he 'd punish me , right here and now .
I 'm married . Didn 't ask .|What about you , your first concert ?
Can we get family to talk to sense to him ? Wife 's dead . Had two sons , also dead . Car accident four years ago . Losing your family in one blow , that will push you over the edge . Family will push you over the edge in all kinds of ways .|We confiscated every bottle from every liquor store Flynn delivered to . We posted warnings in the neighbourhoods . I just keep thinking that somewhere like Poughkeepsie a woman is opening up a gift she got from her dear friend in Baltimore , a bottle of vintage wine .
What about you , your first concert ?|I have never been to a concert .
I have never been to a concert .|No way . Are you serious ? Yeah . Not a lot of bands come through Amityville .
Can I get something to drink ? Sure . Coffee ? We never had any money . How am I gonna bury him right ?|I can make a call to Victims ' Assistance to help you out . OK . A Pepsi while you 're at it , too , please .
I want that made obvious .|I get excited , imagining you hauled away ... and tortured to make you talk ... about my crime .
But he died when I was really little . He was just a baby .|I didn 't know him at all .
Can even someone like me be forgiven ?|Yes .
Yes .|I 've been hearing confession for over 50 years .
I 've been hearing confession for over 50 years .|Forgiveness is God 's other name .
Hi , there . Yes , it was fine , thank you .|No offense taken . They 'll always home in on any criticism .
Now the man was in a white van with writing on the side , wasn 't he ? You 're wasting your time , Ames .|Was it big writing ? It was dirty .
Was it big writing ? It was dirty .|The van was dirty ?
A lot of time when people find out that I lost my mom , they try to be sympathetic .|But I know that for the most part they don 't get it .
Aw , to hell with it !|Erm ...
But I know that for the most part they don 't get it .|It 's just nice to meet somebody who does .
Come on , let 's go .|Where ? I think I might know somebody who can help us .
Is it just me or does the whole human race get in her way ? Flowers ? Bit funereal .|Matt : What if we take Rosie to the big swings in the park , see how high she can go ?
Yes .|It hasn 't happened yet .
You planned this .|I said a sister would have my child , who shall be called ' Emmanuel ' .
I said a sister would have my child , who shall be called ' Emmanuel ' .|Like in the Gospel of Matthew , I 'm fulfilling a prophecy .
That snotty press officer , she wouldn 't give me your address , so I looked you up in the phone book . I just wanted to see he was all right .|I 'm Sarah Wheeler .
My daughter got prizes for shorthand .|I used to say to her , " Barbara , " I used to say , " you are a mother . Why are you working all these hours ? " I mean , it wasn 't as though she had some brilliant career , you know ? Who looked after Leanne ?
I had the strangest day today .|None of my roses wanted to live .
She came to me after school .|It was me who put up with her teenage tantrums and her boyfriends and ... the meaning of life .
So was she happily married ?|Just cutting to the chase .
And the best they can offer is talk about standing up on the telly and doing one of them stupid appeals . I mean , what the hell good is that gonna do ?|Better than sitting here .
I 've got a favor to ask you , Mrs. Poole .|Leanne 's never been one to have a proper system , but I always say to her , you 'll need a system when Rosie goes to school .
It 's Saturday afternoon , so it 's Sunday papers . 3 : 30 on the dot at St. Saviour 's church hall or we 'll miss their deadlines .|Okay . Result .
It 's so pale ...|Are you crying ?
Are you crying ?|You really did love Father Togawa ...
You really did love Father Togawa ...|My chest hurts .
Okay . Result .|Well done . The lucky girl .
Who was the property manager at the time ?|McCallister , Delilah McCallister .
I just hate whistling .|Ukawa and Kita are your dogs . Everyone wants to be a dog .
Ukawa and Kita are your dogs . Everyone wants to be a dog .|Not you .
Put the files down .|I will cut out your heart and eat it .
How does somebody just fall out of a closed window ? I don 't know , Jess . And our neighbors just stood around like nothing happened ? Hailey ? Dad , Dad I just went to Delilah McCallister 's house and I found all of this information about past renters . There 's been hundreds . Dad , hundreds ! Okay Hailey , slow down . What are you talking about ? Since the ' 70s , people have been moving in and out of our house . They never stay longer than three months . I 'm willing to bet they 're all missing . Okay Hailey , this is crazy . Why don 't you just come home and ... Dad , you need to get Mom and Shae , and you need to get out of the house . Okay , I 'm at the police station .|Hailey , Hailey ? Lost her .
Josh : Mr. Wellings ? Matthew ?|Well , was she or not ? Tops : Mrs. Poole 's not here to take questions . I 'll make a note of your query for later . Man : Why not get us someone who can tell us something now ? Where 's your senior investigating officer ? I told you , Detective Superintendent Barclay has been unavoidably detained . Have you found the flower wagon yet ? No ? What about the driver of the white van ? No ? Any progress of any kind you 'd like to share with us , Ms. Topcu ? Could everyone just simmer down and then perhaps Mrs. Poole might be able to make her statement ?
Todd ? Todd what 's wrong ?|Todd ? Todd let me out ! Todd I can 't open the door !
I 'm as soiled as they come .|Where are you going ?
Just ' cause Dad 's a rebel , just ' cause he lives his own life , 'cause it 's not a rehearsal . Well , that 's what he says . Don 't look like that . I 'm not looking like anything . They have different telly in France and everything . And my room 's bigger . Want to lick the spoon ?|When your mom was a little girl , she used to love raw cake mixture .
Todd ?|Todd ?
Todd ?|Todd !
I 'm afraid ... afraid you 'll leave .|I 'll always be here .
I 'll always be here .|You 'll get tired of me and leave .
It won 't happen again .|Man on TV : She hands over to Matthew Wellings , the missing woman 's husband ...
I know it .|Father , why do old men smell ?
You never let me in .|Maybe if we had more children . Barbara on TV : I hope she did abandon them . I hope she walked away and left them alone in that car .
Hailey .|Hailey . You can 't hide from me .
I 'm gonna have a brother or sister . That 's right , we 're trying for another . Well that 's wonderful because we have three bedrooms .|It 's exactly what we 're lookin ' for . Yeah . I think we 'll take it .
Come here .|Rou ... you 're the one who took care of Ukawa , aren 't you ?
I want to lick your spit .|I want to lick your spit !
A NEW TOEI FILM|The Proud Challenge
Oh , God . You mustn 't tell him that it was me that told you .|You mustn 't tell him . Oh , please . 
Sick ?|You called me ' sick ' ? ! No , from licking my spit .
I 'll get sick ?|Yes !
Doing loads of blood tests . They ... they can 't be sure whether he ... whether he touched her .|But why are you asking me ? You know more about it than I do , right ? So you tell me . 'Cause here 's the thing I can 't bear ... it 's looking at her and not knowing . Well , the forensic medical examiner found no evidence of sexual or physical assault . No no , I need it much more definite than that .
We 'll do this later .|I know . It 's the MS machine gun . I didn 't know old fashioned weapons were still in demand .
Oh , no ! Her Beauteous Highness Tanya thinks this whole thing is her fault . Which wicked fairy has put this wicked lie into her pretty head ?|I stayed in my room , and I didn 't go with them like I was supposed to , and I told a lie . You had your homework , love . I told Mom I had homework . I just didn 't want to go see Greats . His room 's smelly .
I stayed in my room , and I didn 't go with them like I was supposed to , and I told a lie . You had your homework , love . I told Mom I had homework . I just didn 't want to go see Greats . His room 's smelly .|You mustn 't blame yourself . None of this is your fault , none of it .
I know . It 's the MS machine gun . I didn 't know old fashioned weapons were still in demand .|You made a killing with this . But after the end of the Korean War , your military division isn 't doing so well .
Suck it ? You know what I mean ! This !|Fuck off .
Come on . Come on , bitches .|Get back . Get back ! Don 't , please , don 't . Down on the ground right now . All of it . Come on . That 's it . That 's all .
Didn 't recognize you with those glasses . Oh , hi , Hiromi .|You 've changed . Do you work here now ?
Real hard , like when you do it yourself ?|Yes ... I 'll do it .
Excuse me .|Wait a second .
Went directly from Bob 's Quickie Mart to right here .|What can I do for you ? Fire away . Al ? I 'll be right back .
Really ?|Really .
Do as you wish . I won 't stop .|I warn you , as one Japanese to another .
Who is he ?|I don 't know .
They bounced a check the other day ...|They ventured into peace time projects and failed . Because of the treaty there isn 't as much profit , but they were making a go of the weapons business . Trying to change over to diesel engines was their downfall . Maybe good times will come again .
For sympathy .|You might not care ... but not taking care of things bothers me .
Maybe I can dig something up on the Snow Queen . I 'd like to come with you , Belle , if that 's okay . Maybe something about my sister will be there , too .|Unless , you 'd rather not have the company .
What ?|Shake hands .
I was able to survive with my husband .|Did all these people fight during the revolution ? The reporter wants to know if you fought during the revolution . We were double crossed . Go to hell , you son of a bitch .
Why not ? Because there 's something this book doesn 't tell you . Magic always comes with a price .|And whatever that price is , I don 't want you to have to pay it .
And whatever that price is , I don 't want you to have to pay it .|I 'm sorry , Belle .
Forget this nonsense .|You are not to leave this chamber until the doctors say you 're better .
Toru !|I want to .
Are you aware of that ?|We have no political aspirations .
It 's filthy .|I want to .
It does ?|Smells aren 't good or evil .
Smells aren 't good or evil .|Let 's get back to the shit .
But , as Confucius noted , it is possible to look without seeing . If you learn to see beyond the surface of these paintings , you will discover their real beauty and find the deepest truths of the Chinese philosophies of life .|Enter the hidden world of Chinese painting .
Usually a conversation about our parents ends with a chill in the air . I 've been learning to control my powers when I get upset . Really ? How ?|INGRID : By training with me .
Or is it how they saw what they were looking at ?|How do we begin to understand this unique painting tradition which has survived virtually unchanged for so many centuries ?
But our mother doesn 't have a sister .|At least , she never told us about one . I 'm sure it was too painful for her to talk about . You see , many years ago , I was trapped in a magical urn by people who didn 't exactly understand me .
When farmers in central China first found these ancient artifacts in the 1800 's , they called them ' Dragon Bones ' and they ground them into medicinal powder .|But in the 1950 's , a visiting scholar recognized them for what they were ... the earliest examples of Chinese writing . By studying these bones , scholars began to understand how these pictographs carved into bone evolved over thousands of years into symbols painted with a brush .
Our gift runs in the family .|ANNA : I 'm telling you , that woman is up to something .
" In the beginning , Chinese calligraphy was written in pictograph style . "|If you want to write a goat there was two horns of the goat , and the cow is like this . So each word , there is a meaning . This is the sun , this is the moon , and this is , you see , like this , this is a bird , ' niao ' .
Where 's Hiromi ?|She 's at the factory . She 'll be home soon .
For example , pine trees , as one ancient critic put it , are like ' people of high principles whose manner reveals an inner power . '|Indeed , one emperor bestowed the title of " Mandarin of the Fifth Degree " on a particularly ancient pine tree at the foot of a holy mountain .
Or is she just some impostor who 's trying to worm her way into our family ? Anna . Look at her . You can 't see the resemblance ?|Oh , yes , the ice power thing . There 's that . Maybe . But if she 's really my aunt , why isn 't she in the family portraits ? The royal records ? There 's no trace of her . It 's like she never even existed .
This system was created by the first emperor of china , Qin Shihuang , when he ordered his ministers to create a standard ideographic writing system for all Chinese . With this common writing system people from different parts of China could communicate in writing even though they spoke different dialects .|In fact , the Chinese term for civilization , ' wen ming ' , is represented by the characters for literature and bright , and so the term literally means 'enlightenment through literacy ' .
Oh , yes , the ice power thing . There 's that . Maybe . But if she 's really my aunt , why isn 't she in the family portraits ? The royal records ? There 's no trace of her . It 's like she never even existed .|There has to be an explanation for all this . Yeah , and how do you think you 're going to find it ? Your family .
There has to be an explanation for all this . Yeah , and how do you think you 're going to find it ? Your family .|Careful . Grand Pabbie 's still a little miffed that you postponed the wedding .
Telling her our parents wanted to take away her magic ?|I just have to find the right moment . That 's all . Right . Right . Of course . Yeah .
I also need to know when the delivery date is , too .|Is it important ? Sort of . Well I 'll be going .
I had several jobs ... and when I was working at a bar near the base ... So you work to support him ?|You saw his condition .
She 's cleared out the vessel .|What now ? Should we question the cows she gets her milk from ? Maybe search the waffle cone factory ? Hang on . Look . Who locks their freezer ? Was she afraid someone was gonna steal the Rocky Road ? Stand back .
He says life will be tough back in America .|You have your hands full .
They have four rooms on the third floor .|No one 's come to see them since they returned from the exhibit .
Since before foster care ? Since I landed in this world .|BELLE : Are you okay ?
Are you Mr. Kuroki ? You have a phone call .|Wait a second .
This is pointless . I don 't know why I thought I 'd find anything about Anna in here . You know she 's somewhere . You know she 's alive . You heard her heartbeat with Bo Peep 's staff , right ?|But if what the Snow Queen told me is true , and Anna is the one who put me in that urn , then maybe she doesn 't want me to find her . That 's not true , Elsa . You 're just saying that to make me feel better . No , I promise you , I 'm not . How would you know what my sister thinks ?
This is Taoist ... yin and yang .|Horizontal stroke must be thin yin , yin . This is yin . The yang is always thick , the yin is always thin .
We will find Anna .|You want to find trolls ? You know they 're dangerous , yeah ? Oh , no , no , no . Rock trolls . Not bridge trolls . Oh , yeah , they 're quite nice . So you can ... You can direct me to them ? No . I 've never met them .
This is a good piece of calligraphy . Some moist , some dry , some thin , some thick , some big , some small , some big , and some fast , some slow .|In both their lives , and their art , they strove to attain a harmonious balanced relationship between their roles as stern administrators , and their more sensitive , artistic Taoist spirit .
Please help me . I just lost my mother . Oh , I 'm so sorry .|Uh , trolls can 't bring life .
No artist was better at doing this , at expressing his personality in his work , than a certain eccentric monk who lived during the ninth century . Zhang X u . Legend has it he would walk around drunk and sobbing ... until he sat down to perform some calligraphic magic .|He allowed his brush to gallop across the paper , curling , twisting in one unbroken stroke . The novelty and quality and originality of his work , had nobles lining up to buy a sample , and emperors down the centuries scrambling to own some small piece of his genius .
Who are you ? Someone who you want to meet .|In thirty minutes come to Restaurant Koln in Marunouchi .
He was forced to sell the family estate and thereafter lived on a boat on the lakes .|He painted in light ink on paper with delicate , dry brushwork . Using crisply etched lines , his paintings depict scene after scene of desolate silence and loneliness .
Asked why his paintings never show any figures , he answered : 'How can there be any human beings in this age of ours ? '|For Ni Zan , and most Chinese Mandarin painters after him , scenery was a state of mind .
As you can imagine , having so many copies around made it diffiicult to tell an original from a fake . So Chinese painters often stamped their paintings with seals in red ink to guard against forgery . Chinese collectors would also sometimes stamp an acquired painting to show their ownership and refined taste .|The seals may seem distracting at first , but for Chinese connoisseurs , seals provide an additional dimension and depth to the experience of viewing a painting .
Don 't .|It 's too hard to talk in the car . Let 's get out .
Robin , I 'm sorry , but if you truly want to save Marian , you 're going to have to forget about me .|And find a way to fall in love with your wife again .
You can show yourself , dearie .|I 'm not the one you 're hiding from . No , you 're not .
What else would a blackmailing reporter want ?|Or are you doing it for some old fashioned justice ? That 's not a bad way to go . Depending ...
Around the time of Wang Xishi the Chinese had developed an ink that made clear and durable marks on paper which we call ' India ink ' , because it was imported by the British via India . The French more accurately call it " I 'encre de Chine " or ' Chinese ink . ' The second treasure of the scholar 's table .|" Chinese painters often used black inkwashes to depict color . In fact , they have an expression , that all six colors could be effectively expressed using black ink alone . "
I 've been thinking about that . Now I know .|What I want isn 't money . It 's your downfall .
This is the 13th century artist Liang Kai 's " Inkwash Painted Immortal " . We see the painter 's tonal range varies from the sheer black of the immortal 's belt painted with heavily saturated ink to the light washes uses to paint his robe . Brush and ink work together to convey the artist 's spirit when painting this immortal .|Mountains fading into the distance were rendered by washes of light ink or blue color alone without preliminary outlines and modeling .
I 'll find enough to nail you .|I won 't guarantee your safety if you go too far . I heard that ten years ago . It doesn 't bother me .
Oh really ?|They say there 's no cure for foolishness , but this will do the trick .
The unique set of tools used by painters influenced the unique look of Chinese paintings . Their painting techniques also heavily influenced the look and composition of these paintings . Many Westerners assume that the Chinese painters had no grasp of western realistic painting techniques , for if they had , they would have used them .|For example , in the year 1804 one English visitor to China reported the Chinese were ' unable to pencil out a correct outline of many objects , to give body to the same by the application of proper lights and shadows , and to lay on the nice shades of colour , so as to resemble the tints of nature . '
For example , in the year 1804 one English visitor to China reported the Chinese were ' unable to pencil out a correct outline of many objects , to give body to the same by the application of proper lights and shadows , and to lay on the nice shades of colour , so as to resemble the tints of nature . '|Traditional western painting utilizes a fixed point of view , with linear perspective . This means these painting contain a vanishing point , just where two train tracks , for example , meet on the horizon . Likewise , western paintings employ a fixed light source to throw shadows .
Traditional western painting utilizes a fixed point of view , with linear perspective . This means these painting contain a vanishing point , just where two train tracks , for example , meet on the horizon . Likewise , western paintings employ a fixed light source to throw shadows .|But the Chinese did understand and use these techniques . In fact , ever since the Song dynasty in the 12th century , there has been a school of Chinese painting that specialises in realistic techniques of perspective and color . This tradition was championed by the emperor Huizong , who hated the abstract landscapes so much favored by his father , in fact he ordered them to be used to wipe up the mess in the painting studio .
One time while correcting examinations , Su Shih was inspired to paint bamboo but found himself without black ink ; all that was available was the red ink used for correcting student exams . So he used this red ink to paint red bamboo .|When he showed this red bamboo to his fellow painters at the academy , they laughed at him and mockingly asked " Where in the world does bamboo grow red ? "
But if you decline , I 'd be careful .|There it is ! There 's the warning .
My answer won 't change .|Kuroki !
I lost him once during the chase . I was worried . So you think we can shake Takayama down ?|We 'll have to give that a rest .
But the Mandarins artist remained uninpressed . Like Su Shih centuries before , they felt that these realistic techniques were merely methods of creating an optical illusion . They felt that Western painting missed the point ; and that the true reality of things lies behind the illusion of outward appearances .|The Mandarin painters of China rejected representational realistic painting techniques because they failed to realize the first rule of Chinese art : To express the hidden reality behind the illusion of surface appearances .
I 'm so sorry .|I lost mine , too . There are no words .
I lost mine , too . There are no words .|No , there aren 't .
For the Mandarins , Taoist meditation and artistic creation were inseparable . 'The idea precedes the brush ' was their motto .|The famous landscape painter Kuo H 'si , who painted his magnificent landscape " Early Spring " , said : 'Wonderfully lofty are these mountains , inexhaustible are their mystery . In order to grasp their creations , one must love them utterly and never cease contemplating them and wandering among them , storing impressions one by one in the heart . Then in painting them , the eye will not be aware of the silk , nor will the hand consciously wield the brush . '
I 've never talked to anyone this much since I left Yale .|Someone to see you .
But if Grand Pabbie can help you get what you need , I 'll make sure he does . Thank you .|Uh ...
Uh ...|So , now what ?
Sister ?|I checked with a guy who was in intelligence .
In his excitement he took a photo and declared to the world that he had discovered a lost civilization . What he discovered , however , weren 't pyramids , but massive tomb mounds .|And the grandest of them all was the tomb of the man who unified China .
Perhaps . But no matter what I do now , I can 't divorce myself from that incident .|I understand that .
Stone can be used to fashion and work stone , as early Britons must have done to build Stonehenge . But iron tools were necessary for wood carving and joinery . And with such tools , however primitive , wood construction was much easier than construction in stone .|Western cultures began their architecture without iron tools . So they started in stone and brick and continued building with these materials .
You , more than I were deeply wounded by it .|So you probably don 't like it that I 'm working at a bar .
I won 't let you anywhere near her .|I was worried you were going to say that .
I was worried you were going to say that .|Because
My boy , women are women . You crawl into bed with them and you won 't be lonesome anymore . No ... I just want to discuss ...|No , nothing .
No , nothing .|Oh , Miss ?
A dark cloud over Japan ?|I 'm having the section chief read it . I think it 's more suited for a magazine . You 're wrong . A Japanese woman was killed needlessly . They made her look like a prostitute .
While Europeans built their roofs using a truss system incorporating diagonal beams , the Chinese used a post and beam system ; there are no diagonals . The stepped shape allowed for the curvature of the roof .|Using this system roofs could be expanded to create buildings of impressive scale .
The height of a building has never equaled status in China .|In the year 1747 , the emperor Qianlong commissioned European missionaries to design a summer palace in " the manner of European Barbarians " .
These ornaments were in fact symbolic fire extinguishers .|Along the sloping ridge there might also be a string of smaller animals : Nine for imperial buildings , with the number of animals decreasing as the importance of the building decreases .
Along the sloping ridge there might also be a string of smaller animals : Nine for imperial buildings , with the number of animals decreasing as the importance of the building decreases .|Often found sitting on the corner is this evil prince riding on a hen , which represents a legendary tyrant who was cruel to his people . He is fated to suffer the elements for all eternity .
The heavy tiled roofs would seem to require a dense forest of columns to support them . But the Chinese secret of supporting a heavy roof on only a few columns is ingenious .|The columns bear this enormous weight roofs with the assistance of brackets .
Hey , Kuroki . You 're a journalist . You must know that the freedom of the press is based upon calm analysis of events . Then I ask you . What does that mean ?|Does it mean I have to censure myself just like during the war ? I didn 't say that . But we 're not a Communist paper . We don 't print articles that are openly critical of the intelligence dept . I see . So Maicho Newspaper hasn 't changed a bit since I was fired .
Looks like the feeling was mutual . " Thanks for being the family I never had . Love , Emma . "|I wrote that . To her . Looks like you two were close once .
You haven 't changed . Good to see you still doing your stuff . But if we challenge everyone we won 't have a paper .|Although they look down on us as a commercial paper we do our best to print the truth .
Although they look down on us as a commercial paper we do our best to print the truth .|But truth is a difficult thing .
This book defined the basic units of measurement as standardized sizes of the duo gong bracket arms . Depending on the size of the bracket was determined the size of every other element in the building : Such as the thickness and height of the columns . This standard survived into modern times .|These rules of Chinese architecture governed not only the construction of an individual buildings but also the planning of the layout of a town , a temple , or a palace complex .
Not only buildings faced south but also cities , palaces and tombs .|Ancient Chinese shamans found the directions with the aid of a sinan : History 's first magnetic compass . The pointer , shaped like a spoon , was made out of magnetic lodestone . It sits within a circle to represent heaven , and on a square plate representing earth .
But truth is a difficult thing .|Do you know this story during the occupation ? The then police chief said there were things he could only say on his death bed .
It 's the lament of the defeated country .|But we have to change it little by little .
From the west came the white tiger and autumn , the death of summer , and where the sun sets at the day 's end . White thus became the color worn for mourning the deceased in China .|East is the home of the green sea dragon , whence comes rain , indispensable for life , growth and prosperity . North is the home of the black tortoise , symbol of winter , night , and the death of sunlight , cold wind from the desert and invading nomadic hordes .
That 's the only way we can resist .|Sorry for the lecture .
Let me think about this before I decide .|Forget it . It hasn 't changed .
Forget it . It hasn 't changed .|Exactly the same .
Two thousand years later , people in Hong Kong and Singapore still orient their homes and businesses using the rules of feng shui . Tall buildings have taken the place of mountains and hills , and streets flowing with traffiic now function as rivers . A famous example of the continuing use of feng shui in the modern world is at the Hyatt hotel in Singapore . Soon after the hotel opened business was not so good . A feng shui master was called in .|He advised angling the doors toward the fast moving flow of cars in front of the hotel , so as to catch the chi forces better , and to build a gurgling fountain in front to bring in auspicious chi .
He advised angling the doors toward the fast moving flow of cars in front of the hotel , so as to catch the chi forces better , and to build a gurgling fountain in front to bring in auspicious chi .|Sure enough , soon thereafter business boomed .
A hat .|One that can strip a magical being of their powers .
" You have to be patient . "|" We can say anything after the occupation . "
There is a key to understanding the Chinese concept of a city , and it can be found on this 12th century scroll depicting the bustling capital city of Kaifeng .|Going back to the yellow river valley , Archaeologists have found ancient wells shaped like a square . These wells are quite literally the roots of Chinese civilization .
" Let 's change things a little at a time . "|Step by step ? Are you kidding ?
During the Tang dynasty , Chang 'an 's careful planning clearly reflected the gridiron layouts of earlier Chinese imperial cities . Its plan was widely copied for many other capital cities in East Asia , including Nara in Japan .|Measuring 84 square kilometers , the city was large even by modern standards . About the size of New York City . At its peak , over a million people lived within its massive walls .
It 's the only way to force her to tell us where Anna is . So this is about Elsa 's sister ? Why are you so invested in a girl you 've never even met ?|Because a hero always helps strangers .
Now keep watch . I 'll call out to you if I need your help .|Grand Pabbie ?
Your chairs just got bigger .|Let me make this clear . You 're inconsequential . You won 't change the world .
Citizens lived in walled compounds , and they were subject to strict supervision .|They were forbidden to leave the wards after curfew . Guards stationed in police posts located at junctions of the avenues enforced compliance .
Grand Pabbie , it 's me !|Ooh , Anna , my dear , you 're back !
Have you come to tell us the new wedding date ? I have been working on my speech . Not yet . But we can get into that later . First , I want you to meet my friend , Belle .|She 's come a long way to see you .
No , Takayama hasn 't shown himself . They 're having lunch now .|If they 're really after weapons , shouldn 't weapon makers be courting them ? But they 're very relaxed .
Tell Mr. Hiroi Takayama is here . Yes , sir .|Well this is the model MS. 34 caliber . Firing speed 208 meters .
The imperial city was the administrative heart of the empire .|Within its large walled enclosure were government offiices of both civil and military functions , headquarters of imperial guards and the spectacular palaces of the imperial family .
Your wife will be sad ... without these jewels .|When we succeed we get back all our land and estates .
All I need is a moment alone with Pabbie . I 'll be quick .|PABBIE : What can I help you with , dear ? ANNA : Some woman claims to be my aunt .
With these imports came something that would change China forever : Rumors of a new immortal called Sakyamuni : The Buddha . In 67 AD the emperor had a dream about a golden flying holy man .|So he sent offiicials to India to find out more about this new immortal .
When do you think the ship can depart ? I 'll let you know the sailing date .|Our everyday business depends on you .
What do you want ?|Your husband went to the bar downstairs .
So ?|I thought I 'd give this to you .
An endless variety of pagodas were built in China , and eventually the original meaning as a shrine containing a holy relic was diminished .|In China the pagoda evolved into both a practical watch tower and a defense against evil spirits .
Then it 's better to retain your considerable fortune and remain in Japan .|Am I right ? You 're good at reading people 's minds . Yep . And you don 't love your husband .
Destroyed in the last century ; it is still remembered today as one of the great wonders of the world during the middle ages . Its fame inspired countless imitations in European gardens , like this pagoda in the royal gardens at Kew in England .|When Yongle moved his capital to from Nanjing to Beijing , he envisioned a magnificent shining city rising out of the plain , built on the spot where Khubilai Khan had set his winter capital . At its center would be the imperial city , facing south , and just south of the city would be a fabulous temple at which he could pray to heaven .
But this is his masterpiece : The Temple of Heaven .|The whole park was designed to create a dialogue between man and heaven ; a dialogue transmitted through the emperor with his Mantle and mandate of Heaven . Here , at the winter solstice , the emperor performed his most important task : To pay homage and to report to Heaven on the state of the realm .
The 4 central columns represent the seasons ; the 24 outer columns stand for the 12 months and 12 hours into which the Chinese divided the day .|Detailed decorations highlight the dragon , symbol of the emperor , and the phoenix , symbol of the empress .
Everything 's ready to move the weapons from the plant to the warehouse .|But I need your help getting them on the ship .
The Temple of the Universe housed the tablets of the Ancestors , and the incredible acoustics of the courtyard highlight the precision of its construction .|A clap on the third of the three stones in front of the altar produces three echoes , two on the second , and one on the first , much to the delight of tourists .
I can 't pull myself up .|Just hold on , I 'll be right there ! Belle , hurry , please !
I have to move them fast .|We have to be careful . The revolutionaries have an agent here that 's got lots of pull .
We have to be careful . The revolutionaries have an agent here that 's got lots of pull .|Even if we get the goods across they 'll make a lot of trouble for me if they get wind of it .
I want to consult you .|I need some money ... in dollars , of course .
He 's too damn close . What ? He using a girl who works at the plant .|Do you want to hear more ? Tell me more .
When 's the delivery date ?|I think it 's soon . They 're having us work overtime now .
The clearer the sound , the higher the quality .|So where do we get this word porcelain ? Where does that word come from ? "
Please ! Please , stop . Everyone sees you for what you really are , Belle .|A pathetic coward .
No it 's okay . You gave me some the other day . But you 're the only bread winner . You must need it . Here .|What ?
He 's no different from any Japanese .|But people look at us strangely .
You truly believe that 's real ?|Deep down , you know what kind of beast you 're dealing with .
On this piece , two fish appear to be whispering into the ears of a human head wearing what might be a shaman 's headdress .|The marks around the rim were probably meant to orient the pot for ritual use .
The marks around the rim were probably meant to orient the pot for ritual use .|Despite its fragility , pottery is often the only material to survive the ravages of time , and reveal valuable clues to the nature of vanished cultures .
We have to leave .| No ! Let me go ! You don 't know what you 're doing ! No !
I 'm the reason that Anna 's missing .|I didn 't want anyone to know , until I could make things right and save Anna .
I didn 't want anyone to know , until I could make things right and save Anna .|But I couldn 't . I failed .
You forgive me ? Of course I forgive you .|Thank you for telling me everything .
Thank you for understanding .|I never should 've kept a secret from you .
One of the favorite uses of celadon in China was as teacups and the green color was thought to accentuate the green color of the Chinese tea and supposedly it actually made it taste better .|Celadon plates were particularly prized by the sultans of Turkey , who thought they were magical , and would crack if poisoned food were served on them probably a pretty useful item at the sometimes dangerous Turkish court . "
Far removed from the changes sweeping through modern China , the villagers here were making Celadon for the Chinese court as early as the 10th century . Nine centuries later , that tradition lives on .|Each member of the community contributes a different element of the craft , perfected over many generations .
You were right , Father . I should 've just left things alone .|That trip was a huge mistake . No . I 'm the one who 's made the mistake , Belle .
Hi . Sorry to call you out . You must be busy .|You look down .
I know what happened during the ogre attack .|Wait . What ? I didn 't want to add to your grief .
The traditions of Cheng Lu village are passed from generation to generation with little or no change ... save for the occasional satellite dish .|Who knows whether these children will carry on the legacy of their ancestors , or if the attractions of modern life will lure them away from the ancient craft of celadon making .
Who knows whether these children will carry on the legacy of their ancestors , or if the attractions of modern life will lure them away from the ancient craft of celadon making .|In Chinese these green celadon wares are called simply , well ... green ! In the west we call them ' celadon' and how they got that name is a pretty interesting little story .
In Chinese these green celadon wares are called simply , well ... green ! In the west we call them ' celadon' and how they got that name is a pretty interesting little story .|Celadon was the hero of the French stage romance , ' L 'Astree ' , which was all the rage in Paris in the early 17th century .
Celadon was the hero of the French stage romance , ' L 'Astree ' , which was all the rage in Paris in the early 17th century .|It was about this time that Chinese green ware made its debut in Paris . People compared the color to Celadon 's suit and started to call the green ware 'Celadon . '
Wait . What ? I didn 't want to add to your grief .|When the ogres stormed the library where you and your mother had been working , the guards heard the commotion . They rushed in , they saw the ogres were about to attack . But your mother , she ...
I knew being a hostess was too much for you .|Actually , I was fired .
Then I 'll have to pay you compensation .|Yes , until I find another job . Can you lend me 4,000 yen ? Sure thing .
Do you have any leads ?|I think I can manage . Thanks . Don 't get too desperate .
Oh ? That 's too bad .|When you finally took off your sunglasses ...
We need someone who can stop them once and for all . And who would that be ?|On my journey , I did some reading . And , well , there 's a wizard .
On my journey , I did some reading . And , well , there 's a wizard .|A powerful , powerful wizard who may just help us . His name is ... I know his name .
Kuroki ?|A guy named Sam just called .
A guy named Sam just called .|He said Hiromi hasn 't come home for 3 days .
Trust me , Belle , if we do ... I know . Magic always comes with a price .|But if Mother 's death taught me anything , it 's that sometimes a hero has to sacrifice everything to save the people they love .
The emperor Huizong brought these distinguished artistic tastes to the dragon throne in Kaifeng , in the year 1100 .|Here at his palace , he amassed a legendary collection of art treasures from every corner of his realm .
But if Mother 's death taught me anything , it 's that sometimes a hero has to sacrifice everything to save the people they love .|And I will do whatever I can to save our land .
This glaze later becomes transparent when fired , to reveal the intricate designs painted underneath .|During firing , the cobalt would turn a rich shade of blue , like a butterfly magically emerging from a cocoon .
The mystique of Chinese ceramics affected many Southeast Asian cultures . The Dayaks of Indonesia so cherished a Chinese glazed mataban jar as a family heirloom , that Dayak men in debt would sometimes sell a family member into slavery rather than part with the jar .|As far away the Philippines , Chinese ceramics were included as burial objects , a testament to their importance in ancient Filipino culture .
I can 't make any promises over who may or may not survive .|You know , you were wrong before .
Over the centuries many Chinese junks went down in the waters off southeast Asia , and when salvaged today their cargoes of blue and white porcelain fetch millions of dollars at auction houses around the world .|These are pieces of Ming blue and white that were found in a 15th century ... Chinese shipwreck near Ayuttayah , the ancient capital of Thailand . Who knows , perhaps they were part of an order placed by the King of Siam that never made it to the palace .
But I love Hiromi .|I 'll wait for her until she comes home .
Looks like you 've just lost your leverage , dearie .|Anna . It 's time to wake up , dear .
Wait . What ? You were planning to use this to strip away her magic . No , that 's not why I had it . Really ? Then why didn 't you tell Elsa about it ? Because I didn 't know how to tell her the truth .|I found it with a man that our parents sought out . They went to him looking for a way to strip Elsa of the thing that makes her special . And you 're following in their footsteps . I wasn 't going to use it on her . I wasn 't going to use it on anybody , until you attacked me .
I 've forgotten about the Russian restaurant .|But you must forget I was here , too .
And the porcelain rush was on . In the sixteenth century , Portugal , Holland , England and France all fought for the right to import the marvelous Chinese porcelain .|But Europeans were still eating off wooden trenchers and the wealthy off pewter and silver plates .
This began to change in the early 17th century however , as more and more Chinese porcelain was shipped directly to Europe .|Suddenly , this new luxury began to show up in the homes of the wealthy .
Every European royal family had to have a ' porcelain room ' in their palace .|In 1635 the Dutch began sending drawings as well as models to China to be copied .
However , as almost every example was deformed during firing , it is no surprise that production ended after his death .|Meanwhile , in China , ceramic art reached a high standard of technical perfection during the Qing dynasty , when the influx of technology and art from the west began having a significant impact on the Chinese ceramic industry .
Meanwhile , in China , ceramic art reached a high standard of technical perfection during the Qing dynasty , when the influx of technology and art from the west began having a significant impact on the Chinese ceramic industry .|Emperor Kangxi , who reigned for sixty one years , was fascinated by Western science and culture . And so he allowed Jesuit missionaries to join his court as advisors .
Emperor Kangxi , who reigned for sixty one years , was fascinated by Western science and culture . And so he allowed Jesuit missionaries to join his court as advisors .|These priests introduced new enamels and western painting styles to the imperial potters .
These priests introduced new enamels and western painting styles to the imperial potters .|Two of these Jesuits were ordered by the emperor to work in the imperial enamel workshops .
And now , I suppose I have to find someone else to take your place .|The Snow Queen is your aunt ? According to this heraldry book I found in the library .
Her name is Ingrid . I didn 't even know my mother had any sisters . I 'm as surprised as you are . Well , spend a little more time in this town , love , you 'll realize just about everyone 's related .|This book traces the lineage in Arendelle for generations .
This book traces the lineage in Arendelle for generations .|That 's Gerda . My mother . And this is Helga , my other aunt .
You go to the hotel and bring Sudan to the warehouse .|The ship sails tonight but anything could happen . So tell them they 're on stand by .
Let him be .|If we have him locked up for today , the job will be done .
If we have him locked up for today , the job will be done .|Then he won 't matter .
Let 's go .|You remain here .
You remain here .|No need for you to say goodbye to Sudan .
Don 't move . I 'll shoot if you run . Raise your hands and come here . Then open this door .|Hurry up .
You need to get them on ship quickly . You should start now . Why ? What happened ? The decoy trucks were attacked .|It 's very dangerous . I see . But what ' happened to my wife ?
The sword of the Japanese samurai warrior .|A weapon of mythical strength and lethal effectiveness .
A weapon of mythical strength and lethal effectiveness .|But each unique samurai sword is also an artifact . A crystallized piece of Japanese history and culture . Frozen forever . Captured in steel .
Women will weaken your fighting spirit against the revolutionary forces . You have to hurry .|It 's certain they were taken out of the plant .
So in the year 1900 Dr. Nitobe wrote a book in English called Bushido the code of the samurai . He wrote that this warrior code became the credo by which most Japanese lived their lives . And , he wrote , just as the code of the samurai is the soul of Japan , the sword is the soul of the samurai .|For Dr. Nitobe , the sword is a work of art that represents the soul of the samurai . But originally the sword was not the samurai 's weapon of choice . In the beginning , they fought from horseback . And their skill was with the bow and arrow . They lived by a code called " kyuba no michi " : The way of the Horse and Bow .
Are you sure this is the warehouse ?|Excuse me .
Were you eloping with the reporter ? No . I was afraid of staying here . So I was just getting out of here .|Please help me .
And so emperor Temmu made a fateful decision . He dissolved his ineffective national army .|Instead he ordered local chieftains to create bands of elite mounted warriors to enforce his authority in rural areas , and to challenge the northern tribes .
Who harmed her ? Who made Hiromi like this ? Who did it ?|Sam !
The word samurai means ' to serve ' , and this is how they began : As warriors serving the emperor .|While the imperial court prayed to the gods for their success , the mounted warriors rode out to hunt down the proud barbarians of the north . Once and for all ...
Yeah , all right , maybe . That would be nice .|Okay .
Excuse me , hi . It might be better if you stayed . The cardiologist is gonna have ... ... questions and instructions for you and your husband . I 'm not Lee 's wife. I 'm his therapist . Are you a doctor ?|I am his satisfaction facilitator .
You remember me ?|I pointed a gun at you .
I pointed a gun at you .|I 've never seen you before in my life .
One day standing in his doorway , Amakuni noticed that the warriors returning from battle were carrying broken swords . Ones that he had forged .|The emperor himself passed by and frowned at the disgraced smith .
You too .|Do you need any help with the snakes ?
Next he lengthened the block into a blade , and gave the sword a curve to make it slice more effectively on the downward stroke from horseback .|What he did next is one of the secrets of the samurai sword . He covered the body of the sword with clay , and left only the edge exposed . He then plunged the hot blade into water .
I didn 't know that Grace 's seat wasn 't clicked in . I would never do anything to hurt my child .|Did you do this on purpose ?
Mr. Anderson ... . Does Judy drink alcohol ?|No. I mean , she has a glass of wine now and then . Why ?
I was surprised when Maicho newspapers fired you .|I think it was your Japanese comrades that brought you down .
The capital was moved to the sacred city of Kyoto where Kammu , the 50th emperor of Japan built a magnificent new palace an impressive symbol of imperial authority .|But while the samurai gained in power , imperial power gradually weakened .
What about drugs ?|No . What 's this all about ?
You just have to use the system to profit . I 'm a lone wolf that will go where the food is .|Severe , lonely and romantic .
Severe , lonely and romantic .|Doesn 't that describe me ?
Don 't scream .|What does lone wolf do in this instance ?
How admirable of you . You two are suited to each other .|I 'll return this . Let her go .
First commanders would gallop out and proudly announce their ancestry , proclaim their greatness as warriors , and then throw the vilest insult they could think of at their opponent . Next they shot their arrows and charged each other , hoping to dispatch their foe with a single stroke of their sword .|Onlooking warriors would not stain the honor of the combatants by lending any help .
Look , I don 't know . I appreciate your concern , really . There 's nothing wrong with me .|I 've had a rough day ... ... and I just wanna take my baby home and get some rest .
It may change the world a bit .|Wait .
This obscure temple hides a little known relic that speaks volumes about the place of honor given to samurai who committed ritual suicide .|A group of samurai failed to defend a castle for their lord . Rather than accept defeat , 384 of them committed suicide in the main hall of the castle .
What 's wrong with me ?|What 's the last thing you remember ?
Aren 't you just wandering in the black fog ?|Do you want to see the bottom ?
Suicide was a rational and practical choice , preferable to the dishonor that would doom not only a samurai himself but also his family and descendants to a brutal life of a peasant , or a highway robber .|The samurai were trained from childhood to welcome an honorable death .
I don 't need your help .|I see . Don 't you want to know what happens to today 's weapon ?
Let me see what I can find out . Okay ?|Okay .
A bubble in a stream .|In his warrior 's mind , the very point of living was a noble death .
Really ?|Your husband has to undergo an angioplasty . We insert a catheter into a blood vessel in his leg ... ... and use it to inflate a balloon that will hopefully open the blockage .
Don 't you want it for yourselves ?|What do you mean ? I know when and where they will be unloaded .
He chose the easily defended town of Kamakura , far from Kyoto and its court intrigues , to be his headquarters .|Yoritomo built this giant Buddha , now famous throughout the world , but his real legacy was the code that he required his warriors to follow . He ordered his samurai to live lives of simple frugality , to have no fear of death and to serve him , their absolute master , with unswerving loyalty .
Are you okay ?|What the hell happened to King Funshine ?
What the hell happened to King Funshine ?|Did you get hit by lightning again ?
The Mongols were surprised , however at the desperate strength of the samurai , and their sharp swords that somehow cut through their armor like a knife through butter .|And then suddenly , a terrible storm swept into the bay . Their fleet was destroyed by a typhoon .
I think it 's worth it even considering the price . How about it ?|I 'll bite .
Here 's your change .|Okay , let 's get you on a cardiac monitor . CBC , chem panel , EKG , CPK , troponin , UA and myoglobin ... . I realize that , I 'm sure he is . But this isn 't about me or him , or you . It 's about the welfare of a mother and her child . You will ? Great . Thank you so much . Psych attending will assess Judy Anderson . If Dr. Wakita asks , you agree with my assessment , right ? Yeah , you got it .
I don 't trust anyone . Who can betray me ?|You 'll betray yourself .
The samurai sword had at last been perfected .|Japanese swordsmiths all began to copy Masamune 's methods . The swords made by the master smith Muramasa , in particular , were legendary for the sharpness of their cutting edge .
Army Intelligence Influence Persists|The revolutionaries have taken over our ship , and found that the goods were shipped from Japan .
The samurai with their code of honor could not be expected to undertake these covert tasks . To fill this niche there flourished in the small mountain village of Iga a group of secret warriors .|The powers of the Ninja have been shrouded in a mystique of incredible proportions .
A weapon that would end forever the dominance of the classical warrior . In 1542 , a Chinese junk arrived on the shores of Japan . On board were three Portuguese who became the first westerners to land on Japanese soil . They were strange and exotic , but what really caught the attention of the Japanese were the guns that they carried .|The samurai understood immediately that guns threatened their very existence . Their forefathers always had known who they killed and who defeated them . With guns , how could they prove their valor to their lord ?
The samurai understood immediately that guns threatened their very existence . Their forefathers always had known who they killed and who defeated them . With guns , how could they prove their valor to their lord ?|How could he reward courage ? Even lowly merchants and peasants could fight with these cowardly weapons .
Dorsey Watson .|Greg Pratt .
Our mail contains only threats to us .|So I 'm asking you what you 're going to do ?
Are you asking me to take responsibility ? That 's the boss 's prerogative .|I 'm going to keep writing . no matter what .
I never liked Lou . Guy 's a jerk . It 's a good thing you found out early .|I don 't wanna freeze my eggs or buy milk on the Internet . I wanted to breastfeed .
I don 't wanna freeze my eggs or buy milk on the Internet . I wanted to breastfeed .|This is a little bit of Neosporin .
This is a little bit of Neosporin .|Aren 't you afraid you 'll wind up the auntie ?
I 'm going to keep writing . no matter what .|But I won 't be fired .
I 've found even this little paper is useful . It 's not your newspaper . I 'm saying no one can stop me .|I 'm not the kid I was ten years ago .
I think Cambodian kids are cute . You know what I meant . Stephanie , if all goes well , you 'll get the reconstruction . You 'll have an uneventful recovery and a perfectly normal life . That 's doctor talk . You don 't get it .|My mother 's sister died of breast cancer . So did my grandmother .
My mother 's sister died of breast cancer . So did my grandmother .|And you ?
You can 't get rid of me that easily .|No one 's saying they 're firing you . But I have my position ... So you do as you wish .
Hey , who are these clowns ? We are not putting on a show for you . What the hell is wrong with you ? Get the hell out of here .|The woman who answered Jason 's phone was his wife .
You 're the living ad for political suicide .|I don 't know what you 're getting at .
The statue is gone . All that remains of it is this piece of the Buddha 's nose . But the enormous bell , famous throughout Japan , is still here .|The tolling of this great bell signaled the end of social mobility in Japan .
But today rather than yesterday ... tomorrow rather than today .|You always have to be forward looking . How you get on depends on your outlook .
From this time forward one had to be born a samurai to wear the sword . Never again would a peasant rise up to usurp power , as Hideyoshi himself had done .|Hideyoshi 's next project was to build a formidable castle at Osaka designed to guard his legacy .
I was thinking we could get something to eat . You know , maybe catch a movie or something . No , I haven 't seen that one yet .|All right , cool. I 'll meet you out front . Hey . How are you doing , Greg ?
What do you mean ?|Don 't ask me . Ask yourself .
The invasion did not go well .|Meanwhile , the third unifier , Ieyasu Tokugawa , a powerful lord who traced his ancestry to the first Shogun Yoritomo , pulled back to his own provinces during Hideyoshi 's invasion of China and bided his time , strengthening his position .
Then what would you like to do ?|I would like for you to leave me alone .
There 's no reason for us to fight . But we 're at a crossroad .|We have to choose one path .
Hideyoshi had made Tokugawa swear to be loyal to his heir . An oath that Tokugawa broke when he attacked the heir 's forces at Osaka castle .|Despite its massive walls the castle was no match for Tokugawa 's superior siege guns and cannon .
Tokugawa in his turn , became lord of all Japan .|The last and greatest of the three generals had finally brought the bloody civil wars to an end .
Yes , I 'll give you Takayama 's address .|So let me go to America .
So let me go to America .|Do you believe me ?
Please sedate him . I have to assess his neural status first .|Taking the HemoCue . BONETTl : Gaaah ! Process the spinal films before you take the rest .
Everything turned out just like the reporter predicted .|No one was supposed to double cross me .
It was my mistake to fall in love with you .|Yes , this is Takayama .
During this long peace the samurai fought an increasingly desperate battle to keep their identities , their reason for being .|Mock battles were held at the foot of Mt . Fuji . Martial arts such as kendo flourished in the absence of real war .
Is this the revolutionary official ? You can have Marin . Of course , certainly .|She just left .
The shogun 's government began to build the entire society on the rhetoric of warrior ideals .|Bushido became not just the way of the samurai , but the way of Japan .
Okay , look , I consider you , Pratt , Morris , every resident , every student here ... ... an investment in the future . My dividend comes when something that I 've taught you saves a life . That 's it . You should really consider surgery as an elective .|Well , why do you say that ? Because you 're quick to cut and you like to use a scalpel more than your brain . stephanie : Come in .
Lou .|I heard what happened .
I don 't have time to argue . I have a ship to catch .|If you want the info , come to Landfill 4 .
Hi . Come in . Sit down .|Chocolate .
If you want the info , come to Landfill 4 .|Don 't be late . You 'll be sorry .
The 47 ronin were buried here next to the tomb of their lord . And their graves have become something of a shrine to Bushido . But was the code of Bushido also laid to rest here ? Well , yes and no .|Soon after the death of the 47 ronin , centuries of peace had finally turned the samurai into petty bureaucrats .
We should really get back . Have you always been such a worrier ?|I 've always had things to worry about .
Money raised in this fashion was called ' namida no kane or ' the money of tears ' .|Faced with the threat of Western domination , the Japanese knew that they had to iscard the old ways and adopt the new as quickly as possible .
The samurai were ordered to cut off their topknots . Their swords were confiscated . Their traditions and privileges were revoked .|But the samurai had ruled Japan for more than a millennium . Bushido would be far from forgotten .
You think it was science , don 't you ?|I 've seen deeply religious people come into the hospital . Prayer did nothing for them . And then I 've seen plenty of skeptics ...
... experience miraculous recoveries .|So you think it was fate ?
It was Halloween night . I was Buffalo Bob , and I had the real cowhide vest . It was 1960 , and I lived in Holden , Kentucky .|I loved Zagnut bars , and my sister Ellen loved Baby Ruth bars . My brother Tuggah loved everything . I don 't love Halloween anymore .
I think ... .|I 'm glad we 're both here able to wonder about it .
Part of the legacy of Bushido is the universal politeness and mutual respect so characteristic of Japanese society .|Time and again , the Japanese have turned to their samurai past in defining their national identity .
BLAlRE : Do you miss Croatia ? I have family there . But there are more opportunities for me here . I like Chicago . Except the winter sucks . Yeah , you can always go inside and warm up .|You know how I keep asking you about the accident ?
You know how I keep asking you about the accident ?|It 's because I keep having these flashes that don 't add up . What kind of flashes ?
I know it isn 't very ... long .|Harry , that ... that 's a powerful story .
Everywhere you look amazing images fight for your attention ... Bright lights , comics books , advertisements , and posters ... This is the graphic art for which Japan is justly famous .|It 's an art which has it 's roots in one of the most dynamic periods of Japan 's past ...
In the Bustling capital city of Edo , later to be known as Tokyo , artists and artisans were busy creating items for trade .|In Edo , most woodblock prints were things to be admired and then thrown away like comics books or newspapers today .
And so discarded prints were sometimes used to pack ceramics for export to America and Europe .|This is how Japanese woodblock prints first found their way into the oriental curiosity shops of London and Paris .
And fluoxetine in at 201 9 .|Let 's get her up to CT . As soon as I get a portable monitor .
I always loved your writing .|There you go .
There you go .|Believe it or not , I wish you all the best .
Believe it or not , I wish you all the best .|Christy .
I play drums .|Heh . Yeah , I 'm serious . Like : That 's my marching band . We won the nationals .
Heh . Yeah , I 'm serious . Like : That 's my marching band . We won the nationals .|Turning into pooh , pooh , pooh , and then we ... .
I wish you the best too .|Al ? Get out of here . Al , you all right ?
In a way all my work is founded on Japanese art ... "|But Van Gogh understood Japanese culture just about as much as he could read Japanese writing not at all .
Blaire ?|Blaire , open your eyes .
Blaire , open your eyes .|Maybe she 's postictal .
Maybe she 's postictal .|Or the Ativan didn 't wear off .
Al ? Get out of here . Al , you all right ?|Just go home . Are you okay ?
Just go home . Are you okay ?|Jesus Christ . What happened to you ?
Jesus Christ . What happened to you ?|I 'm fine . You 're not fine . You look like crap . Go on . What the hell 's going on ? What happened to you ? Ah , shit . Al , Al , Al !
You sound fine .|Now , you want to tell me what the fuck is going on ? You heard what 's going on .
Luka , there is no way to know why she fell back into this .|Yeah .
Now , you want to tell me what the fuck is going on ? You heard what 's going on .|It 's cancer .
I have to go . Are you okay ?|The state conservator agreed to admit Blaire to the hospital ... ... for two days to see if there 's any improvement . If not , she 'll go back to the nursing home .
Do me a favor .|Close the door on your way out .
Naturally , this created tension ...|The Yoshiwara pleasure district was built as a kind of pressure valve to release this class tension , as a place where the merchants were allowed the pursuit of pleasure and conspicuous consumption , and where they had some status and respect . Built outside of the city literally floating on a swamp , with the only access by a long wooden walkway lit by lamps at night , the floating world was a separate reality , cut off from the rest of feudal Japan .
This district , and the stylish life lived within was called ukiyo , or the floating world .|The concept of Ukiyo comes from Buddhism . Buddhism teaches that life , worldly pleasures , and desires are transient .
What 's holding your attention on this little screen ? Uh , here , look .|I could send you the clip if you want it . Yeah , you do that .
They pulled a gun ...|... and dragged your mom ... .
What about your waffles ?|I 'm not hungry. I got a stomachache .
Just think about it , eh ? You know how to think , don 't you ?|Marisol Breslin .
You can 't come back here , sir .|Hey !
Congratulations , Marisol . Hector de la Fuente .|That idiot always schedules these goddamn things on a Friday . Maureen Kelly . We can 't send diplomas in the mail ?
Some western artists misunderstood this and thought it was a revolutionary approach to composition .|Edgar Degas , for one adapted the practice chopping off horses and buggies at the edges .
Edgar Degas , for one adapted the practice chopping off horses and buggies at the edges .|Once the ink block had been carved it then went to the printer who produced a number of black and white prints .
Hey .|I like your picture , okay ? I think we should keep it .
That idiot always schedules these goddamn things on a Friday . Maureen Kelly . We can 't send diplomas in the mail ?|How long have you worked here , Alice ? I went here . Wow . Harry Dunning ! Harry !
Try to stay still , okay ?|Call for another rig .
How long have you worked here , Alice ? I went here . Wow . Harry Dunning ! Harry !|All right . Harry !
All right . In order to bring this ER into the 21 st century ... ... we 'll be introducing new equipment and new procedures on a regular basis . Now , first up ... ... my lovely assistant will demonstrate the patient communication board . No more pens and paper . This will make everyone 's life easier . From now on , intubated patients can point , circle or mark ... ... any questions or requests they have . Beautifully done . Next up , will be the Freedom Splint . The federal regulations are discouraging the use of wrist restraints ... ... which , by the way , should be checked every 1 0 minutes .|What 's so funny , Barnett ?
Using the ink block as a base , he used the color blocks to transfer the colors one at a time to produce the final print .|Once the artist had approved the specimen print and made any needed corrections , printing got underway in earnest .
Once the artist had approved the specimen print and made any needed corrections , printing got underway in earnest .|The process of making a thousand or so copies might take three weeks to a month of intense concentrated work .
What 's so funny , Barnett ?|Uh , I just find that hard to believe . There 's quite a few cases of patients unattended for a few hours ... ... who have lost hands to ischemia . Therefore , we are gonna start using the Freedom Splint . Any volunteers ? Volunteers . Any volunteers ?
You made all this when you were back there ? Here 's the most important thing .|Sports stats ? Yeah , baseball and boxing mostly . This is how you survived ? You spent all your time back there gambling ? That , and there was a butcher I liked on Main Street . How do you think I keep my prices here so low ? That 's what you 've been feeding me ? I 've been eating hamburgers from 1960 ? Yeah .
Some townspeople took to gluing these new beautifully colored prints to the supporting pillars in their homes .|An artist named Harunobu ingeniously responded to this vogue by producing tall and narrow pillar prints .
Here Harunobu takes advantage of the height of the format by using the uprights of the fence and house to emphasize it and he place the two figures one over the other .|The greatest master of the pillar print was Isoda Koryusai .
I have to think about all this .|What 's there to think about ?
And what a waste of fucking time . What ? I can see how this is gonna go . " Oh , my car needs an oil change . " " Got to give a ... Give a big test . " " Got to go take a nap . " Anything to avoid doing something real in your life . Al , this is ... I 've been up all night listening to fucking crazy ... I thought maybe for once ... This is fucking crazy ! You might do something , not just talk about it . Just because you wasted your life on this , it doesn 't mean that I have to .|You little shit .
The grey lines of his collar lead down to his twisting hands , expressing his grief , resignation , and his awful decision .|However for some Sharaku was too good ... Critics of the time wrote that he : " Was skillful at the depiction of their facial features and their habitual expressions , but he destroyed their appeal , and the actors came to resent him . " After all , nobody likes a harsh critic
It 's okay , Sydney . You 're safe now .|Your parents are coming to get you , and nobody can hurt you here .
But human nature is human nature , you know , people want to live a new way , they want to better their position in life . And this media , this medium was one way in which those ideas were really , really circulated .|This went on for a hundred years the battle went back and forth between people trying to better themselves , and the government trying to say ' you will stay as you are ' .
Well , tell him to stop by . I 'll buy him a beer .|Hey , this guy just looked at me .
Come on , baby .|Hey , Luka ! Sydney ?
There you go , chicken . It 's on the house .|Hey , guy down at the car lot said this was a place somebody could make a wager . Not from around here , are you ? No , uh ... James Amberson . I 'm in town on a little business . I 'm gonna be here for a while . What are you looking to make a bet on ? Fight of the week , Sanchez versus Jofre . Jofre to win . 3 to 1 odds . 3 to 1 ? That 's it ? Yeah , that 's it . Want to make it interesting ? Name the round . Okay . What if I said Jofre 'll knock him out in sixth round ? Ah , I 'd say 35 to 1 . Wow . 35 to 1 ? Hell , I 'll make that bet .
Did you just win a 35 to 1 bet ? Yeah . Guess I 'm lucky . Guess so .|All right , thank you , Little Eddie . Count it . No , it 's okay . I trust you . Count it . Make sure it 's all there .
He perfectly captures the role and personality of this onnagata , with the effeminate hand gesture , and his pursed lips , with an economy of line that is nothing short of astounding .|Sharaku produced 140 astonishing prints in a mere 10 months , land disappeared completely . Tsutaya died two years later without revealing Sharaku 's identity or what happened to him . It was rumored that he was murdered by an enraged kabuki actor .
You 're being paranoid . Okay , people make bets all the time . Those guys , they win and lose every night . All right ? You 're being paranoid .|Oh , no . Oh , no . Oh , no .
Oh , no . Oh , no . Oh , no .|Shit .
Only the most wealthy and favored could ever hope to have women like these entertain them in a teahouse , and this was the heart of the problem for the authorities .|'When your status in society began to be measured by the elegant courtesan you could buy instead of by your birthright , which is a feudal way of structuring a society , when you status began to be measured that way , boy , the end was in sight for the structure . So these prints I feel were very very much an important part of that . '
The foremost of these was Kitagawa Utamaro . Utamaro 's portraits offer profound psychological insight into the women of the Yoshiwara .|He was fascinated with women in all of their guises , but simultaneously reduced all of them to an ideal type .
He was fascinated with women in all of their guises , but simultaneously reduced all of them to an ideal type .|Utamaro was the man who loved women . He was the only artist who was able to express the deep and often confused emotions and the unhappy lives of the women who lived in the floating world .
I 've put everything I know into those files .|You 're gonna feel apart from other people .
Here she is portrayed just another pretty face on the arm of a local celebrity . But when Utamaro portrayed her , she 's no longer just a teahouse waitress . She 's Ingrid Bergman , she 's Marilyn Monroe . He turns her into an icon . A distant and enigmatic beauty , aware of the impression she is creating on the men who see her .|Utamaro was trying through his drawings of idealized females to somehow capture the essence of beauty , happiness and desire . He was trying to find the meaning of life and love in the heart of the floating world , a heart which was ultimately , empty . At the end of his life a disillusioned Utamaro produced a series of drawings satirizing the very men who had created the inflexible shogunate . He was arrested and taken away in wooden handcuffs . His spirit broken , he died just two years later . With his death , the classic age of the woodblock print drew to a close .
Hey , does this look like a subdural to you ?|Right here .
You shouldn 't be here .|He argued with Mr. Khrushchev in the kitchen , it is true , pointing out that while we may be behind in space , we were ahead in color television . Freedom is not communism .
What happened to your nose ? Kovac . He hit you ? No , but I bet he would 've liked to have .|You know , the last time I got one of these ... ... was when Tina Marino caught me with her cousin . Let me see . Let me see .
I 'm really sorry about the little girl .|Me too .
Okay .|Henry , don 't eat with your fingers .
In all it is a brilliant comment on the values of ukiyo the fleeting impermanence of life .|Hokusai 's deep devotion to his art is reflected perhaps most vividly in his sketchbooks . He said of himself : Since I was six years old , I 've been obsessed with drawing the forms of things . I had produced a great number of pictures , but nothing I did before seventy is worth anything .
Hey , Kerry . Have you found someone to replace Susan as chief of the ER ? We 're still looking at candidates . is , uh , Clemente the favorite ? He 's certainly up there . Why ? I 'm just not sure he 's the right person for the job . Yeah , well , if you think of somebody better , feel free to give me a call . Uh , what about me ?|You ? I didn 't think you wanted to be chief .
When I reach eighty , I will have made some progress ; at ninety , I will have reached the deep meaning of things ; at one hundred , my work will be marvelous and at one hundred and ten , every dot and line will become truly alive .|He died at the age 89 , calling himself an ' old man mad for drawing ' .
George de Mohrenschildt , Russian expat . He 's educated , charming , rich , belongs to the Dallas Petroleum Club , and in 1962 , he becomes Lee 's best friend . We heard there was a couple , moved here from ... Russia , and they were having a very bad time , financially , and so I went to see them . Tell me , Jake , why is this guy hanging out in Lee 's shitty apartment ? They 're swingers ?|Lee had taken the cigarette from her and had put it out on her shoulder . If Oswald had a handler , it was him . All right , hold on . You lost me . A handler ? What ... what does that mean ? George told Oswald to shoot Kennedy ? If Lee was set up , then George was the only guy who could 've done it . You need to cross off that possibility . All right , and if I do that , then what ? Then you kill Oswald .
Uh , Al Templeton . I don 't see that name here . Oh , I 'm a guest of George de Mohrenschildt . He doesn 't like my name on any lists . I assure you he 'll be very upset if I don 't make this appointment .|Thank you .
Thank you .|Yes , a little bit . I 'll take one of those .
The hell with this . Go home .|See you later .
Eve , I thought it was a great idea . I really did .|This department needs a lot of work . This department needs a kick in the ass .
So George de Mohrenschildt might be an informant , might work for Russia . He 's got interests in Haiti , pals around with Duvalier ; who knows what else . He told a reporter in 1977 that it was the CIA who gave him Oswald 's address .|And then he was asked to testify in front of the House Committee on Assassinations .
The view from here at Edo castle used to overlook the samurai residential district , a view that was captured by Hiroshige in this print .|In those days , and still today , fish kites were flown to celebrate boy 's day .
... maybe she 's better off .|I 'm not sure anybody 's better off dead .
And there was one night ...|One night I realized was actually an important night .
The feudal society , so outwardly strong and solid , was hollow at the core .|With the Meiji restoration it collapsed like a house of cards , and a new modern society arose in its place .
Someone , call security !|Security !
He 's still angry about Stalin seizing his estates . Antonov , no . Belinsky sometimes complains about the U.S. but knows he has it good . Lee Harvey Oswald ?|He 's a nobody .
They will live forever as a graphic example of the power of art to change the world .|Beautiful , smooth , soft , delicate , strong , and precious .
No one knows when George first met with the CIA . But the CIA recruited him . This we know .|What we don 't know is if George recruited Oswald to kill Kennedy .
And silk , above all other treasures , has been the thread connecting East and West ...|It is an artifact that has truly shaped history .
The beach , the beach ! It 's gotta be the beach ! The mountains are better . It 's quiet . Of course , the hot springs ! It 's popular right now ! Hey Neko , come over here ! We 're trying to decide where we want to go for our seminar ! No way , no way . Neko doesn 't get excited about these things .|Wait !
Will I have a bouquet ?|Michael . Michael . morris : Glenda Bardelarinski , 53 .
And worn underneath their armor one of the secrets of their invincibility .|Silk underwear .
OK then , I 'll find a good man instead . Somehow I never get to meet men socially .|What 's that ? Let me see .
Three strikes , he 's out !|That 's a good one ! Outrageous !
Legend has it that the lady H 'si Ling made her discovery when a silk moth cocoon fell from a mulberry tree into her hot tea , and began to unravel .|The empress has been revered ever since as the lady of silk who taught the Chinese to cultivate mulberry trees and raise silk worms .
Banana bag is finished and she took a few ice chips .|Who are you ? I 'm Dr. Lockhart . You 're at County General . Let 's see if you can sit up on your own , okay ?
Her discovery of the secret if silk would profoundly influence the history of the China , and the world .|This is the Great Wall at Simitai the northern boundary of ancient China . Here an inscribed stone marks the boundary between the civilized Middle Kingdom China and the land of the northern barbarians . Beyond the wall was to the ancient Chinese a land of legend strange , exotic and unknown .
This is the Great Wall at Simitai the northern boundary of ancient China . Here an inscribed stone marks the boundary between the civilized Middle Kingdom China and the land of the northern barbarians . Beyond the wall was to the ancient Chinese a land of legend strange , exotic and unknown .|It was also dangerous as this great defensive wall clearly shows . But , the Great wall was not China 's only protection .
What 's this , your bachelor party ?|There 's not gonna be one of those . Well , you didn 't give me much time to plan it , having your wedding today .
There 's not gonna be one of those . Well , you didn 't give me much time to plan it , having your wedding today .|I don 't think there 's gonna be one of those either . What ? So I don 't get to be your best man ? I mean , you were gonna ask me , right ?
Throwing PVCs . Can 't see well enough to find it . Get control blindly , Neela . Here , give me your hands .|What do you feel ?
Hold it . Statinsky .|Clamp the bleeder .
Now , maybe all of this has been too fast and I know that 's scary ... ... and maybe I didn 't ask you the right way .|But I just want us to be together .
But I just want us to be together .|So I 'm asking you now , Neela . Will you marry me ?
Well , it looks he 's one of us .|Who 's the old man ? Old Man ? ! Oh COME on !
So what was it that made men risk their lives to cross in this inhospitable wilderness ?|The incredible profits of the silk trade .
The incredible profits of the silk trade .|If you want to understand why Chinese silk was so special , and why it was so vastly profitable to Chinese traders , you have to get to know this rather unattractive creature : The blind , flightless Bombyx Mori moth which spins a cocoon for its larvae .
Aaaa Neko , HE went somewhere else !|What 's going on ? !
The silk that the moths spin is a continuous thread of incredible strength measuring from 500 to 1,500 meters in length .|Single filaments are too thin to use for weaving . And so for production purposes , several filaments are combined with a slight twist into one strand . This process is known as " silk reeling " or " filature " .
I tried to help him .|But I couldn 't .
See ?|CURSE YOU !
As you wish .|Uh , as you wish .
How do people get like this ?|When my son Alex was 5 ... ... the doctor thought he might have meningitis . Wanted to do a spinal tap on him . I 'm a nurse , and I didn 't want him to do it . I was worried and scared . I didn 't want anything hurting my kid .
I don 't want anything hurting Stewy .|Stewy is already hurting , Mrs. Kenig .
Another valuable export item from the west was Cobalt from Iran , which melts at a very high temperature and was therefore suitable for the blue underglaze decoration on ceramics . Until China found its own domestic source of Cobalt it imported both the idea and the blue cobalt powder needed to produce blue and white ceramics .|China also traded their silk for Blown glass , as the Chinese had not yet perfected this skill .
Everyone is entitled to their beliefs . But the truth here , in this room , right now , is that if you let this go on ... ... there 's not gonna be a doctor that can help him .|He only has you .
They coveted rare gems like lapis lazuli . And Baltic and Russian amber was especially cherished .|Trade of such scarce and valuable luxury items was not really true commercial trade .
Trade of such scarce and valuable luxury items was not really true commercial trade .|Rather it was essentially an exchange of luxury good between the ruling elites of different empires .
I can 't believe it ! It 's as he foretold . The Neryulla of the legend revived before our eyes .|Oh , did Ladin predict the revival of Neryulla ? Yes . His predictions have never failed . But actually he 's a wanderer whose abode we know not .
Children ?|You startled us .
You startled us .|What weird clothes ! The hair color is strange .
It 's the truth .|We 'd better go . We 'd better go ...
Oh , so you 're a lion man . So THAT was the odor .|Ah , what an awesome talent .
Yes .|How long has that been going on ? Well , she has been here two months , so seven and a half weeks . You know what ? You should go back to bed . Okay .
She says that 's WHY she crossed them . That 's Princess Dimida for ya .|What ? Princess Dimida ? You know her , Ladin ? Yes . But only the name . La Medin Dimida , the ogre princess . Ogre princess ? Keiichiro .
Whoa , lookin ' good !|Keiichiro , are these people your friends ? Yes ma 'am !
The symbols on military rank badges declined from the highest , through , in descending order , lions , tigers and bears . The lowest ranks were an ox and a rhinoceros .|The nine civil ranks of the mandarin were denoted by birds . The first rank was the crane .
What does this mean , Old Man ?|STOP calling me " Old Man " ? !
An artist ?|Let me see .
Hey Neko , be strong . She 's showing more confidence than you ! Right !|Geez , I lost .
Geez , I lost .|Then where 's Neryulla 's army ?
Then where 's Neryulla 's army ?|Army ?
Three ?|Fascinating , it gets more interesting all the time .
Fascinating , it gets more interesting all the time .|My reason for traveling the long distance over the mts . , was for my ailing father . To bring him medicinal herbs that only exist in Nishi .
Please fight me .|With only a 3 people army , you challenge Nishi no Kuni 's Duran III bare handed .
With only a 3 people army , you challenge Nishi no Kuni 's Duran III bare handed .|If I win , your head 'll be a gift for Duran III in exchange for the herbs .
Hey , I 'm sorry I haven 't been around much. I just ... .|I got a lot of problems .
I ... won 't lose to you !|I won 't lose either ! The ogre princess is La Medin 's goddess of victory ! Ji don 't help me ! Ladin , Towado ... don 't interfere !
Kid got hit by a truck . Come on , hold still . He gonna be all right ?|Who knows ?
Their empresses wore equally elaborate robes covered with embroidered designs of Taoist symbols of immortality , delicately sewn with the elaborate forbidden stitch .|Although in the face of Islamic expansion the silk trade again went into a decline , silk making in China prospered as the new Song dynasty court concentrated on internal matters .
See her . I can see her now ? Yes . Come with me . It 's this way .|Oh , Gada .
Oh , Gada .|There are bruises to her chest and to her abdomen ... ... but I don 't think that there is any damage to her internal organs .
... and the grill was crushed . Oh , and there was bumper stickers . Lots of Bears bumper stickers .|Malik , take a break .
Once again now under the protection of Mongol Empire silk began to flow westward out of China .|Silk manufactured in China under the Yuen dynasty of the Mongols was woven not only for high ranking offiicials of the Mongol Court but also to order for the Vatican in Rome and for export to Muslim markets in Spain and for mosques in Syria , Egypt and Arabia .
Silk manufactured in China under the Yuen dynasty of the Mongols was woven not only for high ranking offiicials of the Mongol Court but also to order for the Vatican in Rome and for export to Muslim markets in Spain and for mosques in Syria , Egypt and Arabia .|But the Mongol empire did not survive beyond three generations . They were far better at conquest than at administration .
It was a accident , man. I swear . It was an accident , man . I didn 't mean to hurt that kid .|I swear to God .
And I know that , and I 'm sorry for it . But what else you want me to do ?|Turn yourself in .
These encouraged explorers to set sail around the world looking for new ways to secure silk and spices from the East .|The discovery of alternative sea routes to the silk road broke the monopolies on the overland silk trade .
If you go against Fort Shiko , please take us .|You sure you want to ?
Like gold , silk has unique properties and numerous practical uses .|Silk is highly resistant to rot and oxidation .
Since it is not perishable , it is perfect as sewing thread for seams and embroidery .|Since silk is a natural fiber , it breathes and effiiciently conducts heat away from the body . Its isothermal properties make it cool in summer and warm in winter .
It is too late . A little further , please .|No . We are going back . Oh !
Silk wadding is still the lightest , warmest and least bulky material for quilted insulation , superior even to goose down .|Silk is incredibly strong and light and thus the perfect material for such uses as parachutes where it can cover the greatest area for the lowest weight and bulk .
What ?|What ? What is going on with you ?
Lwendo . Lwendo , stay with me . Stay with me .|We 've got multiple GSWs to the chest , flank and legs .
Bagged the femoral artery . I need a clamp . John . Start an iv .|We 're just one hour to camp and another two to the surgical hospital .
Lost the pulse .|John .
Oh , God . Oh , my God .|Oh , my God , you 're awake . You 're awake , baby .
Give up , Altire .|Don 't be impudent .
Hello , Tippi . How are you today ?| I 'm good , thanks , Robbie .
Don 't be impudent .|Ah Keiichiro , hang on !
What ? !|Neryulla , I 'm immortal !
Shoes are too big .|You 're not Tippi . I want Tippi .
I will serve you in his stead .|And besides , Naka no Kuni 's people have risen up to help you .
Oh .|So that means I can 't see her today . Correct .
He 's got a pulverized leg , he needed blood transfusions ... ... he 'll be on ventilator , he 's in the hospital for weeks , you call that fine ? All right , I made a mistake . Look , Darnell 's not a bad guy .|At the time , it seemed like him going to jail for dui wasn 't gonna help anybody .
Hey , Vic .|You 'll need to undergo an evaluation by the impaired Physician Committee .
Son of a bitch . You 're screwed , buddy . Yeah , she 's upstairs telling the cops now everything you 're doing . Right now . That 's right . We 're gonna get you . We 're gonna get you .|Hey !
Hey ... Neko !|... was whispered to me .
He got me involved in a war , and disappeared .|What do I do now ?
Ohh .|Any sharp edges ? No . Why ?
If this is something you really feel like you have to do , then you should do it . olivia : Greg ? All right , I 'm coming , I 'm coming . Damn .|Are you there ?
Well , I suppose that 's what happens when personal feelings get involved .|I hired you because you were supposed to be a professional .
I hired you because you were supposed to be a professional .|You hired me to have an affair with your husband . To pretend to have an affair with my husband . How does that work ? Did he phone you ? Is that why you were there ?
The " Rebirth of Neryulla " .|I don 't beleive that .
I 'm not going to answer that question . Why not ?|Because at a certain point in this ridiculous arrangement , some things are none of your business .
Your period was due yesterday , right ?|A man who understands THAT ... ISN 'T CUTE ! What can I say , Our bodies are still in Tokyo , but our spirits here , I think .
This is just a weird dream .|If we see it that way , It 'll be easier .
Can you tell Terence I 'm thinking about him ?|You 're not that much of a friend , Lauren .
You 're not that much of a friend , Lauren .|This is for the next three weeks . It should have blown over by then .
Oh , right . Here .|X ? All right . Ecstasy ? Did she take ecstasy ?
You go with women , then dump them .|I 'm in no MOOD for that !
I really hope you make it both of you .|JOSH :  This place is a mess .
You 're afraid .|You 're scared of associating with men .
Brook Sawyer .|We didn 't know . Well , maybe if you guys weren 't so busy beating on him ... .
Well , why didn 't he stop for the police ?|He knew that Brook needed help , and he needed to get her here . He figured he 'd explain everything when they got here . Why did he fight with them ?
BOTH : Mmm . You know , I realised while you were away that I 'm actually a bit of a slob at heart .|Oh , does that mean you 've been playing the housewife just for me ? Maybe . For you and Bon .  Well , my little housewife , can we please go and make a mess of the bedroom ?
Oh , does that mean you 've been playing the housewife just for me ? Maybe . For you and Bon .  Well , my little housewife , can we please go and make a mess of the bedroom ?|Mmm . You should have told me you were coming home .
It was a ... it was a shock . I tell you , a real stock . 'Cause I just didn 't expect your kids to be that old . You know , ' cause your body 's in such good shape .|Crow 's feet aren 't that deep . I mean , Ash is a bit dim but Kate 's got a good head on her shoulders .
So ?|'So ' what ?
'So ' what ?|So why are you really back ?
... and you stopped breathing . We had to put you on a ventilator .|And the ecstasy that you took caused you to have a seizure . And we had to treat you with anticonvulsants . Oh , my God .
Yeah , it 's funny .|He 's the only person in my whole life who actually listens to me .
Hey ?|Course it is .
It 's not a request .|That 's about it . I 'm sorry it 's not much of a tour . So when do you plan on moving ? I 've been looking for a place . It 's been a bit of a challenge with my schedule and Michael being gone . Only one bathroom , huh ? Must get hard with the roommate .
Oh ! Lisa , my love , I take back every nasty thing I ever said about you .|I will be there just as soon as I can get away .
Oh , it 's nothing , really . You should hear my parents . is there , uh , anything I can get you ?|Gloria and I are separating .
Gloria and I are separating .|Oh . Does Michael know ?
Watch me , Ladin .|I 'll open the door to the future of this country .
We 're good , Luka . Really .|Mrs. Gallant ? is everything okay ?
Mrs. Gallant ? is everything okay ?|Are you all right ?
Bill ? Uh ... My mum calls me " Bill ' .|Oh .
Oh .|This is my first time .
This is my first time .|I 'm a bit kind of wound up enough as it is .
Are you all right ?|Can I get you anything ? No , thank you .
Can I get you anything ? No , thank you .|He told you , didn 't he ?
I 'm very sorry .|So am I .
Duty .|For years , I have sacrificed and compromised ... ... moving from one sorry little town to the next . All because of duty .
I 'm prepared to see the other one . " The other one " ?|Not Tippi .
For years , I have sacrificed and compromised ... ... moving from one sorry little town to the next . All because of duty .|The boy 's his father 's son . They 're soldiers .
Duran III 's residental castle was our destination .|But as we neared the city of Shaa , Duran III ... sent out his main army , the Black Knight Corps .
I 'll fight to the end .|Shit . They plan to attack at dawn .
Shit . They plan to attack at dawn .|The people are scared , we won 't be able to win .
Look , I know you guys didn 't get off the best start , but you don 't see the whole picture , you don 't see what he 's like with Bonnie , you don 't see what he 's like at home . You don 't need to sell him to me , you 're the one who bought him . Come in and sign that before you leave .|I can 't believe your knickers are still in a twist about that stupid stereo thing .
What I 'm trying to tell you ... ... is that a strong marriage is about two people . Now , Michael 's a good man . Michael is kind . He is loving , he is generous . Just like his father .|But if staying here at County , in Chicago ... ... is something that you want to do , then that 's what you should do . Never let anybody or anything make you ever forget who you are .
Maybe it 's true . There 's too many of them . My magical powers won 't help .|Neko , what are you doing being timid !
I save that up for special .|OK , Nat , what did he do ?
Haruka .|Gotta think up stategies by dawn . I 'll do some scouting . See ya .
Maybe not .|Rents are signing some paperwork for your transfer . I guess they want you at the highfalutin hospital in the suburbs . Yeah , that sounds like them . We were able to get ahold of your father , Deshawn . He should be here pretty soon .
I 'm ready to die on the battlefield . Ji , return home . No , I 'll be with you .|It 's time to die fighting .
Go home and talk to Josh .|232 .
232 .|What 's going on ? Oh , Nat 's just been giving me some home truths about Josh .
Ohh . What ? You know something too ?|No , I 've just been staring at these figures for so long
You know , you 're right , Samantha . I feel much better with the oxygen .|Did it affect your singing voice ? Well , I didn 't wear it for the party . I just stayed in my chair and never got up .
Let 's go ! Everyone CHARGE !|FALL BACK ! God Damn Neryulla ! Using weird magic ...
 Come on .|Oh , this is such a mess . What is ?
Neela . Look , just ... . Would you just wait one second , please ?|I wish I didn 't feel how I feel .
For me ... as I play the part of a legendary queen , I realize for the first time ... as I worked at pretending to be normal ...|I was avoiding a lot of situations .
It 's not that hard . " I fucked Tippi . "|Say it .
Say it .|Go on , say it , Josh .
So nothing changed . Right , if you fear being hurt or betrayed , nothing can happen ... like friendships and love .|Next time you try that I 'll beam you !
Chloe .|I was drunk . And I had a head full of coke .
Demidaaaa !|Demida , when you fall in love , is it like fire ?
Let 's go !|A Black Knight .
A Black Knight .|Neryulla ! You should prepare to die .
HURRY , GET GOING !|Thank you , Demida .
What , did you screw me in the morning and then do her in the afternoon ?|Or did you pay her for it ? Was that it ?
Hey , Sam .|They thought it was appendicitis ? Yeah , I was in a lot of pain on the drive over , but I feel okay now .
Never heard about it . As it is now , you are the only God , Neryulla .|Ah !
What I should be having is a double Scotch .|Then I might do something slightly less spineless than hiding till this whole thing blows over .
I 'm happy for you , Sam .|New job , new place to live .
New job , new place to live .|What 's with the cross ?
The Neryulla legend was made up ... to keep the Naka no Kuni from being desperate about the taxes . That 's our gift to them . So Queen Neryulla doesn 't exist .|Doesn 't exist ?
What am I doing ? |Jump off the cliff . Do it .
Jump off the cliff . Do it .|Where did it happen ? Was it here ? Was it at her place ?
Unbelievable . You have sex with my friend at my place of work . Then you kiss me on the cheek and run away on tour ? You don 't think that 's why I went on tour ? I don 't know , Josh . You told me you were helping a friend . You know , it might have been nice if you were actually trying to earn some money so I could take a break .|But you are so goddamn lazy .
When your mama and daddy died ...|... I thought that nothing would ever be the same .
But ... BUT , new ways of thinking are unorthodox and NEVER accepted ! That 's why you made ME fight ?|I had no idea you 'd be so strong , Ogre Princess .
It 's so that nobody can own me .|The way you own me ?
If the countries wage war , they 'll regain their vitality .|To do that , I made Neryulla 's legend true .
Ruthie ... .|Believe me , I know this is not gonna be easy .
YES ! THAT IS SO !|Your mind ...
Isn 't that why people have affairs , Chloe ? To make themselves feel good ? I didn 't make you feel bad . You did that all by yourself .|Chloe , where are you going ? Work .
Better Food for Dogs . This one 's for Bob .|This one 's for us .
MORE burning ! MORE fires !|Now our homelands will evolve .
Why don 't I get Nat for you ? No , no , I 'm a couple of mintues early . If it starts early , then it 'll end early , and then everything 's ... Out of whack .|I would 've waited outside , but it was ... Too noisy ? Precisely .
I can do this , Dr. Lockhart .|We can do this .
I 'm Greg Pratt .|Vatima Abika .
History will flow . I won the gamble .|I won !
Nice name . So if you don 't mind me asking , what 's taking you to Khartoum ?|I live there . I work for the government , Ministry of Education .
Are you well , Princess Demida ?|Oh , finally killed is he ?
That bastard . Wait Ji !|Let 's bury him with respect .
How come you know all that stuff ?|I know a lot about tropical cyclones . in April 1995 , Tropical Cyclone Chloe hit the West Australian coast .
Um , I don 't know .|Something new , I guess . You know , something different . And you 've read up on Darfur ?
If you pass through it , you may return to your world .|We can return !
Have you ever had one ?|What 's it like being you ?
But why ?|We don 't have to harm each other .
We don 't have to harm each other .|You are not my enemy . History is .
The door ...|Our door ...
Our ...|Go ahead and open it .
Who feels like walking ?|Mouthwash ? You 've gotta be kidding me .
Ladin ... NO , Duran III , you used a LIVING BEING to create a new future ?|YES . THAT 'S RIGHT . History is made by the actions of the living . WHY ? HOW can you say that ? What are HUMANS for ?
Do you need some help ?|What ? No , take it easy . Relax , I 'm a doctor . Take it easy , relax .
I 'd like to have my shower now .|OK .
Sorry , sorry .|I 'm a doctor . Do you speak English ? Do you need some help ? Actually , I think it is you that needs some help .
Uh , well , Susan Lewis left , took a job over in Iowa City . Yeah , I talked to her . She thinks she got kind of screwed . She did . Now we 've got this guy named Clemente . He 's the new Attending . Frank calls him Dr. Schizo .|He 's really not a bad guy . He 's just , I don 't know , a little nutty .
Yeah , man . They 're about to have a baby .|Wow , that 's news .
And finally my hand grabbed the world ... for me !|Now everything ... history , people 's destinies ... it 's ALL in MY grasp !
Memo ...|What is it ?
What is it ?|What 's wrong ?
What 's wrong ?|Dario ! Monica !
Um , has he had a fever ? Diarrhea ?|Baby no cry .
Yes ? Member number 79322 . It 's an emergency .|Lift your head .
Rashida Fallad . She 's 26 weeks pregnant and she has hepatitis E. Hepatitis E ? I thought our water was clean . They go outside the camp , drink from other sources. lt shouldn 't be long now . I think you 're overreacting . Mortality rate for hep E isn 't high . It is in pregnant women , especially in Darfur . Over 30 percent of people who contract the disease will die . Rashida . Rashida . The encephalopathy is worse .|She 's pretty jaundiced .
I need some new bras and some new knickers .|I think I might go out and splurge . Do you want to come ? No .
You alright ? Yep .|Heather , did you know that Josh had sex with Tippi ? No .
Has he had other pains like this ?|Not this severe .
What did she say ?|She wants to know if ...
I can 't believe all this is happening ' cause ' cause I slept with someone . It 's not because you slept with someone , Josh . Well , what is it , then ? I don 't have very much that I can give somebody . I have sex with people for a living , for Christ 's sake .|But I have my word . That 's all I have . And nothing can be more important than that .
But I have my word . That 's all I have . And nothing can be more important than that .|Nothing .
I 'm Dr. Carter . Can you tell her that we 're gonna try to give some fluids to her baby ?|Dr. John , they 're bringing a man from outside . They say he 's been shot . Okay , 20 gauge on the femoral , I want you to call me if you need me , okay ? lshaak . What ? His name is lshaak . debbie : Why won 't you get this treated ?
Can I get a kiss ?|See , doctor ?
I 'm doing compressions .|Are we just gonna watch him die ?
We 're getting breakfast . Want anything ? No , thank you .|Does it hurt ?
Thanks .|Why did you tell me ?
I didn 't . I ...|Yeah , I know . You hinted . But you wanted me to know .
Try and relax , huh ?|You okay ? She 's progressing very well . She can start pushing within the hour . I 'm talking about you . I am tired . Been on my feet all day .
You and Josh ?|Finished .
This is nothing .|It 's my weekly ritual .
Pati ? Is Doctor Villalba in ?|Okay , thank you .
Hey , can you help me ? I need a doctor . No , my friend , you need a lawyer .|Call me .
I 've got this incredibly painful paper cut . Do you have an insurance card ? Yes , I do .|Code Green ! Code Green !
Look , I 've been standing out here for 20 minutes , okay ?|DAKARAl : Pratt !
Sue your doctor . I 'm Jake Gorman , Attorney at Law , and I care for you .|Rat bastard .
Don 't tell me , man .|Again ?
Has Dr. Callaby come down yet ? What are you doing ? Charting vital signs . And who is taking these vital signs ? The machine over there . So you 're telling this machine what that machine is doing ? Yeah , that 's my job . Oh , we 're the people whose job it is to take care of the patients . See , that 's what they look like . They 're over there , those living actual human things over there . We have too many of those , not enough nurses , not enough doctors , not enough time , and too many computers . Are you listening to me ? No , because you 're talking to a computer . Let me guess . You 're the mime . I 'll take that as a yes . What seems to be the problem ?|Your nose is running . You have a runny nose . Anything else ?
She is breathing .|What the hell is that ?
It 's getting late . You guys finished with this tin can yet ? Well , I adjusted his tactile sensors so he doesn 't crush anymore ... right . And right now , I 'm scanning this month 's medical journals to update his database . We 're almost done , okay ? He 'll be ready by morning . He better be .|Damn it . If this doesn 't work , we 're both dead . Speaking of dead , I better have a talk with Lauren Mills before we bring him up on the floor tomorrow .
Can you get the door ?|Miguel !
It was a long time ago . I 'm over it . Then why do you still wear the watch he gave you ?|I need to know the time .
Not responding .|He 's dead .
Does it hurt when I do this ?|Mrs. Flaherty , when was the last time you ate ? About ten minutes ago . Ah . And what did you eat ? I had a rack of lamb , a side of beef , four fried chickens , and some Chinese . Ah , some Chinese food ? Or some Chinese people ?
What ... ? The people we treat every day ...|... it is places like this from which they come ... ... before the Janjaweed burned them out .
We got off on the wrong foot . Do you remember me ? We 've talked several times on the phone . My name is Sonia Bonet . My husband is Guillermo Castrejon .|Come in .
Just because they 've installed in you all of the finest , latest medical technology , that doesn 't make you a real doctor . Bonacasa , will you show " it " around ? Yes , sir . Don 't worry about him . He 's still trying to figure out how to use his cell phone .|I hit it , I hit it !
Take it easy , man .|We just wanna get her to the hospital . Tell him that . I 'm trying .
We just wanna get her to the hospital . Tell him that . I 'm trying .|DAKARAl : Aah ! No .
Come in .|I 'll be right back .
Get up ! Right then I had a chance to take the gun from her .|Could you explain , please ?
Thanks , Doc . I feel great .|Did you say something about my mother ? .
Yeah , they got great beaches there .|White sands , cool waters . Yeah . Definitely gotta get me to Mozambique .
White sands , cool waters . Yeah . Definitely gotta get me to Mozambique .|Okay , either those are the good guys and we 're saved ...
Mom , people are coming in . Come with me a second , please . I don 't have to , I don 't know you and I 'm resting .|Leave or I 'll call club security .
Good morning . I took the liberty of drawing blood , reviewing charts , performing surgery , and discharging most of our patients . I also made coffee for you . In the doctor 's lounge . Wow . What time did you get in this morning ? I never left . I do not need to sleep . If you did all of the work on our patients last night , what are we going to do ? We are going to go on rounds . How about a round of golf ? That 's your Mulligan . Let 's tee it up , boys .|Golf ? What is golf ? Well , you hit a ball into a cup 1 8 times .
I 'd hate to be here when he analyzes a stool sample .|Mr. Malaka has tricinyphlis . Yeah , what 's that ? That 's an incredibly rare disease . You can only get it by having sex with pigs . That 's crazy . Absolutely crazy . I mean , this mechanical moron must have blown a circuit board . Tricinyphlis . There 's only been ever five confirmed cases .
Mr. Malaka has tricinyphlis . Yeah , what 's that ? That 's an incredibly rare disease . You can only get it by having sex with pigs . That 's crazy . Absolutely crazy . I mean , this mechanical moron must have blown a circuit board . Tricinyphlis . There 's only been ever five confirmed cases .|Six .
... or the bad guys and we 're dead . Either way ...|... I 'm done walking .
The rest of you stay here .|I don 't want to harass or hurt anyone . I have something important to show you . It 's my husband 's . We can 't even get dressed ?
Yes , quickly . Quickly !|We 'll be gone soon .
Come on , Doc , give it to me straight , I can take it . You are going to die . Oh my God , how long have I got ? According to my calculations , you have two months , three weeks , six days , 1 8 hours , 47 minutes and nine seconds . Eight , seven , six , five ... Is there any hope ? No . Will there be much pain ? Oh yes , very much so . Unbearable . Oh ! What should I do , Doc ? Write a will . Buy a nice suit .|Roboshock . Can I speak to you for a moment ? Certainly , chief . Have a nice day .
It was an accident .|He leapt at me .
You 're not a friend of mine , guy . You 're a pervert . Get away from me ! Get away !|Charming .
Charming .|Well , I didn 't know kids were still playing cowboys and Indians anymore . They 're not . They 're playing cow persons and Native Americans .
... it wasn 't what we wanted for our child .|Now I can only hope that before she 's grown up ... ... we can go back to our village .
How can I explain compassion ? Compassion . It is a sympathetic consciousness of another 's distress , together with the desire to alleviate it . Very good . For a moment there , I forgot I was talking to a walking encyclopedia . Simply stated , it 's the giving of aid and comfort . For instance , look over there . All of God 's creatures need to eat . Feeding them is an act of compassion . And for that , I believe that nice woman will be rewarded .|How do you know so much about compassion ? I really don 't know . I guess I 'd rather feel sorry for someone else than feel sorry for myself .
This is an agreement for the payment of financial incentives to the coordinators with the highest number of rejections of coverage .|This one too .
I don 't know what to say to you , I think you 're so beautiful . Thanks . I 've got work to do .|Wait . Wait . I ... I know we 'll have beautiful babies together . You wanna have a baby .
We need the signature of a shareholder . That 's ridiculous , I am the company . The CEO is not enough for a legal endorsement . If a partner does not sign off on this , I 'm afraid these documents are not valid . Liar ! You said you could do it . I didn 't lie . I didn 't know .|Any partner ?
I just hit the switch . You sure did , baby .|All right , quiet on the set , everybody . Ready on camera three . Have still store two buffered and ready . Jake , ready . And , uh , three , two ... Is your baby ugly ? Sue your doctor . Not feeling springtime fresh ?
But it damn sure doesn 't mean I don 't see or feel everything ... ... that 's going on around me .|To tell you the truth , I never wanted to be around this type of suffering . I mean , who would ?
Garbage in .|Good , Joey . Swing it harder .
I 'm glad I came here .|I 'm glad you came too .
Because I am not gonna take the blame for that van . Oh , gee , thanks . That 's okay . They 'll take it out of your paycheck . What do you mean ? We actually get paid for this ? Whoa . Hey .|Okay , where are we going ?
Hi , RoboDoc .|Are you going to the dinner tonight ? Yes , I will be there . Well , good , 'cause I 'm gonna wear something special just for you .
Well , she 's tougher than she looks , huh ?|Yeah .
I 'm gonna have a baby . Oh , yeah !|Oh , no .
I followed him for five blocks . But I didn 't dare approach him .|I thought : Do punk rockers like getting asked for autographs ? Or do they beat you up for being cheesy ?
I 'm in dire need of medical attention . If you 're catching a cold from being in that outfit , maybe I can help you . I don 't need a pediatrician . I 'm a grown woman . I need a real doctor .|What 's the matter , cat got your tongue ?
How 's the insomnia ? I kept thinking about Gallant and Clemente .|It 's a lot .
No .|Do something . You 're a doctor .
In Jorge 's house . Can you move your right hand ?|That 's good .
Uh , give me a nice , clean sterile surgery here , okay ? You hear the bell , you start cutting .|What the hell is this ?
It 's dark in here . Just a minute . I 'm taking the bandage off now .|They 're straight . You did it !
It 's a serious injury .|He needs a CT scan .
You can 't leave .|I 'm sorry , you can 't leave . Tie them up .
He 's doing the best he can with what he has .|Keep him on 100 percent . Six of Pavulon . I gave him Norcuron .
Look , he 's blind !|Oh , look ! All the children are blind ! They 're all blind !
Luka , got a minute ? Yeah .|Sometimes it 's easier if you lump them all together .
We are getting some heat ? It 's your department .|Kerry , he was your hire . He was on staff before I moved up to this job . Yeah , I know that , I 'm the one who moved you up . So , what , I should have fired him sooner ? The warning signs were there . You had the authority .
Kerry , he was your hire . He was on staff before I moved up to this job . Yeah , I know that , I 'm the one who moved you up . So , what , I should have fired him sooner ? The warning signs were there . You had the authority .|Am I gonna lose my job over this ? Look , all I 'm saying is , if I weren 't chief of staff ... ... I 'm not so sure you 'd be department head . So let 's just get through this , okay ?
Am I gonna lose my job over this ? Look , all I 'm saying is , if I weren 't chief of staff ... ... I 'm not so sure you 'd be department head . So let 's just get through this , okay ?|Neela .
I 'll pay you back .|It 's not going through . Should I try again ?
It 's not going through . Should I try again ?|The card is blocked . Perhaps another card ? No , it 's fine .
Blind . " Three blind mice . See how they run . " You can see ?|You can all see . Let 's go save RoboDoc !
It 's gonna be fine , I promise .|Well , going means saying goodbye , and saying goodbye means forgetting .
Well , going means saying goodbye , and saying goodbye means forgetting .|It doesn 't have to .
I thought it was a stolen card , but the officer said the woman had kidnapped the old man .|He asked if I knew where they were headed . I told him Manantiales . I heard them say it . It 's an exclusive neighborhood further ahead .
That 's all right . We 'll wait . She might be a while . She was all dressed up . Would you like to leave something for her ?|No , thank you .
Can I come in ?|I keep asking myself why he went back .
Book number 1044 , record 281 , in the Federal District of Mexico on the 6th of February , 2015 . Jorge Carlos Lomas Ferron , Notary Public number 192 ...|Don 't come in . On the ground . Both of you .
See you tomorrow ... Ciao ...|Bye ...
It 's not a bad way to go . He was 29 years old , Greg . He was blown up by a bomb .|It 's a tragedy , and believe me , I 'm not saying it isn 't ... ... but Michael , he wanted to be a part of something bigger than himself .
It 's a tragedy , and believe me , I 'm not saying it isn 't ... ... but Michael , he wanted to be a part of something bigger than himself .|Now , two months ago , I would have laughed at that . But now ... .
They say you should surrender .|It 's not true .
If I weren 't here , you 'd have to wait anyway .|Keep in mind that we bill by the hour .
Memo felt sick and I brought him to the hospital .|His heart gave out .
Careful ... I 'll take her .|She needs changing .
She needs changing .|What a smelly little sweetie .
Ready , aim , fire .|Ready , aim , fire .
He didn 't suffer . I was with him the whole time .|You already knew ?
Great coffee ...|Yes ... This way .
I 'm sorry . Let 's leave it at that .|I 'll get in touch as soon as possible . Okay .
You better come back . You know that , don 't you ?|Yeah , I will .
You ready ?|Goodbye , Michael .
Sitting Bull was facing terrible odds against Custer .|He turned to his warriors and said , " This is a good day to die . "
Mom !|I had nothing to do with this . I don 't make decisions . I 'm a shareholder . I 'm sorry about your husband . If I can help ... Idiot ! I don 't want your pity . You don 't even know me .
Why did you do that ? When it would have been just as easy to convince him to stay ... ... for a much better reason : Because we loved him .|Because we loved him .
Because we loved him .|Neela , come on . Let 's go for a walk , okay ?
He was sick with fear and it was my fault .|I understood that I had to stop and that I couldn 't die because I couldn 't leave him alone .
I 'm sorry , son . It 's going to be all right .|Dario , the gun .
On the floor . On the floor !|Can you hear me ?
Martje ...|But I don 't know if you want me .
Can you hear me ?|Can you hear me ?
I do .|But ...
Can you hear me ?|Call for a doctor , now . Call the paramedics .
Call for a doctor , now . Call the paramedics .|Get off , you 're hurting her .
Get off , you 're hurting her .|She 's bleeding to death .
Sorry .|Get out .
Now you know .|Now you know , it doesn 't matter , does it ?
Good afternoon .|My prosthesis is leaking .
I ' m her personal assistant . I don 't have a set schedule .|What did she tell you ? To check on the woman 's condition and the atmosphere . She was worried about it going public . That 's what she meant . Can you stamp it ?
Martje ...|We 're here for you if you need us .
BYE .| SOMEBODY SLEPT IN LATE . YEAH . ANDREA OPENED TODAY . HEY , YOU WANT SOME EGGS ? HMM ? NO . I 'LL JUST HAVE SOME JUICE . I TOOK THE BEER GUY TO BREAKFAST . DON 'T WORRY . OH . HOW 'S THAT GOING ? HEY , WHAT CAN I SAY ? HE 'S NEW , HE 'S GREEN . HE WANTS TO ... OH ! ... SEE BLOOD . GREAT ANOTHER HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCE CHOOSING A LIFE OF CRIME . WHY DOES THIS HAPPEN ? THIS IS HOW IT ENDS .
I was lucky .|Jesus ...
Jesus ...|Open the door .
Your action gave him a good fright .|Okay , the matter is closed . I don 't want to hear about it again .
Okay , the matter is closed . I don 't want to hear about it again .|Let 's get to work .
It 's all right , honey .|It 's all right .
How are you feeling today ?|As usual , a feeling of uneasiness .
She says everyone knows you 're a good boss .| You 're a good boss . I need a good boss .
Up to now , I 've made ever effort to figure out your problem .|However I 'm still lost .
Sorry , I don 't work with illegals . You need a residence permit . Do you know what that is ?|What am I to do with a baby here ? And an illegal .
What am I to do with a baby here ? And an illegal .|Quiet , you . Quiet ...
JOHN . JOHN !  COME HERE ! OFFICER , COME HERE ! KEEP IT ON HIS HAND . GO . HEY , HEY , HEY ! YOL RIGHT ? WHAT 'S THE MATTER ? I GOT UP TOO FAST . UHH ! WHERE 'S THE HAND ? WHERE 'S THE HAND ? YOU TAKE IT . YOU TAKE IT . WHAT ? UHH !|TAKE HIM ON THE PASSENGER SIDE DOOR .
The hypnotic method ?|Yes . In the hypnotic state I can see the pieces of your past , which contribute to your anxious state .
Yes . In the hypnotic state I can see the pieces of your past , which contribute to your anxious state .|Stand up please , over here .
ANDREA , I HAVE TO GO ACROSS THE STREET .|OK .
OK .|WHAT ARE YOU OKING FOR ?
WHAT ARE YOU OKING FOR ?|DON 'T YOU KNOW ? I THOUGHT YOU KNEW . IS IT AN AIRPLANE ? DID AN AIRPLANE CRASH ? I DON 'T KNOW YET . WHAT WAS THE LAST THING THAT YOU SAW ? THE SKY . DO YOU REMEMBER ANYTHING ? ANYTHING ABOUT WHERE YOU WENT DOWN ? THERE 'S BEEN NO CRASH . NO CRASH ? I DON 'T UNDERSTAND . WE 'RE STILL FLYING . WE 'RE STILL UP THERE .
DON 'T YOU KNOW ? I THOUGHT YOU KNEW . IS IT AN AIRPLANE ? DID AN AIRPLANE CRASH ? I DON 'T KNOW YET . WHAT WAS THE LAST THING THAT YOU SAW ? THE SKY . DO YOU REMEMBER ANYTHING ? ANYTHING ABOUT WHERE YOU WENT DOWN ? THERE 'S BEEN NO CRASH . NO CRASH ? I DON 'T UNDERSTAND . WE 'RE STILL FLYING . WE 'RE STILL UP THERE .|WHAT ? THE CAPTAIN GOES DOWN WITH THE SHIP .
We have a good name . It 's a permanent contract , 1 3th month .|Do you know where l can find a new driver then ?
SORRY !|CHARLIE , I AM SO SORRY TO BE RUDE , BUT WOULD YOU EXCUSE US ? OK . I NEED MY PENCILS . YEAH . WE 'RE GONNA SEND THEM OVER LATER . ANDREA , THERE 'S A PLANE . IT 'S STILL IN THE AIR . THE PILOT IS DEAD . MAYBE THE CREW . WHAT ? ! HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS ? THE PILOT JUST TOLD ME . WHAT AIRLINE ? WHAT FLIGHT ? HEY , HE WAS GONE BEFORE I COULD ASK . OK . WHAT DO WE DO ? CALLS . THE FAA FOR STARTERS . MAYBE YOU SHOULD TRY SOME OF THE AIRPORTS . AND SAY WHAT ? WE 'RE GONNA SOUND LIKE LUNATICS . I DON 'T KNOW , OK ? DON 'T EVEN TRY TO EXPLAIN IT . JUST KEEP TELLING THEM UNTIL SOMEBODY LISTENS . OK , OK . YES , HELLO . I NEED THE FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION . THANK YOU .
A man shouting to believe in God , holding a cross in his hand .|Where are you ?
God , how clumsy . Here ...|You don 't hold a baby like that . is it a boy or a girl ? A boy .
You don 't hold a baby like that . is it a boy or a girl ? A boy .|What 's your name little guy ?
Where are you ?|I 'm walking alone .
I didn 't mean that .|You 're fantastic , really . You really are .
The first time I saw you you were wearing a pink top .|Remember that pink top ?
We don 't know the cause of death . It 's a mystery .|No signs of traumatic injury . Maybe a heart attack .
You looked good in it .|Martje ... I dreamt last night that we went away together .
Martje ... I dreamt last night that we went away together .|Somewhere south .
We made a fire .|Martje ...
Evening , ma 'am .|There 's a chill in the air tonight . That 's why I have on my jacket .
Think of yourself . You have to let me out. i need something to drink .|Martje , get the key and open the door .
You 're the one who can see us .|Do I know you ?
Do I know you ?|It was a cemetery .
You 're all alone .|Just a minute , Loe . The baby 's crying .
I should have made her ride with me . Hey , come on , ' drea , how could you know ? Where is the doctor ?|I need some answers . I can 't just sit here .
Drink it all up .|That 's enough .
We 'll have a nice sleep .|A little sleep. I 'm right here .
I 'm really tired .|I 've been thinking about you all day long .
Where is everybody ?|Mom , I 'm scared .
Don 't leave me .|I 'm sorry .
Mom , Dad didn 't wake up yet ?|He 's ill , he went to work directly .
I saw it .|I saw the light .
Let 's go . Mom , we 're going to school .|Watch out for the cars . Yes . We will .
Martje , let me out ... I want ...|Put your thing in a hole . And flap it about. I know what you want .
Put your thing in a hole . And flap it about. I know what you want .|Jezus , I want you , nobody else ...
Uh , he 's our dog . Sort of . Actually , he 's a ghost dog . A ghost dog ! How cute !|I bet you are hungry after that hospital food . I 'm gonna fix you a nice breakfast .
Son of a bitch ...|Bastard ... I didn 't forget . I should have told you ...
I didn 't want to hurt her . Bastard .|Dorien and I were young .
Your husband doesn 't know about your problem ?|I don 't know .
It was different with you .|With you , from the very first ...
With you , from the very first ...|Let me out , Martje . I can 't take any more .
I don 't know .|You 're looking for someone .
I really want to be with you .|Martje ?
Yes we should investigate , Ms. Yoo .|Yes . Call the police station , tell them not to move the body .
You know , actually he has another poetry slam thing coming up right across the square . Good . I will be there for sure this time . Melinda ?|I hope you recognize me .
Gorgeous .|I want to look at you .
Sure .|It 's my niece .
It 's my niece .|Her boyfriend died last week . It was very sudden .
Her boyfriend died last week . It was very sudden .|Oh , I 'm so sorry .
I talked to him .|Good . See , it 's not difficult .
Good . See , it 's not difficult .|It is difficult . He 's a baby now . But he 'll grow .
You remember how skeptical I was when you brought me together with my boy Jason ?|Sometimes it takes a leap of faith .
Camera ?|I 'm ready .
I 'm ready .|Standby camera , action !
Hey you . Didn 't you tape down his dick ? Sorry .|That 's why you 've been doing this for 20 years without a promotion ! Yes , Sir .
Galina ... lf l 'm right ... If Loe really is in there , then what ?|I have no sympathy for the man . I 'm concerned about Martje , not him . What will happen to her if we do nothing ? Martje knows what she 's doing . You must trust her . We can 't trust her , she 's been humiliated . I won 't hear a bad word about Martje . If she wants our help she 'll ask for it . And that shoe isn 't Loe 's . His feet are much bigger .
I have no sympathy for the man . I 'm concerned about Martje , not him . What will happen to her if we do nothing ? Martje knows what she 's doing . You must trust her . We can 't trust her , she 's been humiliated . I won 't hear a bad word about Martje . If she wants our help she 'll ask for it . And that shoe isn 't Loe 's . His feet are much bigger .|It 's good to talk about him . It 'll help you cope .
Why ?|Because my son could have been killed .
No .|It 's different .
Are you on your own ?|No , I met someone recently .
Are you sure ? What ? I asked you , are you sure .|Are you kidding ?
Are you kidding ?|Do you want to fuck me tonight ?
This fits like your own breast . Tennis , swimming , no problem .|Lovely , isn 't it ?
Give Zoya a kiss . That 's right , big guy . is that enough ?|Say goodbye . Bye , have fun .
There 's lipstick on your little vest .|I 'm cooking a chicken . Look at this .
And then I realized he really liked me for me .|Homecoming was two weeks away , and he finally admitted he didn 't want to go because he couldn 't dance .
How do you know ?|Let 's not talk this bullshit . If you continue , I 'll go home .
Papa 'll be right here . Papa 's coming to play with us . That brings a smile .|He 's smiling .
Let 's not talk this bullshit . If you continue , I 'll go home .|Okay , we won 't talk about it . Let 's get in the car .
Ah bubububu ...|Papa , what did you say ?
Ah bubububu|What about mom ?
Brian kept calling , and I knew I had to face him .|Caitlin , I need to talk to you .
I have to feed Jan.|It 'll give us some peace during dinner . Come on ...
It 'll give us some peace during dinner . Come on ...|There ...
Drink now . Come along , drink .|No , don 't cry . There , there ... Please , drink now .
No , don 't cry . There , there ... Please , drink now .|You can have this back .
You can have this back .|I only want money for my work .
I only want money for my work .|What a racket . Come along now ...
What a racket . Come along now ...|Mummy hasn 't time for your fussing . Drink .
And then I realized I would never know what he wanted to tell me . Was he gonna be honest ? Was he gonna lie ?|Was he breaking up with me ?
I thought he loved me . I mean , I thought I was the one .|It 's ok .
Here , he can put his new clothes on .|Can you smell it , Loe ? It 's not haute cuisine but it is ... a grilled chicken .
I guess I just want to know if he 's out there and if he really loved me , and if he didn 't , I want to know what I did wrong .|I dreamt about him .
I dreamt about him .|I saw this tiger come charging towards me .
This blue really suits you .|There ...
That was the name of their team : The tigers .|And you saw the jersey ?
Sir , there are also numbers .|Could a human being even do this ?
Could a human being even do this ?|With all my experience , I can 't believe a human being would do this .
Perhaps these killings are some kind of revenge . The murderer killed all of the victims after having sex .|And all the victims are men .
Be right back . I have to put Jan to bed .|You 're so tired . Let 's have a nice sleep .
What do you mean ? Remember that one restaurant we had to leave because the dead chef kept yelling about how bad the living chef was ?|I could barely get a bite .
First we need to focus on the victim 's location .|All of the victims were from the same province .
It 's all your fault .|Martje , please .
Sir , I received some strange information . What ?|It was sent by Robert Harmon , a graduate student from Harvard . He learned about the murders on the Internet . In his opinion these homicides were committed by Hera .
Why are you pretending it doesn 't ?|Because I thought it would make you happy .
He can 't help it .|Martje , Jan needs you .
Because I thought it would make you happy .|You know , to have a normal wife that you don 't have to worry about all the time . I thought it would be a relief .
You know , to have a normal wife that you don 't have to worry about all the time . I thought it would be a relief .|Look .
Look .|I worry , I admit it .
It was sent by Robert Harmon , a graduate student from Harvard . He learned about the murders on the Internet . In his opinion these homicides were committed by Hera .|Hera ? The Goddess in Greek mythology ?
You can tell me how you really feel .|I can 't take it .
Hera ? The Goddess in Greek mythology ?|Yes and all the victims watches stopped working .
All right .|Will we meet in heaven ? Yes . That 's good .
You 've finished quickly .|Sir ? I think that he drowned .
Fucking in the water , high risk for heart attack .|Wait a moment . His tongue has been cut off .
Then when you die , your belly 'll be my drum . Don 't say that . Is it a sin ?|No .
I know , it was my day off , and I suddenly realized I have never seen your shop before .|Isn 't that ridiculous ?
Isn 't that ridiculous ?|I hope you don 't mind me popping in like this . No , mom , of course not . It 's just ... a surprise . Well , it 's a surprise for me too .
But that man isn 't the one you made love to a few minutes ago .|Yes . The person inside me can change the way they look .
It 's hot !|There .
I 've been looking back over these past few years , and I realized I have become completely housebound and I didn 't even know it .|Oh , this place is absolutely adorable .
Oh , this place is absolutely adorable .|You girls do this all by yourself ? Mom , are you
If he knew who turned him in !|Smash the bastard 's brains out !
Sir , this is crazy . We have got to start over .|Go back to the office .
The window ! The neighbors 'll see us !|Where 's Papa ? Is he dead ? Is he alive ?
Um , we 're gonna go to lunch . Really nice to meet you . Nice to meet you too , Melinda . Mrs. Gordon .|Bye .
His political ideas have ruined your future and his .|Forget your father .
Why didn 't you kill him ?|I didn 't feel anything inside me , He never had me .
It is strange , we 're convinced that the woman is a murderer .|But then the " victim " walks right out the door .
He can 't walk good ' cause my theater 's made of wood .|They put Papa in jail .
So why don 't you just get out of here and leave me alone ?|Thank you for doing this . Any friend of my sister 's ... so you 're hearing a rattle ?
But then the " victim " walks right out the door .|If the murderer is a supernatural goddess , it doesn 't seem that the men were killed by force .
If the murderer is a supernatural goddess , it doesn 't seem that the men were killed by force .|It wasn 't by force .
No , just sometimes . Maybe it 's the muffler or something .|I really enjoyed meeting your daughter Caitlin . Oh , yeah ? Well , you didn 't have any luck figuring out what was wrong with her , did you .
I really enjoyed meeting your daughter Caitlin . Oh , yeah ? Well , you didn 't have any luck figuring out what was wrong with her , did you .|It 's not that simple , I guess .
It 's not that simple , I guess .|I 'm not surprised .
I 'm not surprised .|She won 't talk to me . She won 't talk to Diane . Still , she does need your support . Caitlin doesn 't look to me for support .
Assassins ! Assassins !|All towns hav e fallen , the war 's ov er . Our greatest fas cist victory ! Last week ... our troops hit the capital from the right , left and center . Fighting was desperate and raged on ... till the heights at each end of the front were occupied . Enemy loss es ... were disastrous . Constant bombing threw the enemy in disorder ... cutting off all retreat . A total Red defeat was imminent .
That 's it .|What is it ?
She 's grieving , Mr. Emerson .|She just lost somebody that she loved . I know something about loss myself , Ms. Gordon .
Great , how ?|You already know about me . I 'm not satisfied with my sex life .
Let the execution of thes e Reds be an example . Long live death ! Fire ! I 'm saved ! I 'm not dead ! Saved ! It 's the poet . The faggot . A faggot . Finish him off up the ass .|Left face ! Shoulder arms ! Forward march !
My wife left me when Caitlin was two .|I had to raise her all by myself .
Mama is the prettiest flower . Good . Then what ? ... prettiest flower . And I love her more each hour . Does it rhyme ? It 's too prosaic .|God sees us and is always watching ov er us . Even when we 're on the toilet ?
But she was amazing . I 've never had an experience like that before .|Is it because she 's very attractive ?
I felt complete sexual ecstasy . A true orgasm .|Wait a moment . Isn 't it strange here ?
Mine 'll piss in your champion 's eye !|My turtle 's got no cock and no balls either ! If your grand 'ma heard ya !
We 've just got to show her that we 're here for her and that we care .|You 're a good sister . I don 't know what I 'd do if you weren 't here . This is way beyond me . Melinda Gordon has a very special gift .
Go on ! Kill ' im !|Knock his teeth out !
Knock his teeth out !|Bastard ! Red ! Son of a Red ! Red !
I missed you . Really ? It 's wonderful that you came here to see me .|Don 't say that . How are you ?
Thank you . Thank you . It 's good to be here . Like to say hello to two of my friends .|This poem is called
You must be brave .|Peace on this house and family . Amen .
Stand back and watch the hordes of these conflicted souls perform their final unconflicted act .|You have no choice .
You have no choice .|That 's what I 'm talking about ! One more time , man , for Ashton Beluso .
Please , Lord , have mercy on our departed grandfather . Don 't punish him for his deeds ... for he meant to do Your will . As true faith bound him to the Believers here ... now may Your mercy place him in the choir of angels on high .|Don 't stand there , come in .
Oh , she 's cool . Hey , I 'm the first .|Help me please ! Save me ! Someone help me !
I 'm sorry . I didn 't wanna hurt you .|You 're my only friend .
Father , I 'm guilty .|Everyone is guilty , what 's the problem .
There seems to be another person in my body .|Everyone has two souls , it depends .
Everyone has two souls , it depends .|I have killed many men while making love .
Mmm , it 's delicious .|I don 't know . For some reason , everything is tasting so much better to me lately .
3 times real hard .|Harder .
Sister , I think that this was all a dream for you .|It 's not possible to kill someone while making love .
That 's enough . It 's not your turn .|Once .
Your turn now . Hurry up !|Go on , a hard one . Good ! Not bad . The little ol ' priest ... oughta bless your whip .
Sister , what 's the matter ? What are you doing here ?|Father , the flashlight .
Oh , my balls ! How tasty They are ! Thank You , Lord , for this divine dish .|God , You gave them to me and took them away . Blessed be Your holy name .
Oh , this is wonderful . You must be so happy .|No , mom , I 'm not .
Most stars ' light takes y ears to reach us . The North Star takes about 40 years . With a huge teles cope , They calculated the distance ... to a star millions of miles away . This star 's light takes 10 thousand years to arrive . We see it now as it was 10 thousand y ears ago . Its light existed before the pyramids . For centuries and centuries ...|Into the closet with the rats !
Father , the flashlight .|Stand up , please , I 'll help you .
Sir , maybe it 's the address of the killer ?|But why ?
Why talk about your Papa ?|Why tell you he was a traitor ?
But why ?|If so , it is possible there will be another victim .
Thrown into prison , that he even tried to commit suicide ?|I sacrificed my whole life for you and this is the thanks I get .
Because you were trying to suppress the visions , the sounds . But your headaches are gone now . What if there aren 't any visions or sounds to suppress ? What if the spirits themselves have just vanished ?|Couldn 't be .
Yes .|No . It 's time to wake up .
But I don 't want you to overdo it just ' cause you feel good . Let 's remember you suffered a head trauma , so the slightest symptom and you tell Jim right away .|There isn 't anything I don 't tell Jim .
There isn 't anything I don 't tell Jim .|Ok .
Colonel ... my husband 's been corrupted by progressive ideas .|He 's an enemy of the nation .
I never told your father about my visions .|I was afraid it would be too disturbing . Course he ended up leaving me anyway , so
And go to five hours later .|It 's the same , it 's dark .
It 's the same , it 's dark .|If so , go to one hour later .
If so , go to one hour later .|Wait . Please return !
I 've failed .|A lifetime of sacrifice for nothing !
Time of death , 14 : 35 .|Mom , did you see that ?
Will you marry me ?|Will I marry you ... you beanpole ? !
Yes , I did .|Andrea , I saw one .
It 's proof he 's really dead .|That , Fando ... is my Dr. Plumb pipe . Dr. Plumb ? Yes , Dr. Plumb . It 's the only pipe I smoke .
Well , Crane , I will marry you .|No , Heron !
No , Heron !|I 've already changed my mind about marrying you . Go back where you came from !
... . we 're gonna have to take this thing in by ourselves . Well , that means losing the ship . I haven 't taken a vote yet but I have a sneaking suspicion that if it comes to deciding between losing the ship or our lives , you guys are gonna pick the ship .|Mathews , I want you to aim us for a spot a few miles off the coast of Los Angeles . I want a lot of people to see us coming down .
Mathews , I want you to aim us for a spot a few miles off the coast of Los Angeles . I want a lot of people to see us coming down .|That way we 're covered no matter what the problem is .
I know I haven 't been here for you , but I know this boy means a lot to you .|I understand that now .
No .|Put the women in the truck .
Put the women in the truck .|The guys ... . The usual .
The government came up with a plan . Thanks to the Noah Objective , in six to ten years , the world 's animal population will be thriving once again . You cannot exterminate every animal on the planet and then repopulate it . But messing with Mother Nature could be catastrophic , so a group of us are trying to save the animals . Jackson Oz and Abraham Kenyatta , animal experts . Dariela Marzan , army ranger . Jamie Campbell , a reporter who 's been following this story , found me , Mitch Morgan , a veterinary pathologist .|Together , we 're going to find a cure for the animals . Time is running out .
Nope ! All right , get the needle . Get the needle .|Why didn 't the nitrous oxide work ?
I found myself a prisoner trapped on the shoreline by shear trusses hundreds of feet high .|I decided to try and climb my way out .
I came here once before , but I gave up too soon . Something is pulling the spirits away , Caitlin , but the young and strong can resist .|Brian is here . I know it .
Come on .|My ring !
Is he unconscious ? Looks like he 's getting there . Damn , that thing is ugly . Imagine if it made it downtown . Would have turned South Beach into the South Pole . Yeah , I 've had enough cold for a while . So , Logan and I are gonna take the other SUV . Sounds good to me .|Wish I could put Logan in there with you .
What 's out there ?|There 's nothing .
There 's nothing .|You 'd think we 'd at least see part of the lights .
Brian is ?|Right now ?
I wonder if there are any wild animals around here .|Probably nothing dangerous .
Maybe he was punishing me . I don 't know what kind of father does that to their own son .|Jackson . So you asked me how I 'm doing and the truth is , Abe , is that I am barely holding on .
The rubble in the valley below was all that was left of what was once a great city .|It had finally happened .
It had finally happened .|The last great war which mankind had all but obliterated himself .
Jackson . So you asked me how I 'm doing and the truth is , Abe , is that I am barely holding on .|It 's taking everything I have to just keep my head straight .
Hey , keeping you in one piece has always been my job .|Perhaps some things never change .
His dance teacher ?|Oh , my god .
I just saw her , and she looked so pretty .|And I was afraid that you woke up and realized that you shouldn 't be with someone like me .
In a matter of only a few days I 've watched as the world was ripped apart and its people destroyed . There 's no more food , no more water , no more help .|Of the major cities of the world all have been either partially or completely destroyed .
Didn 't you know that ? Didn 't you know I loved you ? He wants you to know that he woke up every day thinking how lucky he was to have you .|He wants to know if you knew how much he loved you . I know now .
He wants to know if you knew how much he loved you . I know now .|Brian , I don 't know how I 'm gonna live without you .
Brian , I don 't know how I 'm gonna live without you .|You 're the only person that I 've ever met that 's made me feel special .
You 're the only person that I 've ever met that 's made me feel special .|Like I count .
Over here !|Down ! Down !
Tell her she 'll find that again .|Tell her that I want her to .
Soon I 'll be unable to care for myself at all . So if I must die I prefer to do it here quietly where they can 't find me .|I wonder what he meant by : " they " .
Abe , go !|Get on the ground , pretty boy .
Where 's Davies ? Where is Davies ?|Hello , Jackson . It 's a good thing the army ranger wasn 't here . She could 've complicated things . Just find Campbell .
I 'm hurting right now .|I can tell by looking at your face you love the way things turned out .
Trotter . Trotter . The signal 's blocked . Oh , Logan . Thank God . Where have you been ? I 've been looking for you everywhere . Davies has some kind of scrambling device set up . You can 't get anything out . Well , unless we disable it . Those are trained killers down there . And they already have everybody else . There 's no fighting this thing . We need to go .|What are you talking about ?
Well , it did come .|Only to me it 's not great .
Only to me it 's not great .|It 's just scary .
It 's just scary .|I guess what I 'm trying to say is
The Egyptians had an amazing culture .|In many respects their lifestyle exceeded even that of the 20th century .
Come here .|Get them upstairs . This op 's already taken longer than it should have .
We learned differently , didn 't we ?|I wonder has it ever struck you strangely paradoxical in the end it was the smallest things that did us in , tiny little invisible particles we couldn 't even see by the naked eye ?
Go .|Jamie , where are you going ? To find Logan ! The sloth !
My name is Melinda Gordon .|I just got married , just moved to a small town , just opened up an antique shop .
Twentieth century catastrophe .|At last . Perhaps an apt expression , Mr. Newman .
Logan , wait .|You 're right . Whatever it takes .
Except from the time that I was a little girl , I knew that I could talk to the dead .|It 's all right , honey . Earthbound spirits , my grandmother called them , the ones who have not crossed over because they have unfinished business with the living , and they come to me for help .
I heard that . Hello ?|Hello ?
I don 't see anybody here .|Well , something was here , trust me .
What do you mean ?|Well , you 're an astronaut , Mr. Newman . I suppose I don 't have to tell you what that means .
Fine , ate a pint of cherry garcia and watched survivor . Aha . Maybe you 're being haunted by your conscience .|Seriously , Melinda , this thing scared the hell out of me .
Seriously , Melinda , this thing scared the hell out of me .|You 're used to this stuff , but I am not .
Not that I 've heard .|Has anything weird ever happened here before even though it didn 't feel like it at the time ?
Davies ?|Davies !
Gonna have to open him up . See if there 's any internal bleeding . Sure it 's safe ? Well , its body temperature is still within normal range . Yeah , for now , but happens when he wakes up and gets all Mr. Freeze on us ? Unless you want to turn this plane around and go back ... No , no , no , no , we have to get to my mother .|Oh , no , no , no . Crap .
You know , like someone 's watching me . Then it goes away and I feel fine .|I 'm kinda freaked out .
Where 's the defibrillator ? It 's out of commission , so I got the next best thing . Ants ? A defibrillator delivers an electric charge straight to the heart . So some electrically charged ants ought to do the trick . Do we have a choice ? Tell me you have good news for me , Allison . A rescue team is en route . Thank you . Don 't thank me . I had to falsify documents to a fake crisis and lie to a decorated colonel . If your team finds my mother , then you will get the general back when we land in Mozambique . You have my word . But right now , I don 't have time for this , okay ? We are about to lose an animal and our only shot at the cure ... Whatever it is , I need to speak with Davies right now . I need to make sure that he 's still breathing . Fine . Jackson ?|What the hell is going on here ? Jackson . Is he dead ? Just for a minute .
Are you okay ?|It was such a quick look . You know , he was ... He was tall . Brown hair , early thirties , scratches all over his face . He was moving backwards , like he was being sucked away . And he was shouting .
He 's back ! He 's back . You used the antivenom . You coward . The information you hold is far more valuable than your life . Lucky for you .|Okay , Allison , you heard Davies . He 's alive . Now find her . Jackson ?
But I could tell by our conversation that he was very sensitive , and loving child . I felt we would become good friends .|And so we did .
Then what are we gonna do ?|Oh , I thought we might look around and see if we can salvage a few things for the house .
I 'll wager that 's the first time since this started that an animal actually saved someone 's life . Keep your mouth shut . Seriously , how many people do the animals have to kill before you wake up ? The animals are sick . When people are ill , you take them to the doctor . And when a dog has rabies , you put it down . You don 't travel around the world looking for a magic wand . You may not like this , but the Noah Objective is the only way to protect the people and save the animals . Robert Oz said so himself . I 'll believe that when I hear it come out of his own mouth .|Tell me where he is . No . And if you ask me that question one more time , when your friend Jackson comes back , I 'm gonna tell him your little secret .
Stop that . Wait a minute . Stop it .|Now answer me , why did you shoot at us ?
And you know why .|What do you mean ?
Nevertheless , I 'm staying put .|But promise me you 'll call me if anything happens .
Robert told you that ?|Actually , you just did .
Do not show him that you 're afraid .|It makes him stronger .
Tell me more about this Cutter .|He 's ... .
Take me there .|Oh , man . It 's even worse with the lights on .
He has a camp where he and his followers hold women and children prisoners .|Usually kills the men .
You don 't need to look out for me . If you want to protect someone , go be with your daughter .|Wow . You 're gonna make this about Clementine now , really ? No , no . It 's about you . And me . This , this ... If I don 't have a fraction of a clue about something , it 's what this even is . Well , yeah , that makes two of us .
Who 's joking ?|He 's here .
Jackson . Dede , have you seen my mother ?|Have you seen Elizabeth ?
What happened here ?|Dede , it 's okay . We were sleeping , I heard screams of terror . Everyone was dead . Elizabeth ran into the woods . What did this ?
This is the first time in over a year I 've felt safe .|You look like a different person .
He definitely knows you .|I got a better look at him this time .
I got a better look at him this time .|Oh , this is right after college , we took a train trip to Europe .
Her small eyes , shimmer and shine , Like rounded gems , the butterfly .|I try to catch her , alas , She flutters away , the butterfly .
I don 't know . I mean , I thought I had everything I wanted , but there was always something missing .|I could never quite put my finger on it .
I could never quite put my finger on it .|Well , it looks like the search for it 's been fun .
Several weeks passed .|I decided to teach Christopher how to handle a firearm .
I decided to teach Christopher how to handle a firearm .|He was amazing .
Listen brother !|Oh brother ...
On the far targets he was fairly haphazard .|But on those of 25 feet or less he was amazingly accurate .
Um , he quit to take a trip around the world .|We had so many conversations about that .
He knew this was no game . And that one day , his life , or the life of someone he loved , might very well depend on how well he learned his lessons now .|Boy , it 's a big camp . It 'll be fortified on all four sides .
Tough times are here , We 're uprooted from our soil|This era of blindness , Has gouged our eyes
Here are where their weapons and ammunition are kept . Here is where he keeps the women and children prisoner .|Cutter himself holds up at this side of the camp . And the rest of his men , they 're scattered all over the place .
The good ones are forgotten , The good for nothings , praised|The enemy ...
Time to know your enemy , Time to know your enemy|Satan is blank and white , Your life trapped in his vice
Where 's the mother ? Sarah said she was gonna be in here too .|You 're not being very friendly .
Colours that multicolour , Colours that discolour|The colour , it breaks , Now it looks fake
Party 's over , Cutter . Move over , let the girl get dressed .|I don 't know who you are , but you just made a big mistake . Well , it certainly won 't be my first mistake . But it maybe your last if you don 't start moving . Come on .
On this deathly night , We lose all our senses|Hands bruised and burnt ...
Hands bruised and burnt , Get a gift of boiling wax Time to know your enemy , Time to know your enemy|The delusion of illusion , Money , it reigns supreme
The search for happiness is on , But all directions are blurred|This razzle dazzle , Yes brother This razzmatazz , Yes brother This scam sham , Yes brother These fancy malls , Yes brother Free for all , Yes brother This great fall , Yes brother Scam sham , huge malls , Great Fall , Great Fall
What about ? You know , in life ... so far . Do you feel like we 've ... done enough ? Ask me in 40 years .|Well , if I can still hear you then .
Very much .|The following morning Chris and I made a final supply run into the city .
There are too many of them . You 'll be killed too .|Maybe .
Tell me .|I wanted to speak to you about Narayan Kamble 's arrest .
It just feels like nothing 's ever gonna be ... any different no matter where we are or what we do .|I think you 're right .
I don 't want to continue to live in a world where baby killers walk around unpunished .|It 's got to be done , Chris .
I don 't think it 's gonna be any different .|It 's gonna be you and me ... in love . Grandview or Egypt .
Didn 't you tell him ? He was right there .|What did you tell us ? You didn 't tell us anything .
You understand ?|I think I do .
I think I do .|I hope you do , son .
Why would a ghost say he 's not dead ?|Sometimes they don 't know .
In one of his songs , Kamble incited all manhole workers to commit suicide .|No , he didn 't say anything of that sort .
No , he didn 't say anything of that sort .|That 's what you are saying .
This is for Helen .|This is for Mathews .
Can you tell me if a Charlie McMartin works here ?|You 're looking for Charlie ?
I tried his place and just got his machine , and no one answered here .|It gets busy sometimes .
I don 't know , son .|No one does .
Hello . Good morning ma 'am . What do you need ? Notary , stamp duty , affidavit ? I 'll do it all .|Your next date is 5th September .
Dennis . Oh . Right .|Good . I thought you 're probably too tall for Charlie .
When did you realise that your watch has been stolen ?|Our family had gone out of town ...
Maybe you ?|Maybe .
You missed . Now it 's my turn .|You underestimated me , Newman .
Is it a bible passage ?|Not from any bible I 've ever heard .
Not from any bible I 've ever heard .|That is so weird . I ran every database on Dennis . It 's like he was a phantom .
I 'm afraid so . Newman , I don 't want you to die . Don 't cry , son .|You 'll be all right .
You 'll be all right .|We had some good times together , haven 't we ?
No luck . So Dennis leaves his job , drops everything , starts a new life , and leaves no trace of himself ? We know he went to see his brother , and we know they went somewhere together .|St. John .
Not really .|I do remember him volunteering at a hospital and doing some pro bono work at a senior center . Wait a minute . Maybe it 's a hospital . There 's a St. Johns hospital over in Bay Ridge .
Proceed . But my client can also buy a watch from America , right ?|Please read the report carefully .
Please read the report carefully .|He has submitted the bill , the serial number of the watch .
Family doesn 't know that he 's dead , his body 's unclaimed .|What do the numbers mean then ?
Professor Gleason .|Beg pardon , madam . Professor Gleason is here .
I 'm sorry , Mr. Manderley .|Wait a minute . Here 's a possibility . Doctor , if you saw the body in a hotel in town ... couldn 't you say he died there ? It will save my wife and me a great deal of pain and embarrassment . We could take Gleason to the hotel at Mojave Wells . I 'll make it worth your risk . No one knows of his death yet except the three of us . No one need ever know .
But nobody 'll tell me what happened .|Please .
Please .|You know I hate coming to hospitals .
Who 's there ?|Is anybody down there ?
Thank you . For Mr. Fletcher .|Thank you .
His name is Dennis McMartin . I used to work with him . Family ? Relatives ?|He has a brother , but we haven 't been able to find him .
Case number 135 ... One minute , one minute ... what about these people ?|They were travelling in the handicapped compartment of a train .
Okay , fine them 500 rupees each and let them go .|Don 't do this again .
Come on .|MUMBAI PRESS ASSOCIATION
Nightshade gather Ming Toy to ancestors .|Killer very sane . Also thorough .
As a matter of fact he did die . Several times , total flatline . But we brought him back with the paddles .|And there was nobody else found with him ? Nope . Just like he dropped in from the sky .
And there was nobody else found with him ? Nope . Just like he dropped in from the sky .|Who else should we notify ? We 're still looking for his family .
Who else should we notify ? We 're still looking for his family .|We need to stick close by in case he flatlines again .
Thank you , thank you very much .|Satyajit , thank you so much for sharing your experiences with us .
He is a practising criminal lawyer , who specialises in criminal justice and human rights .|He is also one of the founding members of a legal centre called Nidaan .
I 'm not trying to tell you how to do your job .|I 'm just asking you .
We file a habeas corpus petition , we manage to secure bail , and the cases go on for two years .|Now it 's April 2010 , Mohsin is finally being released by the courts without a single conviction .
Trust me . I 'm sure the guy 's brother is up there .|What if it was your brother , your son ?
I don 't like people . So I never meet my passengers till we clear port . We sail with the morning tide , and see that nobody else goes aboard that ship . And keep an eye out forJimmy Chan He 's been trying to crash this cruise for a week I want no coppers or coppers 'kids on my boat If a stowaway is my only problem , I 'd be lucky You 'd better get back to that old lady .|Help Let me go Let me go
What if it was your brother , your son ?|One of my guys found this up near the ridge .
Help Let me go Let me go|Please let me go Help Hello , beautiful . Where have you been ? Hello , beautiful . What are you doing later ?
It was going to lost and found .|That 's him . That 's his brother . He is here .
Mr. Daniels ?|My good man . Have you any idea where they 've gone ?
We 're gonna need a chopper .|Copy that , we will be airbone in about 10 minutes .
There is sufficient evidence collected through police investigation , as presented to your honour , that the suicide of Vasudev Pawar was provoked by a performance of accused party , Narayan Kamble and his troupe , that took place at Sitladevi Nagar on 21 st August , is the locality in which the deceased resided , and was seen in attendance of the performance in question .|It should be noted that the suicide took place just two days after the performance .
I just came from there .|No change .
Entire party here now . Would suggest ... all holders of map fragments ... present same to me for protection . But , Mr. Chan , I understood that Miss Nodbury ... didn 't want the map put together until we anchored off Cocos Island . So .|Your portion of map , please . Did she send you one , Laura ? Give it up , darling . Mr. Chan is right . A corpse has no place on a honeymoon .
Thanks . So do you .|I hope you don 't mind me saying this , but you 're also incredibly beautiful .
Yes .|Would that just be totally inappropriate ?
Okay .|Hey .
That is not a valid point .|Your honour , there is not a single witness in the chargesheet who claims to have seen such a song being performed .
I 'm asking for a matter of seconds to save someone else 's life .|No . Anything else ? Doctor , I know how this sounds , but Melinda 's telling the truth .
There are protocols . There are strict medical procedures that have to be followed . It 's very cut and dried and clear . There is nothing cut and dried or clear about my world or yours . You just don 't get it .|Why don 't we just take a breath for a minute , okay ?
Concept and Screen Play|Dramaturgy
Dramaturgy|Producer
I 've got work to do .|He 's really not a bad guy . He 's just always been this way .
But where have I come here in all these days ?|Then why haven 't you some ? Earlier at least you would come on Sundays , now you have stopped that as well . Mom , don 't bore me , I am almost done here .
What 's going on ?|Oh , it 's already morning ... So I 've got lots to do . Take my hat .
Yes , what was it , this and that ... Ok , it 's time to get to it ...|Good morning Buttercup ! You look good today !
Wow ! Here I am taking your side and you are fighting with me instead ?|But why are you changing the topic ? What 's the topic ? There is no topic . I am getting late , I have to go . Please just serve me the lunch .
Hey , hey !|Teddy , Teddy hurry up , no dawdling .
No , come join us for lunch . Get a plate for him as well .|No , I just had lunch .
" Waiting room "|Oh , it 's already eight !
Attention please ! The international express : High Tatras , Alaska , Paris , Tokyo . Will pass through on platform one . End of announcement .|The Kasparov family , late as usual .
That 'll be anotherfifteen crowns , understand ?|Forward ... Take that , and that ...
You know , it 's like , uh ... it 's like when you know someone is about to watch a great movie they haven 't seen before and you 're almost more excited that they are about what 's gonna happen next , you know .|I think this guy had a thing for you .
But didn 't you just say he 's a close friend ?|You have all gone mad !
Dennis .|Dennis , can you hear me ?
We wanted to speak about Vasudev 's death .|Yes , they had brought his body .
Take that !|Take that ! Phooey !
Go away !|Take that you beast ! Go away !
So thanks for that , Dennis .|For what you did for me ... without even knowing it .
You don 't worry , I will translate it for you if you don 't understand anything .|I used to work in a mill .
Show me .|It 's a dirty old hag , as old as Moses .
Look .|Dr. Peltier .
Schubert !|Friends !
And clear !|Dennis ?
Are you associated with any political or social group ?|No , not in the last seven or eight years .
What 's going on ? Hello ? Do you hear me ?|Tomcat !
Hey look , we 're gonna be there now in half an hour . And you might have a lead on the location , right ?|You okay ?
You okay ?|I will be .
Buttercup !|Teddy !
Sir Handsome !|Take that ...
I had the feeling of waking up ...|I was looking down on someone .
Come quickly , I 'll tell you everything on the way . And where 's Schubert ? He said he 'll be up here immediately .|" International border . No trespassing ! "
Let 's move on now .|I have his records , I will look into them . You talk about the case .
I remembered my brother .|He was still up there with my father . I had to help .
He was still up there with my father . I had to help .|No one could see me or hear me .
Who are you ? And what do you want from me , Sir ? Absolutely nothing . Only you .|Let me go home immediately !
Let me go home immediately !|Delightful .
No one could see me or hear me .|I tried to move .
Just as I had imagined you .|You will like it here with me , you 'll see !
And then I thought of Andrea .|Her face just came into my head .
Proceed .|Why did you decide on that particular location ?
Come now ...|Not that !
My little kitten will show her claws .|Teddy , Sir Handsome , Schubert ! Help ...
How do you like it in your new house my child ?|You better let me go . My friends will return and I have to cook for them .
You better let me go . My friends will return and I have to cook for them .|I see you don 't know who you 're speaking to , I am all powerful .
I was cold in that body , in pain , and I didn 't wanna feel any of that anymore .|I remember wanting to cry .
I kept coming back to Andrea .|I didn 't even know how . I just had to get to her , somehow .
Tell me this ... " Manhole workers , all of us should commit suicide by suffocating inside the gutters "|Did you perform a song with this theme on that day ?
And do a proper cleaning here , little beauty .|Sir Handsome , are we there yet ?
No .|Okay then have you written such a song ever ?
Now I 'm sure that I can hear , a mountain storm is coming near .|Sir Handsome , careful , run away !
Teddy ... here I am !|Handsome ! Handsome !
Ranger groundleader , we copy .|Stay on course .
We 'll call you when we get to the ridgeline .|Let 's go , guys !
But the one they sell on TV didn 't seem that expensive .|Oh , don 't buy the one on TV . So many people told me that they got duped .
Now she is regretting .|Ultimately they are not blood relatives .
You think this room is clean ?|If you 're so smart , clean it yourself .
You 're close . My father used to bring us here when we were kids , whenever we were getting out of control and he wanted us to bond .|That 's why you brought them up here again ?
That 's why you brought them up here again ?|Yeah , halfway up Charlie slipped and I went off the ridge trying to grab him .
Yeah , halfway up Charlie slipped and I went off the ridge trying to grab him .|He fell down there .
He fell down there .|Charlie ?
Hey , buddy , You 're gonna be okay .|Where 's his father ? Where 's your dad ?
If you 're looking for the brother , he 's over there .|You okay ?
Help ! Help ...|Help ...
Look , you live in a world where you can sometimes influence life and death , and|I respect that , but sometimes it 's just out of our hands , at least on earth .
Are you telling me people come back after they die ?|Do you know a Dr. Norris ?
He was my intern . He died last year .|He wants to say thank you .
With any luck we 'll meet her .|Calling the administration center .
So tell us in detail , what was he saying and who was he referring to ...|He was saying ...
An airship through the heaven wends !|Come on Teddy , it 's ourfriends !
Come on Teddy , it 's ourfriends !|Here !
He 's saying you 're a great teacher .|This can 't be happening .
Here ! Here we are !|And that 's it ...
You have come wearing a sleeveless top to the court hearing .|This is against the code of conduct in court .
Watch out below !|They want to drown us !
Dad ! What are you doing ? Relax ! Please sit here .|I 'll explain everything to you . Just sit here for a moment .
Stop ! Get on board !|Schubert ! Schubert !
Wait ! I 'll catch you !|Not even the mouse can be spared , do you hear me ?
We will teach them a lesson . Everyone to their weapons !|Shoot at every living thing ...
Set the table !|We must celebrate our victory !
Come with me now . Everybody 's waiting for you .|Who ?
You immigrants !|First , you took our jobs from us .
You 'll see .|Will you tell Andrea that I had a crush on her too ?
I will .|Are they gone ?
Get lost !|Get lost ! Go !
Wow .|Never been this close when it 's happened .
That two days ago , Narayan Kamble had performed the song , after which Vasudev committed suicide .|Who told you this ?
Someone called Nilesh Tawde , he told us . Then , we got Shankar Bhoir as a witness .|Nilesh Tawde lives in the same slum ?
Then why isn 't Nilesh Tawde 's statement included in the report ?|We had recorded the statement but later he withdrew it .
By Jove !|Stay ! Be quiet !
No old statement , no new statement , and no sign of the person either ...|We keep waiting on this one case for years ?
Come here ! Hurry , here she is !|Darn it , don 't crowd ! Slowly ! Slowly ! Carefully !
Darn it , don 't crowd ! Slowly ! Slowly ! Carefully !|Buttercup ! Wake up !
No , no , I 'll do something .|Continue .
She 's not moving ! I have an idea !|I know mouth to mouth . I swear !
Yeah . What 's up ?|No , I 'm still in Grandview .
Thank you , your honour .|So tell me ...
Quickly , come help me !|What ?
Melinda .|What are you doing ? The door was open .
That 's a beauty !|I don 't want to be impolite friends . But , who has a birthday today ? We do ! We all have birthdays today !
Your honour , the search conducted at my client 's house was illegal .|The investigating officer did not have a search warrant , and the search was conducted in the presence of a minor , who was alone in the house .
Yes . Yes ... Speaking ...|Tomorrow afternoon ?
Yes , okay ... no problem ...|Yes , I got it ... Then I 'll bring all my works to your comic books company . May I have your address please ?
I 'm assuming not in a cute Pixar , Toy Story kind of way . Ah , no . It was menacing .|Wow . What do you think he wants ? I don 't know . I 'll have to go back and see him later . Well , my advice : Stay away from the nanny , ' cause that chick 's a little off . This is so sad . I 'm just trying to catch a glimpse of my husband . You didn 't see him this morning ? He left before I woke up . Why don 't you go on over and say hi ? 'Cause I don 't want to bug him while he 's at work . Besides , he promised that he 'd get off early and make me a romantic dinner . Ok , you just completely lost my sympathy .
Yes , IFC .  Yes , I got it ...|IFC in Kwun Tong ?
Hi , sweetheart !|Are you having your lunch ? Oh ! Sweet potatoes . My favorite .
Most of the time , yes .|But she can howl like a banshee when she wants something .
I don 't see what illegal activity or planning the officer is talking about .|No , but these people are smart . They write in code language .
Shit !|Damn !
We 've given the letter to the Intelligence Department ...|They will find out .
I 've a problem .|Hi , Julia ? Well , there 's only one set of lingerie left in the dresser . Wonder if there 's a sex maniac broke in last night and stole them ... except for this set ? Fortunately , this is the set I like most .
Uh , memories about her son ?|She told you about Daniel ?
No way , Julia doesn 't like me being frivolous . Julia , could you spare me a few minutes ?|I sincerely apologize to you . Yesterday I missed our big day because today is so important to me .
You want to continue ?|No , I 'm done sir .
Out of that , two are banned by the government , and illegal to own .|One is a manuscript called Goymar Manas , by Saint Kashinath , written in 1899 .
Spongy Chicken . One please ... Okay , just a sec . Be careful ... it 's hot . Thanks .|Hey , that 's mine ! Sorry . That one is mine . Okay ... thanks . The spongy chicken is good . Yes . Waiter , one please . Okay ... be careful , it 's really hot . Bill please .
I order Spongy Chicken for the ham . Ham ? Then why don 't you go to a steak house and order ham steak instead ? You 've come to a tea house to order spongy chicken just for the ham ? Did I tell you not to eat the side dish ? I 'm just telling you to eat the ham first . You still don 't get it . The stuffing of spongy chicken is leftovers from yesterday . The maw is just pig 's skin .|The ham is the most precious ingredient .
Is that right , kid ? Yes ... You 're wrong ! The best part of Spongy Chicken is the fish maw . Maw is spongy tissue . It absorbs all the essence and juice from chicken and ham . That 's why it 's called Spongy Chicken . Am I right , kid ? I agree ... I 've told you it 's not fish maw , it 's just pig 's skin . Kid , do you think it 's fish maw or pig 's skin ? Answer me ! In a word ... it 's spongy tissue . Everybody 's happy now . You 'd better put a sponge in it to absorb the juice ... then you can just eat the sponge . I don 't want to carry on this nonsense argument with you . Go eat your spongy tissue !|It 's your ham , pig ! Here 's your spongy tissue ! I 'm warning you ... What ? Don 't ruin my spongy tissue . Pick it up ! You ruin my ham in the first place . Eat it ! And don 't shit it out ! Spongy Chicken ! Spongy Chicken ! Go to hell !
Remember that customer I told you about ? The fashion designer ?|Her kid died and I saw him today .
I 'm really very awake .|Let the machine get it .
Yes , but it is still harmful and irrational .|Your honour , how can he say that ? This is very insulting .
How is this insulting ?|Stop this discussion please .
Here 're all my works .|We must have all these synopsises .
We must have all these synopsises .|I 've the traditional Chinese version , simplified Chinese version . I 've also considered the Asian markets . The Japanese version , the Korean version , and English version , too . So we can send it to Pixar or Dreamworks in the near future . But I read really slow . No problem , I talk fast . Then you tell me the story .
She promised me !|Hang on . The baby 's crying . Listen , I 'm gonna have to call you back .
There you are . Hey .|It 's all right . That was weird , huh ?
It 's a story about the impermanence of life .|That 's why everybody should buy insurance .
Mrs. Ho , unfortunately your husband has passed away .|But fortunately he did buy insurance from our company .
It 's all right . That was weird , huh ?|That was weird , but everything 's fine now .
Proceed ...|Your honour , I would like to call Sharmila Vasudev Pawar , wife of Vasudev Dhyanesh Pawar , to the stand .
Your honour , I would like to call Sharmila Vasudev Pawar , wife of Vasudev Dhyanesh Pawar , to the stand .|Permission granted .
Permission granted .|Come .
What do you want ? Leave us alone !|Get away !
Your husband died , there was a police case ...|After the autopsy , no one claimed the body either .
Georgina !|Georgina ?
In fact , Mr. Kwan could have done better than this . If he had asked your husband to buy a plan with bigger death benefit , and make your husband 's death more worthwhile . The two of us have to rely on each other from now on . That 's the reason you have to rely on insurance plan .|Are you asking me to buy insurance ?
Are you asking me to buy insurance ?|I am asking both of you to buy insurance . In case there 's anything happen to you , your son can rely on that . Or the other way round , you 'll still get a cheque .
Sudden death when playing videogames ... Losing their fingers by door ... Mom !|Head got stuck in portable desk ... Eye got pierced by pencil ... And ... strangled by windows blinds strings . You see , life is so impermanent .
I gave her a crossword puzzle . It seemed to do something . Just one more woman that finds you irresistible .|So , do you have any contact information on Christine ? Yeah . Her number was in the kitchen . I left a message on her cell phone and her assistant 's . Thank you .
Why did you leave for the village ?|Because I was ... What ? Because you were what ?
From the time you got married , did Vasudev always clean gutters ?|Yes .
Yes .|Meaning he was used to this job ?
You bought another car again ? I bought this after contemplation . There 's a hole in the ozone layer . Really ? This is an environmental friendly car . Where 's your old car ? I took it to a scrap yard . You took a mint condition car to scrap yard ? And you say that 's environmental friendly ? Mrs. Cheung drives the same car . Which Mrs. Cheung ? The wife of Jackie Cheung  . The salesman told me so .|Really ?
Really ?|Hello ? Didn 't you get my text message ? Why didn 't you reply ?
Georgina ?|Georgina ?
Georgina ?|There 's something in that house . What ? It was the boy . He did this to me .
I really have to thank God for giving me such a rich husband . Well , give them back to me then . I want them , what makes you think I don 't ? I 'll use yours to pack those under a hundred dollars . For those over a hundred , I 'll use those with my husband 's last name printed on it . People will still know I 'm giving out big red packets .|Right !
Right !|Aren 't we going to your place ?
Aren 't we going to your place ?|This is my place , I 've just moved in .
Looking for something ?|I know you 're here .
Okay , now tell me ...|Did he ever talk to you about suicide ?
Okay ... move on .|Now tell me ...
Hello ? Where are you ?|Hey .
Honey , I 've been worried .|Is everything ok ? Yeah . Yeah , everything 's good . I think spirit boy 's messing with my head , but otherwise , things are fine . You 're amazing to do this .
Your honour , I think she is nervous , and not able to recollect any details .|I request another date for questioning .
Yeah , she was up just a few minutes ago .|You 're wasting your time , Daniel .
Right . Remember to buy home insurance from my sister .|But I just bought it from my patient .
Proceed .|When your husband would go to work , would he wear something to cover his mouth , eyes ?
I 'm almost done .|Is your sister okay ? She is a bit upset . You go and buy soy sauce , let me talk to her .
No .|Gum boots , or a mask , or something ? No .
Honey , we run out of soy sauce . Why don 't you dash off to buy some ? Order taken , my wife commander .|Let me go buy it , I need to shop something anyway .
Why aren 't you sleeping ? I gotta go to work soon .|Here . Let me try .
Here . Let me try .|How you doing , girl ?
Just now , you said he had lost an eye ... How did that happen ?|We couldn 't know exactly . The doctor said it was because of the dirt that went in his eye .
Makes you think , doesn 't it ? Sure . How can it not ?|You 'd make a great mom , you know that ?
You 'd make a great mom , you know that ?|Whoa . We 're not ready .
When ? You can 't put a clock on it . Your heart tells you when you 're ready , not your bank account .|I 'm just not there yet .
This is as per his wife 's statement .|This may have led to the loss of an eye during work .
Maybe once or twice more .|I don 't have much work as it is . If I have to keep coming here , I 'll lose whatever I have in hand .
I don 't have much work as it is . If I have to keep coming here , I 'll lose whatever I have in hand .|When I left for my village , I lost all my work here .
When I left for my village , I lost all my work here .|If there is some work for me , please let me know . Yes , I will . I am ready to work anywhere .
The bag is mine . He ... he snatched my bag . Yes , I ...|Maybe you 'd have a drink to calm down .
Thanks , honey .|Sis .
But you don 't live here anymore . I mean , don 't you get it ? You 're mother 's leaving because of you . You 've driven her out . She was hardly ever here anyway .|The job always came first for my mom and dad .
Hello ... Long time no see . How are you ? Happy New Year ...|Do you need such a big house ? It 's necessary ... Necessary ? Do I need to take off my shoes ? Never mind . Have a seat ... Fatty .
That 's expensive . You are knowledgeable , it 's quite an expensive one .|Do you have Danny Summer 's and Cai Qin 's CDs ? Dinner Winter and Cuisine are available now . Come on , dinner is ready . You sure know how to do wordplay , bravo ...
Lots of moms work hard .|You just don 't get it !
Sis , long time no see .|Look at your hairdo , you have taken at least 3 hours to set it . Just like a noble lady .
No suicide letter has been found , or any witness in whom the victim had confided about giving up his life .|Madam ...
Honey . I phoned you a couple of times . You didn 't answer your phone , where have you been ?|A little kiss . You drank at the nightclub again ?
Who ?|Suzanne .
They are ; State vs Mohammad Aslam , State vs Gajendra Kamat , State vs Krutika Modi .|And in all four cases , including this one , the investigating officer happens to be the same , Pradeep Shelke . I have no idea about this , your honour . I will look into this matter .
Sis , let me cook some cheese sausages and cheese balls for you .|Cheese sausages are fatty , and so are cheese balls . Honey , you 're fat .
Most importantly , Sharmila Pawar , wife of Vasudev Pawar , has testified in court that her husband had not expressed any intention of committing suicide , nor did she know of any circumstances that would lead him to such an act .|It anything , her statement only strengthened the possibility of the death being an accident caused under the influence of alcohol , and negligence of safety norms .
You guys are just flirting , don 't take it too hard . Can I pretend I haven 't been slapped ? Or I have been hit by a cheese ball ?|Actually I 'm starving . Shall we start dinner ? If she doesn 't apologize , I will leave .
It anything , her statement only strengthened the possibility of the death being an accident caused under the influence of alcohol , and negligence of safety norms .|Your honour , I would sincerely request you to grant my client bail , and also take into consideration his age , as medical reports show his health has been deteriorating severely .
Your honour , I would sincerely request you to grant my client bail , and also take into consideration his age , as medical reports show his health has been deteriorating severely .|Bail granted .
You hit my sis ? Sis , are you okay ? Shame on you for hitting a woman . Does it hurt ? Then I 'll hit a man . Stand still !|Honey , are you okay ?
He has jumped bail in previous cases .|Amount cannot be lowered .
I am gonna fight back ... Look at you , you just messed that all up , bastard . You are the one to be blamed on . Bastard ! What the hell ! Are you nuts ? Dare you bully my sis ... You shameless punk !|Don 't come over ... I 'll stab you . Scared ? I 'll strangle you to death ! I hate being hit in the head by sausages . I 'll strangle you to death ...
Don 't come over ... I 'll stab you . Scared ? I 'll strangle you to death ! I hate being hit in the head by sausages . I 'll strangle you to death ...|Stop that !
I thought if we had another child it would give us a second chance . And it didn 't .|Ted just couldn 't get back on track .
What 's written in this ?|You have to report every week at the Sitladevi Nagar Police Station .
Why did you stab my armpit ? You hit my sis ... You get lost ... Why did you stab my armpit ?|Stop that ... Blackmail me !
You had a nanny before . Suzanne . Do you know how I might reach her ?|Who told you about Suzanne ?
We would have arranged something .|Now this case is going to go on for years . Pay me when you can .
Oh , no .|Please don 't bring this whole thing up again . Do you have any idea how my wife 's life was destroyed by what happened to that boy ?
If they arrest you again and something goes wrong in the jail , what will we do ?|What 's the point of being so scared ?
What 's the point of being so scared ?|We will see what happens . But all of us get affected .
How blessed you are , O Lord !|How blessed you are , O Lord , With love that 's infinity Lots of pity , Lots of empathy
You eat now ! Dare you call my dad a thief ? Dare you call my mom a thief ? Damn ... Dare you say that ...|Thieves ...
How blessed you are , O Lord , With love that 's infinity Lots of pity , Lots of empathy|Paeans are sung about your courage , But this is a ballad of your kindness
Who the hell are you ?|Just a person who 's trying to help you .
Paeans are sung about your courage , But this is a ballad of your kindness|I present this ballad of gratitude , So listen to this ballad of gratitude , O Lord
It hurts . Go to hospital now . Don 't touch the chopsticks ... Sis , wait for me .|Won the fight but lost the family .
With one shot of your gun , The best of people are dawned Down in the dumps ! O Lord , our master , O Lord , our master|Yet you did not muffle me , Showed the courtesy to try me in court
This sounds more commercial ? Higher the death toll , the more commercial . Sure ... I could die too if you want .|I 'll talk to my boss , I 'll let you know .
Admist all this noise about the arts , Truth has lost its voice|Art is your hogwash , A deception in the name of aesthetics
Hand over these papers to him .|You don 't have to come now . We will let you know if we need you .
I will let the victim talk to you directly .|Hello ? Is it the police ?
Daniel ! Stop ! What are you doing ? !|Daniel !
Daniel !|By the time I got there , it was too late .
I saw him die .|He died right in front of me , looking at me .
Hello ? Ju ... Julia ?|Nothing special , I just got a new phone . I want to tell you ... This voice mail box is full .
Nothing special , I just got a new phone . I want to tell you ... This voice mail box is full .|Thanks .
I should have stopped him somehow . There must have been a way .|Maybe if I would have been quicker .
The inspector has authorised permission for arrest from his department chief .|Sir , but there is not enough evidence . I 've already submitted my client 's medical reports .
Sir , today is the last working day in court .|It will be a violation of my client 's fundamental rights if he will be placed in judicial custody for an entire month , without being proven guilty .
Come on , what are you rushing for ?|Why did you slam on my car ? I 'm asking you if you are rushing to hell ! Are you rushing to hell ?
You can still go to the High Court .|Accused to be remanded ... in judicial custody ... and ... to be produced in court ... on 7th July .
Yes . Got my business cards printed . For the time being , will juggle between my job and the consultancy .|Let 's see what happens .
You , stand here . I 'm not standing with him .|Miss , you 're not standing with him ? That 's fine . Just walk away from him when I say " action " . The front roll could stand up first . Right , sit down after I count to three .
We have recently found a new therapist , let 's wait and watch .|Is he still not speaking at all ? No , he does say words like ' ma ' , pa ' , etc ... But not complete sentences .
Daniel , I miss you so much .|Tell her I miss her , too .
They don 't want to sit at the same table , how could I arrange then ? Just tell them go sit at the head table . Here comes a guest . Welcome ! Welcome !|I was the classmate of the bride . Please autograph ...
Why is she here with all these old people ?|He wants to know why you 're not working with kids anymore . I haven 't really been able to be around kids . It 's better this way .
You must change his name . There is a problem with his name .|Show him to a good numerologist and get an opinion .
Has anyone got it ? Are you guys paying attention ?|44 .
He wants you to go and talk to Christine .|No .
I can 't . I ... no . I couldn 't face her .|I need her to tell my mother what I said right before I died .
Son , do it like last time . I don 't want to pee in the sink .|Why ... Why it 's not me ?
Keep talking as if I am not here , be natural .|You are great ...
He 's still here .|Are you completely out of your mind ?
I thought you won 't come , why are you here now ? So are you surprised ?|Did you forget that you promised to marry me .
It 's true .|I didn 't believe it either , but it 's true . Moving out of this house is not gonna solve anything . Daniel will follow you .
Imagine name , familyname and all circumstances of your enemy .|Beseech three times in your heart what you wish that person to experience .
Beseech three times in your heart what you wish that person to experience .|Then make a knot firmly .
Then make a knot firmly .|Blow on the knot .
Blow on the knot .|Then give it back to me .
This is too much .|Ask her if she remembers the promise . He wants to know if you remember the promise you made .
You two should play mahjong . Mahjong can 't be played by just two persons . Buddy ...|You can 't play alone . I 've found someone to play mahjong with you . I 'll get one more for you . No need . Rocky , will you accept my challenge ?
Worry about losing to me again ?|What did you say , Luk Po ? You think I 'm afraid of you ?
What did you say , Luk Po ? You think I 'm afraid of you ?|By the way , what business are you guys in ? Why ? Is it related to mahjong ? I 'm in contemporary art . I like to meet with people from all walks of life .
By the way , what business are you guys in ? Why ? Is it related to mahjong ? I 'm in contemporary art . I like to meet with people from all walks of life .|I 'm a tourist guide . Hong Kong Kowloon ... We love Hong Kong ...
That doesn 't come for free , sweetie . You know that . Yes ... but what good is this good life ?|What good is it ?
Hail Satan , the lord and Jinns !|Hail Satan , the lord and Jinns !
Good toes ... Naughty toes ... Pluck this flower ... Pick that star ...|I 'm a nurse in a plastic surgery clinic .
Ok . How about on saturday , we got to the baseball game ? Just you and me . And then after that , we 'll go to Geneo 's and we 'll get some pizza . How does that sound ?|I guess .
Praise the Lord ...|Sister , it 's done ...
There 's no turning back .|The rest is between you and God !
She broke that promise like all others .|Yes , it is the same clothing . I 'm looking at it right now . I am going . No , you cannot sell the same clothing line on the web site that they 're selling at Bloomingdale 's . That 's a breach of my contract with them . Honey , this is a really important phone call . Mom , we 're missing the first inning . 5 minutes . Give me 5 minutes . What ? No .
The rest is between you and God !|Translated into English by Sparky
How are you ? Are you at home ? Yes ...|Your voices seems worried , what 's up ? I don 't know , I feel a bit distressed .
So soon ? Are you cheating ? What did you say ? What ? You used to play sly trick . That 's how you stole Angelina Baby from me . Tell me , are you thinking of her when you kiss me ?|Who 's " her " ?
Your voices seems worried , what 's up ? I don 't know , I feel a bit distressed .|Have you had your dinner ? I don 't feel like eating . I have just dropped in a patisserie . Do you want anything from Istanbul ? No . When are you coming back ? I 'll be there tomorrow .
Hakan , what 's there with you ?|Honey , the window is open , it 's noise from outside . I 'm hanging up . See you later . Hakan !
I have something for you .|You even got our wedding invitation card ready ? Kiss .
You even got our wedding invitation card ready ? Kiss .|Angelina and Peter ? You 're gonna marry that bitch ? Why ?
He was always talking about you . He was always thinking about what would make you happy , what would make you proud of him .|I was proud if him .
Miss , that 's pretentious . In fact they 're trying to harm you . What did you say ? Tapping on someone 's shoulder when playing mahjong is bad luck . You should watch your mouth .|Although it 's the first time we meet , I do understand how sorrowful you are .
He just wishes that you would have shown him how you felt .|I thought he knew .
Tell her she has to be different with Jessie .|She can 't have it happen again .
She can 't have it happen again .|He wants you to be different with Jessie . She really needs you .
Copied Bornova , go ahead .|Why the hell are you interfering radio , idiot ? We 've got an accident report . So you 've got to be the scene . .
Tell her that that 's why I scared the other nannies away .|That 's why he gave the other nannies such a hard time .
I was reviewing the official report . You 're my colleague , I do not need to read you this .|But I believe that the cause of death is primary intracerebral hemorrhage ...
Break you up ! Pong ! " South " ! Are you kidding ? It 's the saddest time in my life ; you are ready to claim for " big 4 winds " ? Are you guys trying to set me up ? Of course not ... Bystander , is he claiming for " big 4 winds " ? Isn 't it ? It 's not right for you to ask me . And it 'll be wrong for me to answer you .|Buddy , wait ... If someone discards an honour tile and you 're claiming for a win , then you have to declare it loud and clear . And , look at the camera , remember to smile . Smile .
Don 't think about that , just break them up . Break you up ! Are you that nosy ?|Break them up . Who 's playing now ? May I know who is playing now ? I 'm playing ! Break you up !
I love you .|Thanks .
Has she been under the effect of sedatives ? She 's fine now , you can see it .|But as I said , she might be overreacting .
Lost again .|You used up my tissues . Should you leave such a grieving place ?
Stop it .|You know , we never finished our conversation . What conversation ?
I will prescribe sedative pills .|But I think this is a temporary circumstance . If she is not going to be fine , please let me know .
They 've whispered to me .|Who whispered ?
Maybe I am .|Why ?
Let me do it .|Do you know what this is ? Coke . Of course not . I drank the coke last night . Now , it 's highly concentrated flammable liquid inside this classic coke bottle . So cool . Is there any technical name for that ? You know shit about that ! You failed your chemistry though . You just know luring other 's girlfriend . Angelina Baby !
Do you know what this is ? Coke . Of course not . I drank the coke last night . Now , it 's highly concentrated flammable liquid inside this classic coke bottle . So cool . Is there any technical name for that ? You know shit about that ! You failed your chemistry though . You just know luring other 's girlfriend . Angelina Baby !|When the time comes , you guys better find a safe place to hide . You must take good shot of me .
Now I 'm not so sure .|You 're afraid our baby might be able to ...
That 's never gonna happen .|I know you .
Hakan , what are we going to do ?|We 'll call the doctor .
It 's not the groom ?|Angelina Baby ...
Angelina Baby ...|Great ! You two , don 't do anything .
 Let 's go . Let 's go .|Come here . 
 We gotta hide . Come on . In here . Come on , Max . Come on . In here . Come on .|I think we 'll be safe in here for a while . They don 't know how far down the river we got . Max .
 So everything that Nasedo told me was true ?|You and Tess were meant to be together . Liz .
You and Tess were meant to be together . Liz .|I mean , it 's your destiny , right ?
Were you with my mother , when she called me at night ?|I was not ...
My mother wanted to see before she died .|Mom !
You left at good timing .|I don 't want you to get involved in my bad luck .
I don 't want you to get involved in my bad luck .|Anyway , all the best .
Go ahead . I 'll be right in .|Tell me whatjust happened back there , Max . All this time I thought it was just you . It 's Michael too , isn 't it ?
Tell me whatjust happened back there , Max . All this time I thought it was just you . It 's Michael too , isn 't it ?|Isabel ?
Louder ! Clap hands !|Louder ! Boss , you sing so well .
You swore to me that we could trust you .|I need to trust you right now . It 's our lives , Sheriff . There 's no time for doubts .
I need to trust you right now . It 's our lives , Sheriff . There 's no time for doubts .|Well , it 's my life too . But I need to know everything .
It 's good though . It 's nice . Piss off ... Boss ... What 's it ? He 's the cartoonist . Hi , boss . You are the cartoonist ? Your look is funny though .|How would you like to get drunk tonight ? Brandy , red wine , women , cannabis ... We 've everything here .
How would you like to get drunk tonight ? Brandy , red wine , women , cannabis ... We 've everything here .|Boss is asking how you would like to get drunk .
I keep thinking about my father . He was right .|But he would have turned us in . What are you going to do ?
But please don 't lose control . Please .|For me ...
Okay , Punk , you should learn this , that 's what we call professional . Give him a drink . Shouldn 't you thank boss ?|Drink up . Thanks ...
Yeah , we all are .|So where do we go ? We 're not going anywhere .
Get ' em on the radio . Go on . Agent Bello . Agent Bello , come in . Bello . Samuels , do you read me ? This is Pierce .|I want those aliens .
It 's a story with a bright and shiny beginning and with a dark and eerie ending .|This story tells 4 kinds of people .
This story tells 4 kinds of people .|First kind , those who think they are being well but in fact they are just too befuddled .
I don 't want .|I 'll sleep .
Second kind , they are being well because they are befuddled .|Third kind ... they fail to appreciate that they have been being well .
Watch your words , please ?|Can you tell me what we 're going to do ? How I can concentrate on my work here Zeren ? What about you ? What about me ?
The End .|Funny ?
Your hospital , your medical career You can not stay at home and do nurse her for the rest of your life ? Hakan ... My mother died recently You see the condition of my sister , if you keep pushing me more ... My love ...|I swear , I 'm just thinking about you . Don 't think about me only , Hakan . You 're right , Ok .
What happened to Nasedo ?|Did you capture him ?
What happened to Nasedo ? Where is he ?|You know what I can do to you . Tell me what I 'm asking , or I will take you apart ... piece by piece ... and make sure you stay conscious enough ... to feel every second of it .
Yes .|So , this guy at the attorney general 's ...
What should we expect ?|We are increasing the dose to 600 mg Piroxin . I 'll also prescribe Erbazebin but make sure that take both .
He killed Topolsky and Stevens and six innocent people in that hospital ... and who knows how many others . And he was just about to kill all of you .|Hey , Kyle . Kyle !
What the hell just happened to me ?|I don 't care who you are ... or what you are . I 'll be here for you .
Honey . We 've been friends for 12 years . That 's her character , companionable to everyone . What can I do ?|Are you cheating me ?
Hi|Your cigarettes ?
Who else is there ? Set off those orbs and you have no idea who you may be leading straight to us .|You don 't know , do you ?
The other agents are at an abandoned gas station in Hondo . Now that I 'm the head of their special unit , we 'll have all their resources .|You 'll be safe now .
You 'll be safe now .|I want to know .
I want to know .| Maybe if wejust focus like Nasedo 's always said .
What are you trying to say ?|I do have something to say , but ...
I do have something to say , but ...|I can 't think of the main point .
Are you OK ? I 'm Zeren .|Have you done something to her ?
I could if I 'm not distracted .|Now I got it .
Liz .|Liz . Liz , wait .
Where do you want then ?|No ... don 't get me wrong ... I mean , don 't work here anymore .
No ... don 't get me wrong ... I mean , don 't work here anymore .|Do you have money then ?
Ayla !|Ayla !
No . You 've no money , I wouldn 't be your girl .|Then let me tell you a story .
Let me in , Max . Let me in .| Max ? Max !  Oh , God . Max , stop this . Stop this and help me . I can 't . They gave me something .
What story ?|Once upon a time , there 's a little match girl . No ... should be a princess . But she doesn 't know her true identity . This princess goes to a bad school . Her classmates are from all walks of life . None of them are good stuff . The teachers there just won 't give a damn .
We have discussed this with Zeren on and on We have dreamt the same nightmare . I asked Ayla , she told me the similar .|Zeren told me , There 're similar cases in medical literature , right ?
What they care most is not the students , but the tuition fee .|The princess is so lost and miserable . Hoping someone may help her , but her hope is in vain . Until one day , she 's met a prince . The prince is so nice and willing to give her everything . So the princess is willing to give whatever the prince wants .
What does it mean ?|Shared psychotic disorder ...
Shared psychotic disorder ...|Supposing that a family One of the member has an advanced mental disorder .
I 'm sorry .|Well , if Pierce has reached the same conclusion that I have ... Max is gonna need a lot more help than any of you can give ' im .
She or he may cause any closest member of family to experience same symptoms of disorder ...|Now , as the reason of the trauma is your mother ...
Really ? Is this kind of a virus or a bacterium ? How is it transmitted ? Better name it interaction rather than transmission . Anyway , you mean , Ayla 's madness has infected us . I 'm wrong ? Hakan , shut up !|These are dreams only , no need to panic . I 'm not in a panic . But , you know ...
How do you know that ? I can 't tell you , Sheriff , but Max is in a lot of trouble . I think that they all are .|Sheriff , please . Will you trust me ? I can tell you where he is .
Take your time ... I 'm going back to work .|What do you want then ? What do you mean ? It 's been so many years , you 've never given in to me once . If I don 't give in , would you be standing here alive ? You , traitor , shouldn 't say the other way round . I 'm gonna settle this with you . Don 't know who owes who . Let 's talk about that inside . Let 's go .
Don 't even try . Don 't even try to use your abilities , Max . The serum we injected you with ? Very effective in suppressing the neurotransmitters in your cerebral cortex . Hey . Shh . Experiments on the alien ... in the ' 40s taught us that 's where most of your powers come from . Come on , Max . Sit down . It 's all right .|That 's not your real weakness , though , is it ? You know , I 've been going about this the wrong way the whole time . It 's not that you 're part alien ; it 's that you 're part human .
Starting from tonight , your boss is my boss . My boss is your boss . We are brothers and sisters then . Our bosses are having a good time together . We small potatoes should also enjoy ourselves .|It 'd be frustrated during the bad times . Losing all the hope and fooling around . Just like a dead man walking . Life is like the waves in the sea . There would be ups and downs .
The Jinn , who is with me !|If it gets angry , I 'll go . OK ?
Hello ...|Julia ? You finally called me .
If it gets angry , I 'll go . OK ?|Is this Jinn alone ?
Is this Jinn alone ?|Yes .
I 'll show you how they work .  But only you .|Clear the room .
I 'm drawing the voices ... Are these voices ? Its voice .|It keeps whispering into my ear .
It keeps whispering into my ear .|What is it whispering ?
Where have you been all of this time ?|To hell . And I 've come out to warn you .
I 'll leave them here , you take this to someone who have say .|Spongy Chicken . One please ...
I can 't say ...|Is it something about the death of your mother ?
Did it kill your mother ?|Yes .
I knew you would .|We can 't be seen together . Do you understand ? Meet me tomorrow night , behind the theater at 8 : 00 . I 'll know more by then .
I was the first agent to make direct contact with ... with the subject . I spent four weeks being debriefed by the agent in charge . His name is Pierce . And after what he did to me , I 'd hate to see how he 'd treat the enemy . When it was over ... that 's when he told me I was theirs for life . Once you know about the unit , you don 't get out .|Sounds elite . So , what 's the problem ? The problem is they kill people ... and there is no one to stop them . And that is not why I became an agent , Jim .
Congratulations . I 'm married . Thanks for coming , have a seat . Granny , look here . Luk !|Ling Ling ? You are so slim that I can 't recognize you . Congratulations ... Thanks ... Where 's the groom ? He 's downstairs .
Oh , great . Everyone 's invited but me . No , I don 't think Isabel 's coming .|Maybe I can talk some sense into her .
You dropped your student ID .|It 's yours . Thanks . I like your school uniform .
It 's yours . Thanks . I like your school uniform .|Don 't get me wrong , I 'm an old boy of your school . I did have 2A 's and 4B 's in HKCEE .
Try your best , don 't waste yourself .|Julia ?
So you agree with them ? Alex , you have to stop . We can 't show weakness . You think I 'm being weak because I don 't want anything bad to happen to you ? I mean , to us ... to all of us ? You really do want to protect me , don 't you ?|I 'd do anything .
We don 't mind .|Oh , wait a minute . You 're her granddaughter , Katie Lawrence . I played a little girl on TV called Katie Lawrence . My name is Cilla McGowan .
Oh , wait a minute . You 're her granddaughter , Katie Lawrence . I played a little girl on TV called Katie Lawrence . My name is Cilla McGowan .|And please , don 't tell me I haven 't changed a bit ' cause I know that 's just not true .
And please , don 't tell me I haven 't changed a bit ' cause I know that 's just not true .|No , you 've changed .
I 've just always thought that if I , um ... if I let someone in it would make me too ... Vulnerable ? I 'm just not sure that I can afford that right now .|How about starting slow ? Huh ? A video date ? Notting Hill . It 's a great chick flick .  But he didn 't deserve her . What a little English wimp , don 't you think ?
Hitchhiking 's never a good idea .|Come on . I 'll give you a ride home . No questions asked .
Ayla , please ... if it wants me get out of the room , I will But I want to talk with ...|It says me that you have a child .
It says me that you have a child .|So ...
You know , this whole dating thing really bites .|What did I do now ? Michael , you have no table manners ... and all you do is talk about yourself ... and you have absolutely no regard for anyone else around you .
Did you bring my pills ?|Oh , that 's a good girl .
What do you want from my sister ?|Zeren .
So , if that 's why you 're acting strange , you can just stop . It 's over . I mean ... just go back to being your usual self .|Come here .
Who killed my mother ? I killed your mother with great pleasure , Zeren .|Why ? Your mother died , screaming like an old fart bitch , Zeren . I got her brain overflowned with blood of her lungs , she died in severe agony ! Now I 'm going to kill everyone in this house !
Who are you ? I am one , with the burning fire in eyes , fed by human carrion , friend of death , of Cuhenna tribe !|Cuhenna ... ? Cuhenna !
Ayla ! Ayla !|What is the name of your daughter ?
Oh , wow .|Grandma , you kept your rare ones .
We 're not open yet , Sheriff .|I think I know how you feel now . What do you mean ? Not having anyone to talk to . Something tearing you up inside , not being able to get it off your chest . Is that what you need to do , Sheriff ? Last night there was a fire in a psychiatric hospital in Bethesda , Maryland ... where Kathleen Topolsky was being treated . She was killed . They say it was accidental . You don 't believe that .
How could she know ?|If you are still rejecting to take her to a psychiatric clinic . Are we rejecting ?
" Songs for a Rainy Afternoon . "|Wow .
Oh , Grandma .|" Trudy , my heart pounds as I write this .
No . I haven 't heard .|Me , neither .
Look at me .|You 're the one , Liz . The only one .
Liz ?|What was that about ? That guy 's got bigger problems than Valenti and the F.B.I. Put together .
Housewarming present ?|Actually , no .
So ... You , as a doctor , do you think Ayla is haunted by a Jinn ? Never !|So why do we suggest this man to us ?
This is Dr. Cass Murphy . She 's an archeologist , professor of the same . She 's a quiet , cool , solitary woman , emotionally repressed , you know ? She looks boring .|She 'll find an ancient weapon when she 's trapped in the cave by an evil sorcerer . Naturally . Listen , Ford , I have a lot of work to do still , okay ?
No , not really . Michael told me that you wanted to talk to somebody , that you needed a friend .|Max kissed Tess . You 're kidding .
Nice .|Nice . Hold that right there . Up , up , up .
Nice . Hold that right there . Up , up , up .|Beautiful .
Liz , I 'm sorry . It 's not even like him . I just knew something was up with that chick . No , but you 're right . That is so not like Max .|I 'm so confused , Maria .
Would you like to wash and keep them in the fridge , Emine ?|Are you a cardiologist right ?
Are you a cardiologist right ?|Yes .
I didn 't find the reason for a long time .|If you often dream . Keep it under your hat , I dream sometimes , even when I 'm awake .
Stay away from this house . What is happening Feyza ?|I want this woman go , I don 't want her in this house . This is my home . You can 't send her away .
You put yourself in danger .|Thanks for believing in me .
This woman 's mouth is full of dogs hooves !|What hooves ? I can 't see anything ...
I brought your bottle of wine .|The return of the prodigal Pinot .
You told her .| Michael .
My mother loved the idea of us being this big acting family , like the Fondas or the Barrymores .|She pushed me into it . But , you know , the one good thing about being a child star was that my TV family and I became very close .
Yes . Allright , come with me .|And take this .
You have to do something , Michael . Please don 't just pretend it didn 't happen . Please .|See ya .
Where the hell have you been ?| The forecheckers are so strong and so fast ...
Just ... Just take it slow , all right ? Once they get physical with ... You know , once they get what they want ... they disappear .|I hope you 're not talking from experience . Just yours .
This would be me officially hitting on you .|That 's not a smart idea . I 've already hit my quota of mistakes for the decade .
What color is this stone ?|Green ... Hold it .
Breathe in Feyza .|Breathe deeply .
You did that ?|Not that , but yeah . The Prodigal , he 's mine .
You know , I 'm really happy you 're here . And you can stay as long as you want , but you really need to get your own sleeping bag , okay ?|Excuse me . Please .
Is it here ?|Are you here ?
Wow . Thanks , man . So , Steve , you mind if I ask you why you and Cilla split ?|Took us about five minutes to realize we were better at the friend gig than the marriage thing .
I love her , like a sister .|Thanks .
No fricking way . When ?|3 : 00 in the morning .
I am , the proprietor of this girl ... !|What is your name ?
I don 't believe that you 're a Jinn . I don 't give a shit what you fuck you believe in ... If you want to make me believe , show up yourself . Come on ! You fucking asshole , bastard ! Feyza ... It is not the Jinn , speaking in severe profanity . That 's a human . You know it . Tell me , who is that ? Me ! It 's me , who 's born of fire , fucking her every single night , and dripping saliva all over her flesh and skin . I 'm going to find out , who you are .|Look at me !
Do you also desire ?|Come .
Have fun !|Don 't wait up .
Pregnant ?|You were pregnant .
I 'ld kill that bitch .|Touch me and behold what 's going to happen !
Oh , Grandma , what happened to you ?|Hollywood is where the magic happens .
Touched me again .|Hush .
Who is the father ?|Who is the father ?
Focus into the darkness .|Celal . Are you afraid ?
This lock 's been cut .|I locked that last night .
Say cheese !|Hey , uh , Milton !
He have something to do with all this ?|Maybe .
In my own bag .|This is not negotiable .
Tell me what he 's doing with Max . He came up to me after the panel discussion . He asked me questions about Max ... what he did the day of the shooting . I did help Hubble . We tracked him . We werejust going to get the truth . He told me he wouldn 't hurt the man .|Hubble shot him . Didn 't he ? He shot the drifter , not you .
You are in a hypnotic place . I 'll show you how my method works .|Can you please tell me ? What happened to this woman ?
I 'm not as decent as you .|Okay .
You mean , she has created a Jinn as an imaginary personality in her mind ? Probably . Probably ?|Mr. Celal Do you believe in demons and Jinns ? I wish I could say I 'm not believing rather than to believe . Which thought is more dominant ?
I 'm glad you 're here .|Glad to be here .
Glad to be here .|Good night .
I don 't understand . I didn 't have a good time .|Not that night .
How ?|It was the green stone .
It never show up itself .|It always leaves a sign that refutes my hypothesis .
That 's it ...|The brain is a mysterious organ , Zeren .
Sure .|" Trudy Hamilton . "
" Trudy Hamilton . "|That was my grandmother 's real name . It seems like the affair started just about a few months before Johnnie died . The last letter was mailed and sent to The Little Farm about a week before Janet killed herself .
I knew it was you ! You bastard ! You !|Drop the gun ! Drop it !
I didn 't know he was as dangerous as he was . What did you tell him ?|Why did he come after me ?
Wilson should have these . No , not yet . Letters from Janet Hardy 's lover .|No . All that speculation , the press , the obsessed fans . My grandmother 's name would be dragged through the mud again . And any chance that I had at a normal life will go up in flames . So for now , this will just be our little secret .
The symbol of Cuhenna Tribe .|This symbol means that humans are surrounded by Jinns by four sides , according to Babylon scriptures ...
According to occult resources , one who enters this circle , will never leave there .|The Jinns , possessing Ayla , are sending a message .
I don 't even know who I am .|Well , I 'm not sure what your grandmother was like , but I 'm getting to know you .
Ancestor of the semitic languages , maybe the oldest language . What does it say there ?|MA GVAHTA MEENA ... which means ...
You know , I don 't know who I 'd be if I had spent the last 50 years on my own . If you were Nasedo , wouldn 't you want us to at least hear you out ? It 's a mistake , Isabel .|Maybe . But you 're never gonna convince him of that without some proof .
Um , oh , one second .|I think she 's cute . Well , look , this is my band , okay ? Look , Alex , all right ? It 's all about personality , okay ? And you guys just play the music , and I 'll take care of the rest , okay ? Okay ! We 've got time for one more . Okay . Um , hey , guys , the one we did yesterday , guys ?
You all right ?|Mac and cheese ?
This much .  What a wussy !|Did you just call me a wussy ? I believe I did .
Did you just call me a wussy ? I believe I did .|Do you see that mailbox ? I 'll beat you to it .
So they 'ld help each sorcerer to haunt and to make us live hell on earth .|So it is a kind of black magic ?
Why are you doing all this for me ?|Because I believe you matter .
Because I believe you matter .|That 's the second time you 've said something to me that nobody 's ever said to me before .
I just knew .|I don 't think we should be doing this . Isabel , he sent us a signal . We gotta send him one back . This is how we 're gonna find him . Yeah , but what if he 's ... What if he 's a killer ?
I don 't think we should be doing this . Isabel , he sent us a signal . We gotta send him one back . This is how we 're gonna find him . Yeah , but what if he 's ... What if he 's a killer ?|There 's only one way to find out .
Whatever . I just want to keep your poise . You 've been showing something since I arrived I 'm talking nothing but scientific and historical explanations only . I 'll say definitely If I feel any negative result , you will stop when I say .|Deal .
And Ford .|I know that I don 't have the best track record when it comes to relationships , present company included , but I really think I 'm falling for this guy .
I know you 're here somewhere . You weren 't that far ahead of me .|Here , Maxie , Maxie , Maxie ! I wanna thank you , Kyle ... for giving me a new outlook on things . How the hell did you get up there ? I used the ladder .
Deal .|I understand you clearly .
Why ?|First , I would like to legally protect myself .
Second , I want to wish to expand the horizon of my dear professors by the outcome of this case .|This is a decision that you should decide .
Are you sure about this ? More sure than I 've ever been about anything in my life . I just don 't want you to get hurt , Michael . Isabel , I told you Max is wrong . Nasedo 's the only one we have .|We still have each other . Isn 't that enough ?
We still have each other . Isn 't that enough ?|I 'm just ... I 'm just afraid ... that you won 't find what you 're looking for . Or that maybe you will and you won 't need Max or me anymore . That 's not possible , okay ?
Nice . Nice . Girls always like that meaningful stuff . I suck at that .|So tell me the truth ... does it really get you farther ?
My name is Celal .|I know .
Now they 're all unsigned . That could 've been Hennessey . The lower case Ys are really distinctive , like little fish hooks . I mean , it would be easy to check his handwriting . Yeah . That would make Hennessey and your grandmother lovers . Think about it . I mean , if Hennessey was sleeping with Janet when his son was killed , it would be a really heavy guilt trip . The tenor of the letters , they all changed after the accident . Then Janet found out she was pregnant and wanted to keep the baby . Hennessey could 've killed my grandmother and made it look like a suicide . Well , Hennessey claims he was at home with his wife when Steve was attacked , and she backs him up .|I 'm gonna talk to them again . And I 'll get a writing sample .
How ?|We were in a dark place I was so thirsty .
Why am I still here ?|I could go back to LA with Steve , make a perfectly good living flipping houses .
I could go back to LA with Steve , make a perfectly good living flipping houses .|Go is not an option . You know you wanna stay . Yeah , but what if it 's a mistake ?
We saw into each other 's souls .| How about you ? Second base . Well , we can 't win them all . Come on , let 's go . Wait , wait , wait . We can 't leave now . Why not ? Well , look where we are . Liz 's bedroom . It 's Mecca .
I don 't think so .|I think this house is worth fighting for .
 Top drawer . Always lingerie . Dare I ?| The secrets of femininity , so close .
Would ...|Would you hold me for a little while , please ?
Wait a minute . What 's this ? Ladies and gentlemen , who is M. E ... and what has he done with our dream girl ?|What ... What 's your problem , Maria ? I 'm just ... I 'm just a little nervous .
No , I could not .|Why ?
Why ?|There was a snake with 4 horns in the water .
What do you think ? Is there any meaning of this dream ?|Yes . There is a meaning .
Max , turn it off . Anyone can see .|And when I 'm not with you ... I go crazy .
Tonight we 'll just lie here and listen to the house settling and the night , and the bugs .|Why aren 't you in a relationship ?
Look at my hand . Look at the lines on the palm Just look , don 't think about anything !|The fate of a person begins there .
The fate of a person begins there .|First passage from darkness to light .
Take Mr. Hennessey to county .|He 's absolutely crazy . He thinks I 'm Janet Hardy . You better get that arm checked out at the hospital . No , I 'm fine . Thanks . It 's all over now , Cilla . Hennessey 's gone . Come here .
These lines are our free choises .|These are the people who come into our lives .
We have to do something .| Someone wanna clue me in here ?
This little tattoo is private .|I control who I share it with .
Death .|Now , look carefully at this narrow passage which is close to death .
Your eyelids are are getting heavier .|And even more heavier .
That 's nice .|Bring your hand up above and next to the other arm .
The merciful arms of a deep and solitude sleep is sucking in by embracing you ..|Never fear . Your dreams are under my control .
Max ! Mom , look ! Mom , just promise me you 're not gonna get all nostalgic . I won 't . So ,  Your brother .|He 's always been so private . Don 't you think ? Private ? Yeah . I mean , he 's always just got his guard up a little bit .
He 's always been so private . Don 't you think ? Private ? Yeah . I mean , he 's always just got his guard up a little bit .|He 's Max . It 's who he is . He 's always been that way . Right . And that 's what sort of worries me . I mean , why do you think he 's always been so secretive ? Mom , I don 't know . Isabel , have you ever noticed ... anything about your brother ?
Isabel ? Your sweater . Oh .|Comets ! Comets ! Go , team ! Yea !
I mean ...|I mean , were you ... were you even gonna thank me ?
After the test , I went down to the Hall of Records .|Look what I found . That 's Janet Hardy 's autopsy report .
Okay . Sure .|See ya .
Well , I ... I ran to the stove ... and I grabbed the pot of water that was sitting there , and I threw it at the fire . That 's all I did .|It was a grease fire , Max .
The woman , who Ayla saw .|Who is this Firdevs ? I 'm about to lose my mind . Who 's her ?
Oh , and the lights .|They were all over .
They were all over .|And music .
Here it comes .|Max ! Mom , look ! The bird is hurt . Something 's wrong with its wing .  Okay , guys . No . No , Maxie , honey , get away from the bird . He could be sick . Oh , look at his wing . Okay . Look , just ... just leave it alone .
I kept it .|Thank you .
It was ...|It was that Christmas , too , before Johnnie 's death .
I have something to say to you .|If anything like that happens to me again ... like when I got sick , don 't help me . I can 't get indebted to anyone , and I can 't get entangled . I gotta be a stone wall . And when I 'm around you sometimes ... I don 't feel like a stone wall anymore .
Be carefull .|Who 's there ?
Old houses , they 're full of life and death .|Cathy , do you remember
If you expect an explanation , I have none !|Who is the Recep ?
I don 't know , honey . No jealous wives beating her door down ?|Not that I ever heard of .
What ? I saw you two together here yesterday .|Okay , um ... Max , first of all , that couldn 't be further from what 's happening . And secondly ... if it was happening , I wouldn 't need your permission , Max .
Your spunk and your determination . And all these horrible things keep happening to you , but you stay .|I think your grandmother would be very , very proud of you .
Oh .|Your house .
Now , it 's time to pay , you wicked .|Thank you , Doc .
Well , let me make you feel better .|Sit .
Sit .|Okay . Close your eyes .
She saw you and Dad ... and from the very first moment , she knew she was home .|And I would lie in my bed all night and cry .
I did nothing , What do you want from me ?|Shut up !
Be mine .|Be your what ?
And you said that it was a magic house ... and that if I held on to it , it would take me home .|But the thing is , it would never bring me home ... because I don 't know where home is .
I mean , you 're my mother .|Please , Mom .
Ford , please don 't do this . Look , I draw comics and I play video games . But I make a pretty decent living .|I 'm a fairly good cook if you like steak and Mac and cheese .
I 'm a fairly good cook if you like steak and Mac and cheese .|Which I think you do .
Who made you cast a spell 4 horns on Mukadder Yaman ?|I can 't say . I 'd be killed if I say . " I can 't say " ? Help ! God , give me patience . God , give me patience ! Fool , you still afraid of the Jinns and satan instead of God ? Seed of satan !
In the village Perichali .|Perichali ?
I wanted it so bad .|I know .
What 's happened to this man , Recep ?|This is too bad . Never mind it . He got what he deserved . Where is Zeren ? Right there . She 's talking on the phone . Is the Perichali village near here ? Not so far , Doc . We 'll be there before the sun sets . No problem to get there . But I have heard no good about these villagers . Firdevs Taheri . She 's the key for all . Are you okay ? Yes . How is Ayla ? Discharged from hospital . She 's at home . She 's got some sedative pills for tranquility . Good , good . My husband , Hakan , is a little bit upset .
What does it say ?|" Leave or die . "
Hey , look at us . We 're camping ' .|Hey .
Hey , Sam , did you get your note ?|Guess we shouldn 't have brought the mattress over here .
This is too bad . Never mind it . He got what he deserved . Where is Zeren ? Right there . She 's talking on the phone . Is the Perichali village near here ? Not so far , Doc . We 'll be there before the sun sets . No problem to get there . But I have heard no good about these villagers . Firdevs Taheri . She 's the key for all . Are you okay ? Yes . How is Ayla ? Discharged from hospital . She 's at home . She 's got some sedative pills for tranquility . Good , good . My husband , Hakan , is a little bit upset .|Zeren , let us take you home , okay ? Then we can stop by at Perichali and interrogate to the villagers . We 'll find out who Firdevs Taheri is . Do you think we can get some information there ? We 'll see .
Bingo . Reception .|Hey , you got space for a few more around here ?
Did he hurt you ?|He loved me .
I 'll see your nickel and raise you a quarter .|I fold . I know better . Too rich for my blood .
I fold . I know better . Too rich for my blood .|What are you hidin ' , Max ? Got some power over these guys ... makes ' em do exactly what you want ?
Morning .|Can 't you ever sleep in ? Had another dream last night . I missed something .
Well , I call . Full house . Jacks and eights .|Two pair . You win .
It 's time .|I thought you were washing up , sweetie . I 'm finished . What are you doing ?
I thought you were washing up , sweetie . I 'm finished . What are you doing ?|I 'm looking for these . Can you explain this ?
Look at my hand , look at my hand . Calm down , OK , breathe , breathe , breathe|Take me to home . Where , where do you live ?
Something was here .|What were you looking at ? We 've been lost for hours , Sheriff . Thank you for finding us .
Hello ?|Hello ?
I can help you with those .|Here .
What is this place , Max ?|It 's where we were all born .
I can 't stand this anymore .|I 'm about to go nuts .
Max didn 't tell you about this , did he ?|Take it . It 'll prove to them that I don 't want to hurt you . If you convince them , then I can explain everything .
Thank you .|Please excuse this mess . I have been sorting through all of these images , old and new , just trying to tell the right stories . The house and my grandmother 's life .
I want to know what 's in it . I want to know everything . Are you sure ?|I 've thought about it . I 'm ready .
Firdevs ?|Firdevs .
Firdevs .|Charming and modest Firdevs !
And when I heard from Brian that things were found , personal things ...|You went to Cilla 's house and nearly killed Steve ? I never meant to hit him that hard .
Look , you said that you were ready for a relationship . Well , whatever 's going on now , I know that you meant that . I know that it was real . It was . It was real .|I 'll be here when you need me .
We loved each other got married and years later ...|Then ?
He was so handsome .|He means everything to me .
She must 've bought that after that Christmas . And she 's not wearing the blue dress . Marriages are tenuous things . They take work .|There wasn 't anything I wouldn 't do to keep Tom . I 'd do anything to keep him .
Tom would never look at me and want another woman again .|Again ?
Cilla ?|You okay ? That wine must 've went straight to my head . I have to get something to eat .
Just a little more . Finish the job .|I went to her house .
Right in here .|Max , are you all right ?
You 're not Max .|No , I 'm not . And now I 've got to get him back .
In the back . I 'll walk up there .|You should not interfere in these issues .
They have Max .|They have Max .
Cafer .|We 're trying to help a young lady .
Yes . This was taken when she was young . She died recently . So it is true ?|What is true ?
Yes . She spoke with Cathy .|Oh , my God . What did she do ?
That 's good , Ellie . Remember to maintain your perspective .|Mr. Guerin . To what do we owe this pleasure ?
You put something in my drink .|Yeah . Yeah .
Yeah . Yeah .|Seconal .
Where is it ? Where are you ?|There you are . Alex just called .
Kyle ?|Sheriff Valenti ?
Just relax , dear .|Soon you 'll pass out just like Janet did .
I didn 't have anything to do ... You came back and you shoved it in my face !|You know , I tried to get you to leave .
Do you know , how to break the spell of 4 horns ?|I 've never done it , but I do .
If only you had gone away .|Why couldn 't you let this house die ?
Why couldn 't you let this house die ?|Cilla ? Cilla ?
Excuse me ? That was the night I sat at the first booth . Maybe you remember .| It was late , like tonight . And you were at the counter . Writing .
Cilla ! Cilla !|Cilla !
Feel free to do what you want .|Doc .
So I had to know what your journal said . You took it .|I never meant for things to get out of control .
I hope , I will not to get into trouble .|There is a tape . What tape ?
But I couldn 't save you . Save yourself , Cilla .|All right . That 's it .
Go to sleep . Save yourself .|Go to sleep .
Guilty pleasure .| Michael , are you okay ? Yeah . I just wish I had a few more answers .
Cilla , stay awake , baby .|Come on , baby , help 's coming .
MAN ON THE TRACKS|This film was made possible with help from Polish railroad workers .
What a ride ! If only the old man could see it now . 15 atm on such lousy coal !|It 's 10 : 15 . Lemiesze is ahead .
Your mother did ...|Did you witness by your own eyes ? Huh ? Firdevs ' husband married to your mother after she died .
Where 's the second light ?|It would have been a real disaster at that speed ! Many people would have died .
Trouble in paradise ? So soon ?|Get in .
She provided an ordinary murder look with help of other villagers Then she got her husband .|Firdevs offered her body to the Jinns for revenge and managed to cast a spell 4 horns . Eye for eye , tooth for tooth . And spell for spell . What 's the connection to my sister ? The Jinn that using Firdevs ' dead body , was led by Hunchback Cuma to kill your mother . Having killed your mother , the Jinn , rewarded to possess the living body of Ayla .
That 's true . You are not a railway worker . Let me explain , Comrade Karas . The switchboard gave the signal , proceed at low speed .|That is , the semaphore 's two arms are up , with two green lights .
This means , break hard or risk derailment .|But there was only one light , which means the track is clear .
No one .|Isabel , I 'm ... I 'm not trying to take him away from you . I mean ... I could never even do that . I know .
Madam , I have Msc. degree in Psychology , same diploma you . Well , then keep loyal to your oath and science . That 's the main reason why I 'm trying to help Ayla . I 'ld never let you use Ayla as a guinea pig for your superstitionous experiments , you know ? Turn off the camera . I told you turn it off ! Turn off the damn camera . Turn it off . Okay ! Enough ! All out of this house . Turn that off ! Mr. Hakan no need to be rude , he is my guest , watch your words . To hell with you and your guests . Enough ! Hakan !|What are you trying to do ? If you yell at me again like that ... So what , what are you going to do ? I 'll keep screaming ! Zeren . Shut up or I will walk away you .
What are you trying to do ? If you yell at me again like that ... So what , what are you going to do ? I 'll keep screaming ! Zeren . Shut up or I will walk away you .|You 're leaving ? Who ? ... Where ? Zeren ! Are you going to slut Tulay , right ?
Now that I 'm humiliated and the battery 's fried ... I 'm gonna take the backseat .|Wait a minute . Okay . You kidnap me , and you blew up my car ... and you expect me to spend the night in here with you ? Not exactly my fantasy evening either .
I propose that Comrade Karas , of the Regional Committee , should chair this meeting .|Since we do not know much about this , I think Comrade Tuszka should start .
Why don 't you stay here ? I saw some vending machines outside . I 'll go see what they have .|Lock the door .
Let me start a few years back , Comrades .|I knew Orzechowski before the war . I was an engineer 's assistant at that time .
That 's when I met Orzechowski for the first time .|I had heard of him before . My friends were scared of him .
He treated his assistants as if they were servants .|No matter how hard you tried , he always found some mistake .
Not if you were the last alien on Earth .|Liz , I 'm sorry . Yeah . We 're gonna get through somehow . I don 't mean about the roadblock .
Liz , I 'm sorry . Yeah . We 're gonna get through somehow . I don 't mean about the roadblock .|I mean about everything . For Michael taking Maria . For Isabel being so ... Isabel . We 're not all the same , you know .
I mean about everything . For Michael taking Maria . For Isabel being so ... Isabel . We 're not all the same , you know .|Yeah , I 've known that for a really long time .
Don 't be afraid .|Come here .
He kept looking for mistakes everywhere . Whenever he spoke , he shouted .|Dirty ! Your mechanic has spoiled you . He gave orders by gesture . " Turn on the water " .
 In more ways than one .|We 'll just knock . Go right ahead .
Good .|Slow down .
Slow down .|Come here .
Everything .|That 'll make you accomplices .
Do not say a word ! Silence , silence .|Ayla .
Nothing .|Try it again .
That was , um , that was a great day . Liz , don 't even try .|Kyle , I just wanted to make sure that you were okay .
No , Kyle , um ...|I just need to make sure that you 're not planning on telling anybody about ... about where we were . Oh , see ? And here I was thinking you were just concerned about me .
Sister !|Ok , you 're fine .
Mr. Evans . Isabel .|I 'm afraid I 've got some bad news for you .
Times have changed . It is in your interest to ... I use as much coal as I need to . And they do the repairs .|I 'm always on time . Has someone been complaining ? No , but they 're scared of you , and that 's not so good . I teach the way I was taught . You had to train for eight years back in the old days !
Miss Topolsky .|Michael , we 're not going .
It 's irrelevant , doc .|Look , Recep ...
It 's been years , Recep ...|It 's been years .
He just left . You come for repairs with these minor trifles ! The engineer ordered us to . The engineer ... You 're wasting your own pay !|The engineer must be obeyed .
What does that have to do with it ? It 's what started all of this . People suspecting you .|If anything happened to you ...
If anything happened to you ...|You know , or Michael or Isabel , I just ...
It should have been done like that from the beginning .|I was afraid that he wouldn 't accept Zapora , a tough activist whom I could trust . Suitcase !
I was afraid that he wouldn 't accept Zapora , a tough activist whom I could trust . Suitcase !|Good evening .
Good evening .|Good evening .
Liz , I already told you no .|Max , I didn 't come here for permission .
I came here for the pendant .|If you don 't give it to me , I 'll just draw it .
Leave the body of the oppressed .|Let the gate of demons open and return to your kingdom .
How is she ?|She 's okay .
Uh , do you know what ...|Who was that ? Stay away from him .
Don 't worry about your engineer .|A month later , we began a competition between all the locomotive teams .
A month later , we began a competition between all the locomotive teams .|Orzechowski , as usual , began to revolt .
Give me that . Who are you ?|Please .
Comrades , don 't be shy !|There should be no hesitation , here .
Celal .|Let us come together more often .
There will be a test . If you pass the test , River Dog will answer all your questions .|Let 's go .
Sure .|Cafer , give me your blessing , brother .
Arrest me .|Okay , so what 's with the Tabasco sauce ?
Cafer , give me your blessing , brother .|You have a very brave heart .
Sweet and spicy . Sweet and spicy ? We all like things extremely sweet mixed with extremely spicy . It 's our little dietary quirk .|Well , I 'll have to , uh , keep that in mind .
Orzechowski , come back ! Wladek !|What a bastard . Wasn 't I right , Secretary ?
Mr. Celal Would you like to mind me if I tell you , make a payment to you for service ?|Yes , I would .
But ...|Cafer , he is not financially well if you want , you can help him . It is your decision .
Come in .|I 'll handle this myself .
I probably have information that you would like to have . You have information that I might want . Maybe we could work together here .|Let me think about that .
Let me think about that .|I once knew someone like you .
When we went to Perichali , there were 3 villagers who attacked us They threated us by their weapons , sworned us ... Those son of bitches May god forgive our sins . So ?|After having left Cafer , I went there with a couple of buddies , doc . Recep ... Why are you entangling yourself ? You know me , I could never be outdone .
We won 't tolerate open hostility .|I 'm responsible for this station .
Mustafa listen to me , it 's very important . OK , move on , quickly .|Zeren ! Zeren ! Zeren !
I know what year it is ! I won 't take this anymore ! Take Zapora off of my team , or I 'll resign ! Why 's that , Mr. Orzechowski ?|I don 't need your spies around me !
I don 't need your spies around me !|Spies ?
Spies ?|Yes , I agree with you .
Retire from the railway ? From the locomotive .|Your nerves aren 't well .
I don 't know . It 's time for you to leave .|Can I come again ?
What falls on the right side ! What falls on the right side . |N ... If falls on the right ... Z
Wait . Wait . You 're not one of them .|Liz . Make sure he deserves your trust . Let 's go .
He never came back to the station .|One moment . We 'll call you in .
Inside .|Firdevs Taheri will not forget Mukadder . Even if in hell .
But I gave them the facts and they agreed with me .|He was a saboteur , Comrades . A declared enemy .
" Atiye , where are you ? "|" Hulya , has been hit by a truck , reach me immediately . "
" Hulya , has been hit by a truck , reach me immediately . "|Your beloved Gamze is already dead , Atiye .
My God !|Ayla !
No , I can 't right now . Take the OKL . I 'm sure it 's ready . I checked it myself . Bye .|Excuse me , so many things to do , and so little time . But Orzechowski never came ? And Zapora didn 't complain , either ?
Zeren ! What the hell did you do ?|Where are you , Zeren ?
Ayla . Ayla .|Ayla .
You 're right .|It 's drugs .
What happened ?|Ayla .
There were facts , Comrade . Orzechowski was a problem . Everything is clear to me , now . Orzechowski wanted revenge . He turned off the light to kill Zapora and to derail the train .|He 's worked on the railway 20 years longer than you have .
Ayla !|Is there anyone here ?
Police , police , call the police !|Police , no ! Police ! No ! No way !
I don 't want to be here any longer . Why not ?|Because of Orzechowski . Will you transfer me ?
You don 't trust me . That 's it , isn 't it ? You don 't trust me . You give Isabel the real job because I ...|You 're gonna get us caught is what you 're gonna do . Now stay , watch , and shut up . This is the second time you have dragged me into some cheap motel . Yeah , well , don 't spread it around . You 'll ruin my reputation . What exactly are you looking for ? I.D. Maybe ? Something to tell us about this guy . Luggage tags .
Tonight , Orzechowski was killed by your train .|Tell us all you know .
Just keep looking out the window , would you ?|Listen . Any babysitter worth her salt knows ... that the best place to look is in the garbage can . It 's always revealing .
Gate of Demons ! Firdevs . Gate of Demons|How come didn 't I cross my mind ? How did not I think ? God , how I didn 't think ?
Celal ?|Ayla .
What is this ?|Firdevs Taheri !
It was because of him that I got this job .|I started working at the repair shop . I liked it , so I stayed .
I started working at the repair shop . I liked it , so I stayed .|By the time he became Station Master , I was already working on the train . Who did you ride with ? Engineer Krokus .
Ayla !|This body belongs to you only .
Thanks for coming . I 've met you here a thousand times , but it just ... doesn 't feel the same , you know ? Yeah . L ... I know .|Alex .
Zapora !|Come out here !
With Orzechowski . There 's an opening because Jankowski has been promoted .|Remember , this is a commitment . His team is in last place .
Alex , this is the hardest thing I have ever asked anyone to do . Alex , this is the hardest thing I have ever asked anyone to do .|Look , I need you now . I need you to believe in me , even though I can 't ... I can 't tell you what you want to know .
Damn !|Damn !
But I 'll miss Engineer Krokus.We made a good team . That 's too bad . You have to advance , Zapora .|We have problems with Orzechowski . Your job is to give the team a boost !
She 'll be questioned . They 'll probably want to do some medical tests ... to make sure she wasn 't harmed in any way . But no ... no police , right ? No .|But if ... if they 're involved in drugs , then ...
Damn !|Damn !
Right . That 's today 's fad .|Do you know how long I had to wait ?
Twelve years .|Did the Station Master promise you something ?
Why did you turn the throttle on so high ? The train might break ! Did I ask you anything ?|An assistant here works and shuts up !
Let 's say we celebrate with a hershey bar .|You know what I love ? Taking a handful of peanuts and a bite of hershey bar and making a peanut butter cup in my mouth .
Forgive me , my love .|I will make you happy .
Slow down , sir . I 'll go fix it . Sure , you 'll fall , and I 'll go to court .|Stay put !
Good evening .|Frank !
You 're a firm believer in rules , aren 't you ? Maybe it 's time you learned to ... cut loose .|Not amount of " cutting loose " is going to change my mind ...
You want a child ?|Every new life calls for a life to be lost . The equilibrium of the world must be maintained .
No , thank you . Please leave . I 'm frightened .|Ooh , you 're no fun at all . You know what you need ?
Every new life calls for a life to be lost . The equilibrium of the world must be maintained .|Do you understand ? I am prepared to die in order to feel life grow inside me .
Let 's walk there . She may zap you back . Walk ? Are you kidding ?|It took me three hours to waddle over here .
Cut out its heart and have it cooked by a virgin . But she must be alone .|When Your Majesty eats the heart you will become pregnant instantly .
I had her educated before the war . Now she 's a doctor in Lodz .|She 's smart . Gets a lot of praise . She makes good money , too , and tries to help me out . I don 't think you need any help .
She 's smart . Gets a lot of praise . She makes good money , too , and tries to help me out . I don 't think you need any help .|I won 't work like a dog .
Come on . Can you move any slower ?|Easy for you to say . You 've got knees . Hey , Troll Boy .
Yes , a week before Sarajevo .|I envied you so much . I even got drunk because of it !
Where are you , my DOV ?|Stop !
And my wife was seven months pregnant .|Those were the days . Back back ...
Your Highness !|Your Highness !
Yes , with Engineer Jarzabek !|Thank you for turning off the light .
I love you , Gary .|Wy .
Get out of here !|Why ?
Wy .|Way to go , guys .
You 'll never agree about everything .|But if there 's one thing we both love ... It 's messing with Chett .  Yecch .
What reeks ?|Captioned by Grantman Brown
Engineer , do you have any work for me ?|No , I can handle it . All right .
The next time that bastard boy of yours comes anywhere near my son|I will throw you both out .
Now go .|What does she have to do with this ? What has she done wrong ?
Make them suffer is everything that is left to you !|There is no other way to fill this gap , you always had this problem Alexander .
Take it out on me if you have to , but leave her out of it . How dare you talk to me like that ? You disrespect me and you disobey me . You know you were not supposed to see him .|Come here .
Elias , you are a prince .|You cannot befriend of a son of a servant .
You cannot befriend of a son of a servant .|But I like being with him .
No , no no ... Rip the little man , as you would with a fish .|Just think about what you would have to eat . You can roast , fry or cook the best parts .
He 's like a brother to me , I will see him whenever I want . A brother ? The only one bond of blood that you have is with me .|Your mother !
Don 't forget , Comrades .|Tomorrow 's meeting is in the new hall .
Now Comrades , let 's decide on some tasks for your teams .|It will be a long time before we agree . Come on , Comrades , don 't be shy !
It will be a long time before we agree . Come on , Comrades , don 't be shy !|There should be no hesitation , here .
WOMAN : Take me downtown , thrust bunny ! Oh ! Yes ! Aah ! Hurry the fuck up in there ! We gotta pick up Grandma before the match . GUS ON TV : I could just smell her courage .|MAN : What the fuck is that ? ! MAN : Oh , my God ! Run ! Fuckin ' tricky Mexicans .
MAN : I will .|SHERIFF : How long you gonna hold out on me , huh ? You can 't hide it forever . But I can hold you forever , should it come to that .
I won 't sign anything !|Orzechowski ! Wladek !
Where 's Orzechowski ?|At the Station Master 's .
I 'm dyin ' soon , and I 'm dyin ' horribly .|Who wants to get fingered ?
Sir , there must be some misunderstanding ...|I see ...
What 's with him ? It 's beginning again ! No one has the patience for this !|Who doesn 't have the patience ? You carried out your plan , you louses !
No , I don 't have any proof , Dale . That 's where you come , Dale . Dale , you ' re talkin Shut up , Dale . Okay , listen . That 's where you come in , okay ?|I need some hard evidence , Dale . I need some fuckin ' proof . Yeah . Some soiled panties or something , you know ? Some errant pubes , a fuckin ' used condom . I don 't care . Get me some hard evidence .
It 's ruining my business , Dale . My fuckin ' reputation 's on the line here , Dale .|Get into it , Dale . Let that son of a bitch know he 's got it comin
Well ... All right , my jasmine flower , my little honeysuckle .|I shall wait and I shall return and admire the eighth wonder of the world , your rosy maidenly finger .
I shall wait and I shall return and admire the eighth wonder of the world , your rosy maidenly finger .|What shall we do , Dora ?
I don 't want to stay here anymore . Transfer me , Station Master .|But why didn 't you report the argument on the locomotive ?
We can make a run for it . We ain 't goin ' nowhere , woman . GREG : What are you talkin ' about ? That jail 's the only safe place in town . We 're going . Greg , the fuckin ' jail is locked down , okay , and we can 't fuckin ' make it . Look outside . Have you seen the amount of blood out there , nimrod ? Okay , that 's what going for it gets you .|I wished for this .
In any case , we know what he did on the locomotive , don 't we , Mr. Konarski ?|We also know he didn 't incite any sabotage , Mr. Warda .
Call him in , Station Master .|Unfortunately , the Station master has concealed the fact that he fired Orzechowski without any notice .
She should be learning to distinguish whose heart is sincere and who instead tells lies . If I stay here , my head will always be empty , and I fear my heart will be too . Before long you will be old enough to be married and then you will depart these walls forever .|Well ...
Sit down .|You know why we called you here ?
This shit 's on you , Greg . Fuck that .|Greg , by the way , you ' re so fuckin ' fired .
No , I don 't .|I know nothing .
What have I done ? I do my job well .|The Station Master can confirm that . He 's known me for years . That 's the prosecutor 's job . We 're interesed in something else . Did you see Orzechowski yesterday ?
I can 't make up my mind about the earrings tonight . Would you help me ? Which one do you like better .|Should we try them on ?
Me ?|Push him ?
Push him ?|Christ !
BIKER : What the fuck ?|SLASHER : Wall 's coming down . It 's made out of pigeon shit .
She thought I was you .|No ... impossible ...
Motherfucker !|SLASHER : Run !
BARTENDER : Aah ! You asshole bitch .|Where 'd he go ? They ain 't fuckin ' here .
He was near the semaphore and I was at my booth .|Mr. Zapora is a witness .
BARTENDER : Why are you stalkin' the son of a bitch ?|Lose a sister ... ask me again .
What do you mean , Mr. Zapora ?|I was at the booth shouting , " What happened ? "
MAN : Hold it right there .|Now turn it around . Turn it around . Slowly .
Now turn it around . Turn it around . Slowly .|Shit fire and save matches .
You guys take your hide up the street to the jail .|That 's not gonna happen .
That 's not gonna happen .|You get out . How 's that revenge thing workin ' out for ya ?
I went to the semaphore before dusk .|I turned on both lights . They were on .
I turned on both lights . They were on .|It was Orzechowski .
BARTENDER : She 's fucking leaving .| It worked !
See you tomorrow ?|YES .
Your Highness !|What are you doing ? Where are you going ?
You left us for dead . You fraulein twat .|Get on your feet , goddamn it . Get up here ! HONEY PIE : They were gonna kill me ! BARTENDER : Stand right there . Stand right there . HONEY PIE : I said I 'm sorry ! BARTENDER : Right there . Right there . HONEY PIE : I said I 'm sorry !
Get on your feet , goddamn it . Get up here ! HONEY PIE : They were gonna kill me ! BARTENDER : Stand right there . Stand right there . HONEY PIE : I said I 'm sorry ! BARTENDER : Right there . Right there . HONEY PIE : I said I 'm sorry !|No !
Best regards , Engineer . Why isn 't Franka in school ? You 'll starve my kids to death , you bum ! Good morning , Engineer , I have fresh butter and boneless veal .|Even my wife was surprised that he was drunk at noon .
THUNDER : Shh .|Come on . Come on , come on , man .
You 're hiding something , Mr. Salata .|No , I 'm not . I know nothing of the light .
It 's been goin ' on and off for hours .|It 's over . Beat that , puto .
Sweet smelling .|Now , my dearest heart , now that you have shown me your beautiful finger , show me the rest , show me your face , show me your mouth , your neck , so I can kiss it . Please !
I didn 't leave the gate . The Station Master can ... Fine , fine . Tell us about Orzechowski . Have you known him long ?|Sure , he was my neighbor . And a close person .
Your Majesty ... my royal lord , since you have deigned to demean yourself , leaving your lofty chambers to come to this lowly pigsty , far be it from me to dispute the will of such a great king .|Therefore ... I am ready and willing to grant your desires .
Therefore ... I am ready and willing to grant your desires .|I only ask of you this one favor . Of course . I be welcomed into your bed in the darkness of the night , without any candles , for my heart could not withstand you seeing me naked .
No . I 'm not ill , not ill . Since I 'm here , I 'd like to remind you of my request about the job .|I 'm not going to the station at the moment .
Hold it .|Good " .good " .
He was drying up like a fish without water .|And he was beginning to lose his mind . Don 't make him into a lunatic .
And he was beginning to lose his mind . Don 't make him into a lunatic .|The doctor diagnosed him with strong excitement .
The doctor diagnosed him with strong excitement .|It 's hard to say sometimes . You 'd rather say he was a lunatic , wouldn 't you , Mr. Konarski ?
GREG : Okay , give me some light here .|Bear with me , people .
Throw her out . No ! Throw her out . Now ! Do it !|You wanted me to come !
There is nothing to laugh at .|I 'm not funny !
Remember not to oversleep .|We 're taking you to the train . I 've called an ambulance .
All right , all right . I 'm done . I 'm done .|Wait a second . Look at that . Look . Look .
Wait a second . Look at that . Look . Look .|What the fuck is that ?
Come on now .|There we go .
This too will pass .|Everything passes .
We were gone for , like , two fuckin ' minutes !|What the fuck happened to her ? ! Son of a bitch right there . He did it .
What the fuck happened to her ? ! Son of a bitch right there . He did it .|Fuckin ' son of a bitch ! Fuckin ' pendejo .
THUNDER : Come on .|Get a bag .
You 're really had it , haven 't you ?|I understand .
Get a bag .|Slide it up .
Slide it up .|Oh , shit . Come on .
SECRETS : Wait , where 's Greg ?|What happened ?
Verrus singularis silvano .|No .
It 's an honest mistake .|THUNDER : From now on , no one makes a fuckin ' move until you tell me .
Do you smoke ?|I don 't understand .
THUNDER : Get up . Come on .|BARTENDER : You boys get that key made ?
Yeah . Lot of fuckin ' good it does up on the roof .|Fuck .
Continue .|Giant manatee .
I 'm sorry .|I 'm sorry .
Next !|No , no ...
Old man , you ' ve seen this before , haven 't you ? BARTENDER : I gotta tell you little farts something . It sure as shit ain 't gonna end up well .|Ah , fuck ! BARTENDER : Goddamn it .
Please , stop !|I never imagined anyone would guess .
I 'm sorry . I understand .|It was never my intention that I would give you to such a monster .
GREG : Hey , little fella . Everything 's okay now . Everything 's gonna be okay . Come on , now .|He 's got the baby . I wished for that . Ask , believe , receive .
You two are allies . You want to teach me , this is a trick .|Punishment .
He 's gonna make it .|GREG : Help !
Patience , my blessed child .|Perhaps ... Perhaps ... Violet ...
Perhaps the will of God is behind this unusual fate .|I know you are scared but ...
SECRETS : Oh , my God .|You piece of shit .
You piece of shit .|Wow , that 's bad . Even for this group .
I have something that you are going to love .|Not these .
Elias !|Your Highness !
Want something to drink ? .|36 photos of you fucking with your lover , who by the way what an ass she has .
You are going to pay , son of a bitch .|" A professional photographer develops at " Foto Willians " ?
How much do you want for the photos ?|I already told you , 100 and 100 .
Hey , hey , hey , I ain 't fuckin ' dead . And don 't touch the dick . Fine , grab the old lady . She 's practically dead , anyway .|Listen to me . You want to test it , right ?
Look , I don 't give a fuck what you gotta tell yourself to sleep better at night . We 're usin ' her ! This is happenin It 's a tough choice . It builds character . Let 's go .|She ain 't comin ' back , son .
THUNDER : Look , I 'm not doin ' that . Sorry , pops . MAN : I can do it ! I will win this ! I will win !|MAN : Come on , it 's easy . Oof .
Hi darling , did you bring something for me ? Hi baby .|What are you doing here at this hour ?
What are you doing here at this hour ?|Why do you ask ?
Oh , darling .|And that money ?
Help !|I 'm here , help me !
Help !|I 'm here ! Help me !
Rosemary ?|Oh , no !
Oh , no !|Oh , no , no . No , no , Rosemary , no !
Jonah !|Elias !
Come on , man . Come on .|Come on , a little bit more . Come on , pour some of Grandma out . Come on .
Okay. I accept .|Accept what ? Who is this ?
Can we talk for two minutes ?|You can talk to Emilia , I have nothing to talk with you .
You can talk to Emilia , I have nothing to talk with you .|Are you still here ?
You can make it !|All right , let 's fuckin ' do this !
They want me to do some episodes for a soap opera .|And if they like my work if they like it
And if they like my work if they like it|I get the leading role . The leading role . Why are you talking like that ?
Imma ... It 's me .|Dora .
So sweet , darling .|I love you very , very , very much .
Could you change my skin ?|Flay me .
Why would you want to do that ? Because I want to be young again .|My dear ...
Okay , sir .|Bye , thanks .
It destroys , distorts , creates monsters , commits murder .|Yes .
Yes .|Even you , without knowing , can commit murder .
Calm down .|Just hear me . Calm down , Pablo hired me to kill you . But this dead girl will take your place . That son of a bitch will pay me and you will be okay .
But there 's still a good light and I 'm not tired . I know . You 're never tired . But I have a dinner engagement tonight . With her ? Yes , with Heather .|Now , run along and get changed . She 'll be here in a minute .
I need your help . Calm down , calm down .|Calm down .
You go tell the queen not to let you out on your own again .|Come on , go back home .
Oh , no . We couldn 't do that .|Why , I haven 't seen Dad Hayden in weeks .
Sir ...|Sir ...
Listen , are you marrying my father or me ? Why , your father , of course . With all his dough ?|Dave , darling .
No ! Please don 't go !|I can 't stay here !
Goodbye , Tanya .|Strange little thing , isn 't she ? Yes , but an excellent model .
Am I stupid or what ?|Goddamn .
Strange little thing , isn 't she ? Yes , but an excellent model .|She 's in love with you . I could tell by the way she looked at us . Nonsense , darling . You 're a jealous woman . Well , if she isn 't , she ought to be .
Dave , it 's becoming more beautiful every day .|It 's a wonderful piece of work , almost as fascinating as the original . Thanks , again . She 's lovely . Quiet and shy as a child .
And yet there 's something primitive and passionate about her . She intrigues me .|That 's quite obvious from the way you 've been monopolizing her time . Well , after all , I 'm a connoisseur of art and beauty . Mostly beauty , I 'd say . Oh , but that 's not fair . I 'm interested in people , too . It 's part of my profession to study them . Learn what causes them to act as they do . Oh , so that 's why you 've been so interested in my model . Yes , it 's the mystery of what 's going on inside her . For instance , I wonder what she 's thinking about now .
That 's quite obvious from the way you 've been monopolizing her time . Well , after all , I 'm a connoisseur of art and beauty . Mostly beauty , I 'd say . Oh , but that 's not fair . I 'm interested in people , too . It 's part of my profession to study them . Learn what causes them to act as they do . Oh , so that 's why you 've been so interested in my model . Yes , it 's the mystery of what 's going on inside her . For instance , I wonder what she 's thinking about now .|I wonder .
Here is the husband that you chose for me .|Forgive me . Please , forgive me .
So , you believe this is a sham or what ?|It seems her name is Margarita Nieto .
Well , just ...|What 's up ?
Perez !|Pablo Mallarino .
Well , well , what is it ? Speak up , Sam . What 's the matter ? Dave used acid on his eyes instead of eyewash , by mistake . His eyes are badly burned . And I 'm afraid the corneas are permanently damaged . You mean he 's blind ? Yes , leukoma .|Dad !
She did have a son of a bitch living here. I was really stupid !|And this ?
Dad !|Can anything be done ? Well , I can 't say for sure . It 's too early to tell . But you 've got to do something , man . That boy is like my own son . He 's an artist , a painter , he needs his eyes . You 're supposed to be one of the best eye men in the country . Do something . I 'll do everything I can . When may we see him ? Tomorrow . I 've given him a sedative and he 's asleep now .
I came . HARPAXOPHILIA ATTRACTION PRODUCED ON BEING MUGGED OR ROBBED WITH VIOLENCE|You came ?
The 4 hours are over .|If you want to stay longer , pay for the night or leave .
Shit !|Margarita took all the money .
I was here at the time , there was nothing intentional about it . Please . You must believe me , please . You , you ...|Dave . Heather ?
Yes .|We found this purse near the car .
The ... the glans .|The ... She licks it . But I 've seen on films it 's more deep throat , not so ... You know ? The shaft is sensitive too , I don 't know .
Welcome home , Dave . Oh , Tanya .|That 's fine .
To be compared and matched with the records of your wife .|However , the Register has too much work due to the ... yes ?
Slut . Little whore .|No , wait . Better in ... Better in ... Little whore . You 're a little slut .
I 'm blind , I know it ! Why doesn 't someone say something about it ? Are you afraid to talk about it ? Dave , darling .|Of course we know you 're blind . And if you wanna talk about it , we will . It 's a dirty shame .
Sir , one more thing do you know of anyone who could have killed your wife ?|No .
Dave , I don 't want to give you any false hope , but there is an operation known as corneal transplant . Oh , Doctor , you mean there 's a chance ?|Yes , there is a chance . But it 's a very slim chance .
Son of a thousand midget bitches . What can I do ?|What can I do ?
And she pissed on me too .|I hate to remember , Paco , the day we ate asparagus . Asparagus makes it stink .
Madrid seems very modern .|But Madrid isn 't modern .
Wilmer !|Wake up . Bring the gun .
As you can imagine , such eyes are scarce and difficult to obtain .|And an eye removed from a donor must be placed in cold storage immediately and used within 72 hours .
Mr. Nicolas . Mr. Nicolas .|Mr. Nicolas .
My poor thing ...|I didn 't know how to eat pussy .
To take care of both of Dave 's ? Yes , yes .|Doctor , are you suggesting that someone here donate one of his eyes ? I 'm suggesting nothing , my son . I 'm simply stating the facts . Do you think that I would allow anyone to disfigure themselves , when you can give me no real assurance that this operation would be a success ? No , Dave , I am sure you wouldn 't . Well , I won 't allow it . Not anyone , no matter who . But Dave ... No ! We 'll locate someone who 's forced to part with an eye and who will be a willing donor . I 'll offer payment . I don 't want you to do that , Dad Hayden . You 've done enough for me already . Nonsense .
Why do you think he hired me to kill you ? To have someone to blame once you were dead .|I am the only person who has a motive to kill you .
I can take care of myself . You really should have someone here for a day or two , Dave . I 'll be here .|I 'll be glad to come in every day and look after Dave . I want to do it . I feel I should .
How was your day ?|Fine .
It 's been ... I don 't know , two years . Almost two years , and it 's tiring .|Yet I do everything . I eat everything , I hadn 't eaten vegetables in my life . Or fruit .
I 'm stuffing myself with folic acid and proteins .|I haven 't been like this ever .
I told you .|He planned everything .
Finally .|Open the door .
Do you reach orgasm during coitus ?|Orgasm ? Do you usually have an orgasm when you have intercourse ?
Don 't pay any attention to me , Tanya . I 'm upset .|I understand . I 'll be going now . Good night .
Is it bad ?|Perhaps we ought to look into that . It 's clear that the orgasm helps in becoming pregnant .
And you ?|You proposed a deal this afternoon .
I 'll bear it in mind .|Here , kid . Take this . Go and get another one , it 's broken .
She and Nick .|At least he isn 't blind .
Why do you have to make this so difficult for me ? Can 't you realize I 'm not in love with you ? I 'm in love with ...|Well , I 'm in love with Tanya .
I need help .|I just heard a shot .
The address is ...|What about her ?
Okay then , fine .|Nobody move !
What do you want me to do ? Why , nothing ...|I simply had to tell you the truth . Get it off my mind .
I simply had to tell you the truth . Get it off my mind .|Get things settled between us .
Perez do me a favor , wait outside and call the people . I already called .|Wait outside , brother .
But , we can go on like we were before , can 't we , brat ?|All right , Dave . Anything you say .
What are you doing ?|Again ?
You 've been mighty decent , Heather . I feel like a heel .|Good night . Good night , Dave .
Again ?|Don 't even think of it . Don 't dream of it .
Don 't even think of it . Don 't dream of it .|SOMNOPHILIA SEXUAL AROUSAL CAUSED WHILST WATCHING A PERSON SLEEP
The operation seemed to last for ages ... I don 't know if you were slow or I have to stop operating in high heels .|What have we got tomorrow ? Two lipos and a vaginoplasty first thing . First thing . I don 't know how you can operate a pussy without having a coffee first .
Now listen .|I 'm an old man . I 'm not going to live forever . And I 've made arrangements with my lawyers that immediately on my death , my eyes are to be used to restore your sight .
Sarah , you did it wrong again . Everyone ready !|Chapter 2536 , scene 25 , take 18 , shooting right now . Five , four , three ...
Dave .|Oh , Dave .
What 's happened ? Let me see . Paloma , are you all right ?|Up you get .
A Lotte Shopping Ltd . Lotte Entertainment film In association with DRM Entertainment|Produced by DRM Entertainment
Yes . But if Dave weren 't blind , he 'd crawl back to her on his hands and knees .|As long as Dave doesn 't have his sight , he 'll never marry Heather . Tanya , listen to me .
You ? Yes . Why do you think I kept coming up here so often ? But I thought Dave , the painting ... No , it was you .|You 're in my blood , Tanya . I can 't think of anything else . Oh , Alan , I 'm sorry . I do like you . But , well , as long as Dave needs me , I could never think of anyone else . But it 's all wrong , Tanya . It 'll never work out for you . You mean because of Mr. Hayden ? Yes .
Everything is okay .|I 'll do it , I 'll do it .
Why ?|You think I was with the boss ?
Thanks for your cooperation .|Your blood type is ...
Your blood type is ...|What ?
Ten grand on blood !|Get out of here .
Very well , I 'll do it tonight . Good . Now that that 's settled , I 'll be on my way . How about another drink ? No , thanks . See you later .|Alan 's right .
Really , don 't worry .|I 'm fine here ... Christ almighty !
I 'm fine here ... Christ almighty !|Well , today will be quick . Greta , Javier . Javier , Greta .
Have we met before ?|Where was it ... High school ? Nah , I went to an all boys ' school . That 's exactly what you said when we first met . I 've seen you before ... Quit smoking .
If Dad Hayden were dead .|Good evening , Mr. Phillips . Oh , hello , George . Have you seen Miss Hayden ? Yes , sir . She 's waiting at the far end table . Has she been here long ? About three quarters of an hour , sir .
Good evening , Mr. Phillips . Oh , hello , George . Have you seen Miss Hayden ? Yes , sir . She 's waiting at the far end table . Has she been here long ? About three quarters of an hour , sir .|You 're late , Nick . What kept you ? I 'm sorry , Heather . I was on my way over here and ... But I ran into ... Skip the excuses , Nick .
Sue , please . Tell me what I did wrong .|I get scared when you 're like this ... I 'll be good . I promise . Just don 't leave me .
I get scared when you 're like this ... I 'll be good . I promise . Just don 't leave me .|But once when you were drunk ...
But ... But what ? Straight Bourbon . Yes , sir .|Heather , you know how I feel about you . And now that Dave is ... I don 't know how to say it , but , he won 't hold you . I want you to forget your pity and marry me .
There 's a taxi rank just in this street , in case you 're in a rush or whatever .|I 've got a present .
It 's been over 10 years , right ?|Yeah ...
Dave , what happened ? Heather , I came over to make things right with Dad Hayden tonight , and ...|Well , no one answered the door , and I let myself in with my own key . Then I came in to find him and ...
Well , no one answered the door , and I let myself in with my own key . Then I came in to find him and ...|I stumbled over .
I need sleep .|What do you think of Sue ?
Or are we , my love ?|Yes , we aren 't the marriage type .
Didn 't I see him with my own eyes , standing there with Dad 's blood on his hands ? How can you ask this of me ? I 'm sorry , Heather . Under the circumstances , it 's distressing to me , too . But I promised your father I 'd perform the necessary surgery . Regardless of how we feel , I think it should be done . Miss Hayden , painful as this request must seem , legally you cannot prevent this procedure and neither can we . Because I have definite instructions from your father in writing , witnessed by Dr. Welles . Your consent is only a matter of form . But Dr. Welles would rather not proceed without it .|Oh , I can 't . I simply can 't .
Oh , I can 't . I simply can 't .|Heather , you understand it 's urgent that we act at once . According to precepts of justice , David Stuart is considered innocent until given a fair trial and condemned by an impartial jury . And you in your present state could hardly be considered impartial .
But her brother 's missing .|She asked you to find him ?
She asked you to find him ?|Yeah , ' cuz I 'm a cop .
Yeah , ' cuz I 'm a cop .|Then you 'll meet again ?
Give me that container .|Come , Tanya . There 's no time to lose . Give it to me . How did you find out ? I was at the hospital when Dr. Welles telephoned . And I suspected you the minute I heard what happened . Now give them to me . Tanya , keeping Dave blind isn 't gonna hold him for you . Don 't you see in his heart he 'll always continue to love Heather ? No . I will not believe that . And you want him blind ?
I think you 're right , Doctor . Now where 's Moriarty ? I told him not to leave here .|Well , for ... Here 's the missing container ! Where did it come from ? Are you sure ? Of course I 'm sure .
Dammit .|It 's me , Nata . I knew it was you , dammit . I saw you and I could smell you .
Dammit , look .|Well I never ! I don 't understand . Isn 't this what you wanted ?
Why , Chief , the only thing that I saw that had eyes was the ...|Hello , Captain . Better not go in there now . I think they 're getting him ready for the operation . Well , what about the missing eyes ?
Hello , Captain . Better not go in there now . I think they 're getting him ready for the operation . Well , what about the missing eyes ?|They showed up rather mysteriously .
If I 'd known ...|Fuck , he 's cut me short . Fuck !
Remember , he acts tough , but he 's a softy .|So pretty ...
What 's he doing ?|Fuck , there are all sorts here .
That 's crazy . You don 't understand , miss . But they 're ... They 're what ? Gay ?|We didn 't ' say they 're gay . But he 's not .
Carry on . I 'm dressed like Heidi , I look like a ... Ass , ass , ass , ass .|Bloody hell !
Bloody hell !|Head for the bar , the bar .
Take it easy , son .|If I could only be sure . Hurry , won 't you ?
What are you talking about ?|So , I was just dessert to you two ? Come on babe , please .
It 's just that ...|It won 't come out , mate . I 'm sorry . Okay , fine .
Even my dog fucks female pups !|The sick bastard !
I 'm still blind .|I can 't see .
Shouldn 't have said that ...|Byung wasn 't gay .
That freak !|The bastard ... Results came in from forensics . What is it ?
Do you hear ? I 'm still blind .|Dave , I know anything I might tell you now will mean very little to you . But you 're free to go home .
Dave , I know anything I might tell you now will mean very little to you . But you 're free to go home .|Go home ? Heather was responsible for it .
Well I never . Where 's that from ?|This ?
Yes , sir . Got anything else ? Think !|What about the CCTV ?
I almost forgot what Kang 's secretary mentioned . What is it ? Before he got killed , he met an army friend at the gym . So ?|He flipped and searched through the members list . And ?
I 'm not up to this .|Yes , yes , my girl . Who loves you ?
Yes , yes , my girl . Who loves you ?|You understand me .
You 'll have to ID him . I only slept with him a few times ! But you must ID him for us . I can 't look at a dead man .|The guy is completely slaughtered ... If you don 't solve the case , I 'll have your heads !
I must have dropped it into my pocket and forgotten all about it . I wonder if it means anything .|Who is it ?
You see me as a woman ?|A little ... Thanks , kid . At least someone thinks I 'm a girl .
Is that you , Tanya ? No , it 's not Tanya .|She 's gone . I 've been waiting for her to leave .
I 've had it with him . In the past ... Why are you telling us that now !|In the past ... That 's it !
She may enjoy it .|We 're modern with everything but our kids . Pass me the chisel .
You have to respect the fantasies of others .|God !
Man ... Byung Kang , base 25 , soldier number 76061 ...|Transferred ? Jay Bae , soldier 73013736 . Transferred off base .
No .|Sit down a moment , please .
This person was there around the time of the crime .|We should check out this woman , too . Forget women for now !
You didn 't find him ?|I didn 't look .
She knows that if you regain your sight , she 'll lose you to Miss Hayden . So she tried to prevent the operation . But Bittaker intervened and returned the eyes . He was afraid she might get into trouble , so he did it anonymously . I don 't believe it !|It 's a nice theory though , isn 't it ?
Suspicious ? Nothing , sir . Nothing , sorry .|One thing , sir .
Forget about the boob operation .|I haven 't enough money to pay for it .
You didn 't find him ? I didn 't look . What ? I see . He wasn 't someone you 'd want to be tied to ...|Byung Kang Is it the same guy ? By the looks of the wounds , yes . Jay Bae What about Jong Ha ? We can 't prove he did it , but he 's definitely involved .
Forensics found the weapon is something like a knife that 's 30cm long . We need more research on exactly what type of weapon it is .|It 's not a knife ? We found out something from their army records .
How nice .|This will get me lots of likes , which is what I like . Followers no , likes yes .
This will get me lots of likes , which is what I like . Followers no , likes yes .|Of course .
Tanya . Yes ?|Come here .
No . Why should it ?|Because I found it next to Dad Hayden 's body the night he was murdered .
I 'm always grateful to you .|Looking good as always , ma 'am .
Thank you , sir .|Good night , all .
What if ...|Stop !
Stop !|Out of my way ! Stop ! Stop right there !
Good night , all .|There they are , boss . Should I follow them again ? Yes . Don 't let them get away from you .
Alejandro !|Alejandro !
It 's silk . It 's silk .|Calm down , don 't do it . Don 't do it .
Hello ? I want the police .|Tanya ? Come in . It 's not Tanya .
This is some freaky place .|If I drink this , will you date me ?
Sorry .|Sorry .
I can 't tell with the Chinese . I 'm not Chinese , I 'm Ecuadoran .|You look Chinese .
Is it true you were his closest friend in the military ?|Did Byung Kang send you ?
I heard you strike a match . Felt the heat .|What did Tanya Czoraki know ?
You never can tell what 's going on inside their heads .|Where did she go when she left here ? Told you , I don 't know . She said she was going out with a man . Yeah , that was with Alan Bittaker . And later in the evening , they ran into Nick . It 's odd , isn 't it ?
Sticking the dog posters up . Bollocks ! The dog posters ? What 's this ?|Can you explain it to me ? I found it in a dustbin .
Can you explain it to me ? I found it in a dustbin .|Explain it to me .
Explain it to me .|Where 's Blanki ?
The crazy bastard ... At nights , he 'd automatically go around .|He came to me , too . Please , don 't touch me ! Please !
He came to me , too . Please , don 't touch me ! Please !|It was pretty sick . He slept around so much .
It was pretty sick . He slept around so much .|Those three called him in every single night ...
It 's too bad you can 't see so you could have finished it .|Yes , Stuart , it 's too bad you can 't see .
Well , I 'll be running along .|Drury ... How did you know I hadn 't gone out ?
Antonio .|I swear by my grandmother 's grave I don 't know where the dog is . I don 't know what 's wrong but you 've been odd for days . You don 't fool me , something is going on .
That 's why he went to the army ...|The army 's swarming with men .
This nail . It 's the key to everything .|She knew the secret .
Tell me .|Antonio , I don 't know how to . I knew there was something . I knew it .
Antonio , I don 't know how to . I knew there was something . I knew it .|I should have told you the first day , Antonio . I 'm dead scared .
I 'm ill .|It 's not cancer ...
But someone did . I saw a cab pull out right after you left .|I saw ... Who ? Who was it ?
It 's cancer .|I 'm so sorry .
I 'm so sorry .|Everything will be all right . You 'll see . It doesn 't look good , Antonio .
What happened , Trevers ? I don 't know , Miss .|Who 's there ? Who is it ?
Everything will be all right . You 'll see . It doesn 't look good , Antonio .|No .
Who 's there ? Alan , Dave .|What is it ? Why did you call me to come here in such a hurry at this hour of the night ? Here , give me your hat and stick .
What is it ? Why did you call me to come here in such a hurry at this hour of the night ? Here , give me your hat and stick .|Did you see anyone outside ? No . Who ? Why ?
I 'm scared shitless .|Paco , honey , you 've put me up in your house , given me a roof , food ...
Yes ? I didn 't .|You did . What ?
I 'll call you later . Let 's go away together .|I 'm outside the shop .
Jong Ha ...|He 's dead .
You 're insane . Why , I loved that girl . I know . But you had to kill the thing you loved because you loved life more . You 're a madman ! I 've suspected it before , now I know . Losing your sight has permanently deranged your mind . No , Alan . I thought so for a while .|I suspected Tanya had killed Dad Hayden .
I told you to watch him ! Can 't you do your jobs !|We could all be discharged for this . Got that !
But I believed if she did , it was to help me .|Well , I couldn 't turn her in , could I ? I didn 't know what to do .
Well , I couldn 't turn her in , could I ? I didn 't know what to do .|So what did you do ? I showed her something .
Come on , let 's have a drink . No , no , no . These are very big .|They wouldn 't look right on you . But please , sir , I want to have big boobs . Have you seen this cup size ? Heads up .
I 'm so hungry .|Where 's my cell phone ?
This . I found it next to Dad Hayden 's body .|Tanya noticed that just such a nail as this was missing from the head of your walking stick .
When she called Heather to tell her of her suspicions , you overheard and killed her . Dad Hayden was killed the same way . Only two people could have done it , you or Nick . And Nick doesn 't carry a walking stick . This nail shook loose the night that you beat Dad Hayden to death .|You never missed it , see how well it fits ?
Who is she ? Is she from the clinic ?|Is she younger than me ?
I told you to stay out .|I must report everything on the case . Including you !
These drops make you sleep every night .|And I get pleasure from you . So much .
Blindness has sharpened your mind . But not enough to see everything . Your only mistake was asking me to come here tonight .|You can see ! Too bad you didn 't guess that before , Dr. Bittaker .
So is the culprit a man or a woman ?|I think we 're looking for a transgender . What ? Trans ... what ? You 're saying those two are the same person ?
You know , it 's people like you that have caused me to steer clear of all this book psychology .|Farewell , friend David .
Oh , Paris ?|You 're immigrating there ?
You 're immigrating there ?|Employees Only
Kang made a secret contract putting the gym in your name . Right before he died , too ! Why would he do that ?|Probably ' cuz he loved me , a lot ?
A strange , fantastic world controlled by a mass of living , pulsating flesh , the mind .|It destroys , distorts , creates monsters , commits murder .
Why ? Is that illegal ? Why do you carry this around ?|What 's Bae in this picture ?
Yes .|Even you , without knowing , can commit murder .
What ? The fucking ...|Fuck .
Antonio , what 's wrong ? That message ?|Antonio , what 's wrong ?
Why ? I don 't know . But I happened to be looking out , and I thought I saw her hurrying madly along the street . And after all , Norman , at this hour .|Why , Paula 's been in bed all evening . I 'm sure you must be mistaken .
Why , Paula 's been in bed all evening . I 'm sure you must be mistaken .|Well , maybe I was . Sorry to bother you . Good night .
I was on my way for a delivery ...|When I went in , he was already ...
When I went in , he was already ...|I was afraid of arousing any suspicion , so I just came out .
Antonio , what 's wrong ?|Exactly , what 's up ?
Yes , I suppose so .|Why don 't you go to bed ? It 's late . In a little while . I have some more writing to do .
And they 've sent it in a ... by WhatsApp .|I 'm fine .
I 'm okay , I haven 't got anything . The biopsy was fine , everything was fine . I 'm clear Antonio .|Show me .
Get out of my life !|Get up fool !
What ?|The WhatsApp . I want to see it .
The WhatsApp . I want to see it .|Candela ! Candela !
Love ? I was just joking , man ! Don 't lie ! I know how you really feel ! The fuck you do ...|I was just playing with 'ya ! Got that ?
Alex .|What happened ?
What ? I have to tell you something and I don 't know how , because it 's embarrassing , but I have to tell you . Natalia , don 't scare me .|What happened to me at the petrol station has a name . It 's called harpaxophilia . I know it 's that because in my family there are a series of sexual paraphiles which are repeated in the females . For example , my grandmother liked cripples . Do you remember my lame grandad ? Yes .
But , did you come ?|Yes .
And where the star fell , someone will die . Oh , now ... Oh , you mustn 't scoff . You should be very grateful to have seen what you 've seen . Let me introduce myself . I 'm Norman Reed .|Reed ?
And thought Kang would apologize .|He came by ...
Sorry , sorry .|I 'm going to have a fig .
It was soon after that Father died and Laraua , my old nurse , brought me up .|She 's a high priestess now . It 's almost unbelievable , finding someone like you in this strange setting with witchcraft and jungle gods . It 's ...
I 'm going to lie down for a while , I 'm working tonight and I feel a wreck . Okay .|I 'm going to ...
I 'll be with Rafa all afternoon , I 'll see you later .|Have a lie down if you want .
Paula said it was a circle of immunity that saved my life .|Strange superstitious child . I remember when I first brought her home from the islands .
When you said that ...|I wanted to be with you again ... Shut up ! Don 't do this .
I wanted to be with you again ... Shut up ! Don 't do this .|I know how you really feel .
Norman , glad to see you . Hello everybody .|Paula , dear .
This is Professor and Mrs. Harrison . How do you do , Professor ? And here are the Sawtelles . Millard 's in the Sociology Department , and Evelyn 's a shark at bridge . Well , Norman , we received the advance copies of the book . Why , it 's a fine job . And fine press , too . Well , thank you . Millard 's written a book , too , since you left , and it 's been accepted by World Press . Oh , that 's fine . Congratulations to you , Millard , then . Thank you . Yes , yes , I 've really been too busy , but Evelyn kept at me . Not as brilliant as yours . Oh , now . With this admiring throng 's permission , the hostess would like to introduce herself . Well , it 's about time . This is my sister Ilona , Mrs. Reed . I want you two to be good friends . I hope we shall be .|Why don 't we start by mixing you a drink ? Norman , will you help me mix another round ? He 's an expert mixer .
Tell me ! Say it !|You should 've stayed low .
Tell her I want to shag her hard .|No , no ... She says ... She prefers it softly first and harder after . Ask her if she wants me to put it up her ass .
It 's a shame ...|You think ... there is shame in love ?
Oh , hello . This is a surprise .|What are you doing here so early ? I came to talk over a matter of business . You don 't mind discussing business with me , do you ? Of course not . You said we should be friends , Norman , and you 're right . We both have to live in this little island of culture , and we might as well be civilized about it . Oh , I 'd like nothing better .
I don 't think so , he 's putting it up your ass . I don 't care , woman , ask him .|Fine .
Do you want me to suck it ?|After putting it up her ass she wants to suck it ?
After putting it up her ass she wants to suck it ?|Giggles , right ? You playing a joke ?
I lost the lighter you gave me .|I think it 's gone for good .
What the ...|She hung up .
Oh , he 's so brilliant .|There are some things I cleared out of the vault for you . He 's so sweet and so considerate .
It 's you , isn 't it ?|You killed them , didn 't you ?
There are some things I cleared out of the vault for you . He 's so sweet and so considerate .|And there 's something so dynamic about him .
Sorry , I guess I kind of barged right in . That 's all right . After all , you 'll be hanging around Professor Reed 's office after today . Say , what 's she in such a lather about ? What does she have to go to work for him for ? Wasn 't she doing all right here ? Well , she may do even better there . Besides , he asked for her . Why ? Why not ?|Sometimes a young and pretty girl can be a great inspiration to a mental giant like Professor Reed . Well , she 's my girl , and he 'd better keep his hands off her . What a thing to say .
Sometimes a young and pretty girl can be a great inspiration to a mental giant like Professor Reed . Well , she 's my girl , and he 'd better keep his hands off her . What a thing to say .|Are you taking his course this term ? Yeah , he 'll probably flunk me .
Where are you going ? That 's my business . Yeah , and a dirty , rotten business , too . I know where you 're going . So what do you want to ask me for ? Look here . I 've stood about enough of this , I have . Oh , stop your nagging , can 't you ? Driving me silly . Driving you silly ? Well , you 're driving me mad , that 's what you 're doing . I 'll tell you straight . Somebody 's going to get more than nagging , next time I catch you .|You know , I did not know Ms. Rogers was your niece . She isn 't , she 's no relation , but I knew her father very well , and she takes advantage of me to call me Uncle , or Uncle Portleigh . Dashed impertinence . She 's a clever girl . Her father , splendid chap , but no head for business , left her nothing , and she 's earned her own living ever since , haven 't you ? Indeed , and how ? Interior decorating . Ooh , very interesting . Yes , I 've had five years , very hard work . And now I 'm over here at the Draytons ' on a vacation . Will you excuse me , please ? I must find my wife . Oh , quite .
No . It 's true . I 've watched her .|I have seen the little things she does . She told me herself that the old nurse who brought her up on the islands was a high priestess of some sort . Do you believe in that sort of stuff ?
I 've never seen you . I 've seen you ... a lot .|Sorry , I have to go .
I wonder when and how Sir John asked her that question , what her dreams of the future were when she said yes . Well , never mind about them , dear . Just you say yes . The place is creeping with people . Race for the fair . Pretty girl . That 's her excuse . She can 't help being pretty . The cook might have killed her . The cook and her husband must have been in love once . Now look at the tragedy they 've come to . I 'm tired , good night , George . Still , I don 't blame you for falling for Judy . You women , you certainly amaze me .|I wouldn 't mind if you and I could take things as lightly as Kitty and George . And I shouldn 't be afraid . But what have you and I got to be afraid of ? You look into yourself too much , Judy , darling . Listen , I 'm gonna be here for a whole week , and I 'm not gonna let you go with the others , whatever you say tomorrow . Lucky escape , all of you . You and your wife had better come and see me in the morning . Yes , m 'lord . Judy , say you 'll stay . I told you I 'd think about it . But I can 't take a night of suspense . Oh Nick ... Yes , I 've come to find it nonsense , touching the toes of my time alive . Hello . I thought you 'd gone to bed . I was held up . Do you know it 's safer in America ? Uncle , ask Judy to stay on this week . I have asked her and she said she would . Oh , one day I 'll wring your neck . Uncle , isn 't it about time you were in bed ? I 'm going . Leaving young people about at this hour of the night , they didn 't do it when I was a boy . Respect .
I wouldn 't mind if you and I could take things as lightly as Kitty and George . And I shouldn 't be afraid . But what have you and I got to be afraid of ? You look into yourself too much , Judy , darling . Listen , I 'm gonna be here for a whole week , and I 'm not gonna let you go with the others , whatever you say tomorrow . Lucky escape , all of you . You and your wife had better come and see me in the morning . Yes , m 'lord . Judy , say you 'll stay . I told you I 'd think about it . But I can 't take a night of suspense . Oh Nick ... Yes , I 've come to find it nonsense , touching the toes of my time alive . Hello . I thought you 'd gone to bed . I was held up . Do you know it 's safer in America ? Uncle , ask Judy to stay on this week . I have asked her and she said she would . Oh , one day I 'll wring your neck . Uncle , isn 't it about time you were in bed ? I 'm going . Leaving young people about at this hour of the night , they didn 't do it when I was a boy . Respect .|Oh Judy . My sweet , I love you so terribly . And I love you terribly . Well then , say yes . Nick , suppose you and I came to hurt one another like these people tonight , and others I know . Well , we shan 't . It seems the ones who love terribly , hate terribly . Let 's be sensible and wait . Oh , who wants to be sensible ? I do . We 're going to be down here for a week , a heavenly week , but you must promise me one thing . You won 't ask me again , not yet . Well , I shan 't have anything else to say . But I 'll go back with the Draytons unless you promise me . I mean it , promise . All right .
Oh Judy . My sweet , I love you so terribly . And I love you terribly . Well then , say yes . Nick , suppose you and I came to hurt one another like these people tonight , and others I know . Well , we shan 't . It seems the ones who love terribly , hate terribly . Let 's be sensible and wait . Oh , who wants to be sensible ? I do . We 're going to be down here for a week , a heavenly week , but you must promise me one thing . You won 't ask me again , not yet . Well , I shan 't have anything else to say . But I 'll go back with the Draytons unless you promise me . I mean it , promise . All right .|Good night . Oh darling , there 's just one more thing . Will you marry me ? Oh , Nick !
Bless my soul , here they come . Where are those picks ? Here , me lord . What the deuce are you doing ? I 'm not the bride .|Oh !
So , it 's Norman now . Oh , I ...|Margaret , I 've made the final changes . This is the way it goes to the digest , for better or for worse . Oh , it 'll be for better . It 's the best of its kind they 'll ever get . You know , I think I 'll make you my press agent .
Eternal sunshine . Bored , darling ? No , darling , of course I 'm not . I must say , I would like to feel a little English rain on my face again . Oh , that 's a poor excuse . I 'm glad we haven 't let this play all our lives . It has been wonderful . And now it 's like the end of a first chapter . First hurdle . What 's that ? Nothing , nothing , nothing . First hurdle ?|Ronnson 's back in London . Yes , I noticed he was . They say his next trip 's gonna be the most important of his life .
Shortly after Father passed away , on August 9 , 1965 We were chased out of the house|We did not have a choice but to return to Grandfather 's house at the countryside
But never published . No , never published . Never ...|Never published .
Never published .|You read ... You know ?
Ah Kun , Fourth Uncle|Please be rest assured , I will not be a free loader
My dear Nick , you don 't suppose any grown woman ever meant those ideas . Yes , I do . How nice and boyish .|They 're very clever ideas . Clever ? They got you .
I only wanted to warn you and to tell you that I 'll try to keep it out of his hands if I possibly can , but unfortunately , there may be other copies .|I didn 't want to write a book . I didn 't want to . I couldn 't .
And let there be no moaning at the bar when they put out to sea .|Thank you very much . Come along , you maniacs .
It 's just a pity that Norman Reed had to remember it , too . You didn 't tell ? I mean Evelyn , she doesn 't know about this ? Of course not . I only wanted to put you on your guard .|What shall I do ? Well , what he 's after , of course , is to get you to withdraw as a candidate from the sociology chairmanship . I 'm afraid he might use this as a club . Oh , Evelyn wouldn 't let me . If I tried to , she 'd find out about this . I 'll be disgraced . Every college will hear about it .
Fourth Uncle , Please let me stay I will get a job as soon as I have given birth I 'll help out with family expenses You can trust me I will contribute to this family|Sis , You are that free ? Right Ah Hee , tidy your room Let your sister stay with the children Why my room ? Where shall I sleep then ? You sleep with your nephews
Is this everything ? Everything .|You got that little silver hand from the car cushions . I can 't think of any others .
Do you realize that you 've been turning the hands of the clock back to the Dark Ages ? Norman , some things don 't belong to any special age . They 're a part of everything and of all time . Forces for good and forces for evil . I did nothing to hurt anyone , only to help you and protect you . Protect me from what ? You were in terrible danger .|Ilona Carr is your enemy . I know it . I had to build a wall of safety between you and her . Yes , I saw it .
Oh God|Why give me another daughter ? I already have three God , stop making a fool of me
Graveyard dirt around her and nails pointing toward her heart . Oh , but only if she tried to hurt you . I haven 't wanted to harm anyone , Norman , only bring you the success you deserved .|And you saw how it worked . The book , the prize , and they 've practically decided on the sociology chairmanship for you . Did it ever dawn on you that perhaps I had earned my success ? Oh , yes , yes .
There is another one ? Doctor , there is another one !|One more ' ? There is another ' ?
One more ' ? There is another ' ?|Push
Push|More strength
I was awfully pleased you wanted me with you in Cannes . I would have loved to have seen the boat race .|But it did seem important to get the flat ready .
Thank you . Thank you You are back Congratulations It 's twins|Yes , one male one female This one with the two moles , is it male or female ? The one with two moles is the girl The one with a mole is the boy ? Yes This boy is so cute
" was the struggle of reason against superstition . "|And now here in my own home , my own wife .
And now here in my own home , my own wife .|Poor , frightened , strange little child .
Stephanie , I mean . And they took me out to her villa . It was the last night , and I stayed there .|Judy , say something . What do you expect me to say ? You expect me to cry or scold ? Or make a scene ?
Fine funeral . Yes , it was . I never saw Millard look better . First time the poor little guy didn 't shrink from the public gaze . Too bad he didn 't see that snazzy little suit you bought in his honor , Ilona . Nothing is sacred to you , is it , Grace ? You might think of poor Evelyn . Poor Evelyn drove him bats . He was all right till she married him and tried to make him swim out of his depth . She kept saying we killed him , Norman and I.|She was hysterical , I suppose .
You scared me there|Who tripped again ?
I wonder what gave her the idea that I was responsible for his death ? Sounds as though he 'd been bewitched , doesn 't it , Paula ?|Where 's your medallion ? I 've never seen you without it before . Ilona , there 's something about your smile right now that makes me think of Jack the Ripper .
The lady may return , I am not at home to anybody else . Jawohl .|Number Ten Fox Street , governor . Yes , this 'll do .
Honestly , Grace !|Norman , I 'm frightened . You don 't know what you did when you burned everything . You left us at the mercy of evils . Paula , you 've got to stop it . You must break free of these jungle superstitions .
 I tell you , Herr Ronnson is not here , sir . Then I 'm gonna wait 'til he gets back . When do you expect him ? In about two years . He 's sailing this morning for the Arctic .|You sure the boat 's sailed yet ? Can you find out , please ? I will try .
The boat has sailed .|Oh Judy , isn 't it grand ? I 'll bet Nick just loves it . He hasn 't seen it . Hasn 't seen it ? Well , he 's been back a month . He hasn 't been here since the night he came back from Cannes . Oh , then I was right . How did you find out ? He told me . He told you ? Ooh . Are all men as dumb as George ? Oh , but Judy , you haven 't broken for good , have you ? No , no , he 's coming here this afternoon . As a matter of fact , I thought it was Nick when you came . Tell me all about it . Well , I 'd rather not talk about it . Oh , don 't be mean .
Men have created words , words to explain everything they cannot understand .|Words like " coincidence " to conceal their fears .
In order for us to stay , Mother went to work as a laundry washer before she finished her confinement The money earned were our living expenses|Lady Boss
To conceal their fears .|No , I don 't want to say that .
You helped me sell my Nasi Lemak at the coffee shop in the past|If you need any help , I will definitely help you
What do I want to say ?|I told Paula that she must free herself from those jungle superstitions .
If you need any help , I will definitely help you|Thank you , Osman
Thank you , Osman|You are doing laundry for others ?
Am I beginning to doubt my own reason and logic ?|Black magic . Island witchcraft .
You must realize , Mrs. Randall , that if I find that you 've withheld evidence of your own unfaithfulness , which you should have voluntarily have put before the court , it may very likely be that I must withhold my discretion to grant you your divorce .|Milord , I think I ought to mention that all this is a complete surprise to me and to the solicitors instructing me . I quite appreciate that . If you say you could assist matters , I 'd be pleased to see you and Mr. Bradley in my private room . If you will meet me there at once , I will adjourn the court for a short while . As your Lordship pleases .
I know you 're upset over what happened to Professor Sawtelle . Yes , I suppose so .|All those things they 're saying about you , they 're all lies . What things ? Well , that you had something to do with Professor Sawtelle 's death . But whatever anyone else says , I believe in you . Well , thank you .
No one sells soy milk at the market You interested ? Yes , oi course Thank you|You 're welcome
When I knew you chose to be here with me , rather than with ...|Well , with anyone else , I was ...
Well , with anyone else , I was ...|Well , I ...
It happened . And it happened quickly .|Someone from the hospital will eventually need to know the plans . What plans ?
And this I have already washed them Already washed ? Already washed|With Uncle Osman 's help , Mother learn how to make bean curd and soy milk She kept practicing on her recipe
Haven 't I got enough on my mind without listening to this romantic twaddle of yours ? Now , go on . Get out of here . Go home and don 't let me see you here again .|Maggie , darling , what 's he done ? If he 's done anything to hurt you , I 'll kill him . I hate him . I never want to see him again , the philanderer . Come on now , darling , I 'll take you home . Oh , leave me alone . I never want to see another man as long as I live .
Hey , April ...|Bruce Hendrie is downstairs .
Bruce Hendrie is downstairs .|Catherine wanted me to apologize for her not being here . She couldn 't . I understand . I guess we have some decisions to make . Yes ... I 'm fine with whatever Leo wanted . I just don 't want a viewing . That 's my only request . Unless you and Catherine have any others . I wouldn 't presume to change what Leo wanted . You know , my son and I had a complicated relationship ...
Catherine wanted me to apologize for her not being here . She couldn 't . I understand . I guess we have some decisions to make . Yes ... I 'm fine with whatever Leo wanted . I just don 't want a viewing . That 's my only request . Unless you and Catherine have any others . I wouldn 't presume to change what Leo wanted . You know , my son and I had a complicated relationship ...|But all of that changed when he met you . These last few months , I have never felt closer to him .
What did you do to Margaret ?|Do to Margaret ? You know what I 'm talking about . You 've got plenty of explaining to do . Look , will you please go home ? I 've had just about all I can take . Yeah , that 's what you think . Listen , you psychopathic young fool .
Now , come on . Get up ! Get out of here and stay out .|Yes ? Norman , it 's Paula . Something terrible has happened . Paula ! Well , what is it ?
They 're just going to come over and try and cheer me up .|I don 't want to be cheered up .
Paula !|Paula !
Paula !|Paula .
Darling , what happened ?|No , don 't do that . Why ? The death chant , Norman . I heard it . I heard it . Death chant ? What are you talking about ? You know what it means . Someone is praying us to death . That 's pure imagination .
No , don 't do that . Why ? The death chant , Norman . I heard it . I heard it . Death chant ? What are you talking about ? You know what it means . Someone is praying us to death . That 's pure imagination .|No . Don 't answer it . Why not ? Because I 'm afraid .
Paula ! Listen to me .|Whoever is playing that music is just trying to frighten you . If you don 't fear it , it means nothing . If you do , it means everything evil . But I do fear it , Norman , because it is evil . Once I wasn 't afraid because we had protection . But now ... Now ... Oh , honey , you 're gonna drive us both mad with these foolish superstitions of yours . You 've got to stop it . Do you hear me , honey ? You 've got to stop it . Oh , no .
Excuse me . Yeah .|I can 't bear to see her like this . It breaks my heart .
Bean curd or soy milk ?|Five cups ? Five cups of bean curd or soy milk ? I will give you five slaps
Well ... With the funeral behind her , she can start to heal .|She 's lost the love of her life . And speaking from experience ... Things don 't get any easier after the funeral .
Five cups ? Five cups of bean curd or soy milk ? I will give you five slaps|You 're new here ? Haven 't you heard whose territory is this ? This is 706 's territory It 's five dollars , not five cups
Brothers of 706 , We just started our business , we don 't have that much|Here , here A dollar for you to have tea A dollar ' ? You think we are beggars ?
Here , here A dollar for you to have tea A dollar ' ? You think we are beggars ?|Settle this Hit him
Settle this Hit him|Stop it Don 't hit my brother
You should take your time with all this .|You think ?
Stop it|Don 't hit my brother That 's enough Stop it
Don 't embarrass 706|Let me tell you
Better than having him dead .|Better than having him kill himself . Or don 't you think so ?
Why don 't you go back ? Why don 't you go back to the jungle ? Go back ! Go back ! Go back !|Go back to the jungle where you belong .
I am fine You apply some medicine too You got beaten up too|Your condition is no better than mine
Fourth Uncle , how can you trust a divination lot ? This is not from me , this is what the Goddess Guan Yin said I have never gotten such a terrible draw|Also . Your daughter 's birth characters clashes with our entire family 's Where do you want us to move to ?
Let 's change the subject . Elle versus Dakota . Go . Don 't avoid the conversation because of me . I 'm okay to go there .|Okay .
Well ... How long have you been sick ? A little over a year . I had been exhausted for , like , a week , but me and my parents just thought it was the flu . Even my doctors misdiagnosed me at first . But once we found out what we were dealing with , it 'd been about a month and I had to lose my leg .|God , I 'm so sorry . Don 't be . I 'm okay . It 'd only be sad if I let it keep me down . I 'm gonna beat this . And I 'll let you in on a little secret . I 'm also gonna beat my best time for the 200 meter this spring . You can barely walk down the hall without stopping for a break . Now . But who knows where I 'll be in a week or two .
I 'm gonna hit the track after school if you want to join me . Yeah , I guess I could use an afternoon away from home .|It 's a little weird being here , right ?
It 's a little weird being here , right ?|I don 't blame her for not wanting to come back here , that 's for sure .
That 's the way I found Millard , only he was dying .|Norman . Norman , take me away from here . I 'm afraid . There 's nothing to be afraid of , honey . Yes , there is . This house is full of it , something evil . Evil , yes , it 's you . Don 't !
Look at their luxury car You need not worry , just hand your child over to them You will have good fortune in future Your child will have a good life too Don 't be heartbroken You 've done two good deeds today Firstly . Your family will be safe and your lives will be smooth sailing Secondly , the couple were married for years but never had a child By giving them your child , you are blessing them with luck of fertility Hurry and give them the child|Hurry
She 's adorable|We gave away my younger sister , Su Fang For us to continue living at Fourth Uncle 's , Mother had no choice but to listen to him and give her away
You know , I 've never had to do anything like this before . I 've never ...|Lost anyone close to me .
We gave away my younger sister , Su Fang For us to continue living at Fourth Uncle 's , Mother had no choice but to listen to him and give her away|Who can understand our pain ' ?
Thank you for bringing this by . I 'll see you ... Wait , wait , wait , April . Please don 't go out there . Look . Look . Wait . Aren 't you curious ? I mean ...|See , it 's Long Wharf . Leo was clearly leaving something behind . We should check it out .
Won 't you please try ?|Hello ?
We can have more children if we 're there We already have five How many mare do you want ' ? Ten|You think I am a machine ? Dear , look at the neighbor next door . 12 children Another has got 15 children Enough children to form a football team We only have a table tennis team Just five . How is that enough ? That 's enough , enough ! If you want to go , go by yourself If you want more kids , you may have more Alive or dead , I will still be here If you leave , I can get three more wives Are you trying to flirt ? Are you crazy ?
You can touch it if you want ... And I mean my leg . That 's okay .|So do I need a stopwatch or something ? No , I 'm just looking to run this without stopping . Okay , fair enough . On your mark ! Get set ! Go !
Don 't move .|What on Earth is it ? Where did it come from ? I don 't know . That 's what makes it so terrifying . I had this dream . What dream ? Millard came and stood over me . He looked dreadful , black as a storm . I never saw him look like that before . He said , " I am dead because a woman lied . "
What on Earth is it ? Where did it come from ? I don 't know . That 's what makes it so terrifying . I had this dream . What dream ? Millard came and stood over me . He looked dreadful , black as a storm . I never saw him look like that before . He said , " I am dead because a woman lied . "|" A woman lied . "
Handle the offerings with care|What are these ' ?
This thing , it 's voodoo . Ilona , he said the woman who killed him must confess . Nobody killed him . He killed himself .|But he kept saying he did it because a woman lied .
But he kept saying he did it because a woman lied .|Ilona , he can 't mean me , can he ?
Thanks for bestowing a boy on me Please bless Shun Fa with good health and excellence in his studies|Please also bless that Su Fang will be able to ward off and avert disasters after she has reached their house so that when she grows up , she won 't blame me for not being able to take care of her
Okay .|I can 't remove it . Maybe I can slide that plastic out with some pliers or something .
You two wretches Don 't let me find you|Father , I 'm back
It 's all over ...|" The roof . "
She will die one minute after midnight , he said . One minute after midnight .|Where is it , Evelyn ? It 's an evil thing . Where is it ?
Good girl Uncle|Was the army tough ? Don 't mention The officers are beasts Made us clean the floor and toilets in the morning We had to march and do training under the hot sun Also we couldn 't sleep well and there was not enough to eat Where did you get this fan ?
It 's comforting , I guess . Why not take that comfort ?|I mean , if I die and I 'm wrong , it 's not gonna matter , but ...
Was the army tough ? Don 't mention The officers are beasts Made us clean the floor and toilets in the morning We had to march and do training under the hot sun Also we couldn 't sleep well and there was not enough to eat Where did you get this fan ?|Can it be used Of course the wind is quite strong too I got it from my friend His father sells electrical appliances so I got him to sell at a lower price for you to use You will not need to use the hand fan then You think you earn that much ? No worries Dear This is Ah Hee 's token of appreciation
While I 'm alive , I 'll take that comfort .|Life is hard enough as it is without it .
You are back Yes Where is Sis and Brother ' ? Sis is not back yet Damn it You live here ? What are you doing here ? Don 't tell me Who is Ah Kun to you ?|This old geezer Your father ' ?
And she was in remission for over two months before her relapse . She 's young , she 's strong , and as you can see from the results of her genome sampling , she 's likely not only to respond well to your trial , but also to have a profound impact on potentially expanding it to the AML market . My hands are tied by the regulations of this trail , Dr. Carver , you know that .|I have three slots for leukemia in my trial . Two of which are already occupied by other young subjects .
I have three slots for leukemia in my trial . Two of which are already occupied by other young subjects .|I 'm sorry .
One minute past midnight . And she 's dead , strangled .|Just like the dream I told her .
I went on the roof of my building every night and I would look out at the city and think about all the things I was going to do with my life .|If you were to fall off this roof right now , what regrets would you have ? I mean , at the end of the day , that 's the most important thing to focus on . Ape ... He lived more than anyone I ever knew .
Yuu are Ah Kun ? Who are you ?|You are brilliant
If you think about it , he came into your life exactly when you needed him , more than anyone else in the world . It 's pretty amazing .|Dom , I 'm sorry .
China come and take care of the baby right now ! I gotta go to the market !|What the fuck !
Let 's find this next clue . There aren 't too many places to hide anything up here .|Hey , hey .
I 'm so proud of you .|Okay ?
Okay ?|Found something .
With or without him your business was doomed for failure|I live nearby so we 're considered fellow villagers
Don 't force me to raise my fist against you|Or else , things will get ugly No , please don 't How much do you have now ? Hand them all over I don 't have a single cent Big Brother
Or else , things will get ugly No , please don 't How much do you have now ? Hand them all over I don 't have a single cent Big Brother|We are really broke Don 't pretend I heard
Lucky you explained otherwise we wouldn 't have stood on ceremony Please don 't joke with this My " bed " is at the back Come , let 's go to " bed "|Big Brother She said that the bed is at the back Are we here for debts or are we at the brothel ?
I just want to go home .|Come on .
Make yourself at home , Jeff .|You 'd better call the police . I 'm afraid he 's unbalanced . Yes .
So I gotta ask ... What 's at the end of the scavenger hunt ?|It 's a secret .
Sit down , Jeff .|I suppose you think I 'm acting strange . You 're obviously in trouble . First , Iet me tell you , if you 've come to me for legal aid , I 'm going to have to disappoint you . I 'm up to my neck in work now . If you 'II only listen to me .
If you 'II just listen until I 'm through . will you promise to do that ?|Very well . But let me remind you again , I 'm too busy to take on any ... I know .
We can be ... like this for the rest of your life .|You 're not Leo .
Haw about this ? I still have some potatoes , ginger , garlic and onions at home|You can take this to cover some debts I will pay the remaining slowly
But I ...|Let me show you .
I will chop off your leg|What is it ?
Hey , Uncle George , how did the meeting go yesterday for the new clinical trial ? Well , it wasn 't the outcome we 'd hoped for but , I have a meeting in an hour with someone regarding a similar trial from Noratis . Well , I won 't get my hopes up . You should . Huh ? I 'm just saying , maybe you should get your hopes up . Keeping positive might not be such a bad thing .|Thanks , Bren .
My brother owes you money ?|How much do you owe them ? Not much
For who ?|Sorry , I 'm a little late , guys .
For centuries , mankind has been the dominant species . We 've domesticated animals , locked them up , killed them for sport . But a series of recent events seem to suggest all across the globe animals have decided : " no more . " And so we were hired , a team of people from different backgrounds , with different specialities : an expert in animal behavior , a journalist , safari guide , foreign intelligence agent , and a veterinary pathologist . Our task : to find out what is happening with the animals , why it 's happening , and how to stop it .|Previously on Zoo ... The global pandemic your father believes was about to emerge , it appears it has arrived . And that 's why I had Monsieur Alves bring the five of you together . If you 're not happy with the way I 'm handling my assignment , you can feel free to replace me . But until then , I 'm gonna try to do my best to reverse it . And the answer to the question you haven 't asked me yet is no , I 'm not gonna cut loose the member of my team who killed Agent Ben Shafer . All evidence suggests she 's the one who shot Ben . Go get her . I think these lions are communicating with each other . Long distance . The Mother Cell is in every single product Reiden makes . It 's everywhere . It 's all over the world . And it can 't be stopped .
Foreign goods 500 dollars Gambling debts 150 dollars A total of 650 dollars I don 't owe him that much Don 't calculate as you wish . Adding the figure to 650 dollars Bastard , you dare shout at me ? Just a dinner treat and you think I 'm a beggar|I doubt that yuu are broke
I wanted to work for mankind .|That 's the kind of a fool I was .
That 's the kind of a fool I was .|But that was my philosophy .
I have a pair of golden earrings you take it as collateral for the debt|Your sister is pretty good
I wanted to help suffering humanity .|That 's all I wanted . Not money , not glory .
Did he see you ?|This is bad . So you 're saying ... the company that put us together is the same company that we 're trying to take down .
I understand . Go on .|It all started several years ago .
Come on , Henry .|Good boy .
Good boy .|Come on , let 's go inside .
It was Christmas Eve , and the only problem on my mind was how to balance a Christmas tree on one arm , some packages on the other , while digging into my coat pocket for a dime .|Merry Christmas . Same to you . I liked my neighbors and they seemed to like me . Even the kids .
Then why did you wake up early to help me open the store ? Why not sleep in ? There is no why I missed everyone when I was in camp Why did you miss us ' ?|Because we are family That 's why You said it yourself We are family Place your bets . Place your bets
Because we are family That 's why You said it yourself We are family Place your bets . Place your bets|Sis What are they doing ? I will go and have a look
Ta !|Couple of months ago in Cape Town , the crew of a fishing trawler reported how a flock of razorbills attacked their boat . People were convinced they were after their haul of squid . But the captain was convinced they were after the crew .
Sis What are they doing ? I will go and have a look|They are gambling , what 's there to see ? Don 't learn gambling , it 's illegal
You get him settled now . And hurry up , dinner 's ready . AII right .|JEFFREY : Here .
Goodness gracious He just said he had no money to return and now he is gambling away This younger brother|Open open
No , we 're not .|You 're the one making a mistake . See , we 've got nothing to lose . You , on the other hand ...
Open open|Ah Kun
Process of elimination . Okay . This contains a list of every location around the world where Reiden products have been used . All right ? Since we need to find an animal that hasn 't been exposed to Reiden products ... We can eliminate any animals in that particular area . Exactly .|Hey , come on , guys . Really ?
So this is what 's so important .|" I find it difficult to express my heartfelt appreciation " for the great honor you have done me .
" I find it difficult to express my heartfelt appreciation " for the great honor you have done me .|" I feel that I am merely a servant of the people , " that it is my privilege and humble duty ... " " ... to help suffering mankind .
Aunty we meet again|We share an affinity
Sweetie , you saw what happened with those birds , right ?|It 's not safe here . We 're gonna go and see Justin 's parents in Maine . He 's gonna join us there . It 'll be good for Henry to be out of the city . Remember , keep an eye on Henry , right ? If he does anything weird ... I will , Daddy . I understand .
Cigarette ? No , thanks .|How 's the experiment coming ? I think I 'm on the right track now . Of course , it needs development , but I believe it has definite possibilities . I 'm sure it has , judging from what you told me some time ago . I sure hope it works . always cautious , aren 't you , Jeff ? well , knowing you as I do , I don 't need any further proof . Now , here 's what we 're going to do . You turn your notes in to Stevens , and we 'II get this thing into production immediately . There never was a better time than right now to put that drug on the market . But we can 't do that . You see , I have to be absolutely sure that we 're right . well , don 't worry about it , Jeff . As soon as we get into the process of production , I 'II give you all the time you need to perfect it . But listen ... Let 's not discuss it , Jeff . Turn in the notes and let 's get this thing started . AII of the notes are in my head .
They found the Mother Cell . And they think they can use it to make a cure .|It 's a shame they won 't live to find out if they 're right .
NO Here ?|NO
I don 't know what 's wrong with it . You guys were supposed to service this thing ! I don 't know why he didn 't service it . I don 't know .|Why don 't you guys take a suck on that tailpipe ?
Son of a bitch !|I don 't know what the hell I 'm going to do now .
Why is it here ? You asked to put it here yesterday|Big Brother can yuu lower the protection fees for us ' ? We can But if someone bullies you I will lower your level of protection too
Hot . Blown engine , right ? The engine 's blown to hell . Want me to call you a tow truck ? We got help coming . Really . Joey O 'Brien , Turgeon Auto . Finest automobiles by the world 's great carmakers . Great . Just what I need . A goddamn car salesman . You know , you 're in a very dignified profession . People rely upon you for the last images ... they have of their loved ones , and this ain 't a pretty picture . Oh , please , I 'm trying to bury a guy , not buy a hearse . I 'm talking a deal . 500 bucks over invoice .|Dealer invoice ?
May I help you back to your car ? Thank you .|Your husband must have been a fine man . He was a fine man .
And these here are for little Tommy . Oh , thank you . Have a good time , my boy . They 'II enjoy these .|JEFFREY : Hi ! Daddy !
Got a present from the boss for New Year 's Eve . wonderful .|Jeff , how about the raise ?
Tell him I 'll call him later .|God , she just drives me crazy . Jackie , be a little more subtle . She 's a married woman . You don 't want to get caught . Come on . God forgive me . I just can 't help myself . Hey , who can ? We 've got to talk about the sale tomorrow . Jackie , I 'm ready . Remember those two guys ... you weren 't here that day . Anyway , Dad had some outside experts ... come by to check our operation . They recommended we reduce the sales force ... when we move to the new location . How many you going to lose ? Molly 's gonna stay because she sells cars . Dad 's got a big heart , so maybe one or two others . What are you talking about ? We 're the guys . We made this place . Come on , Joey . Read the sign . Big Jack Turgeon made the place . He made you . He taught you how to sell and he made you rich . You 'd still be rich if you didn 't blow it on babes . I 'm having a few problems , some of them personal . But I 'm working them out . I 'll be back better than ever . Well , get back by tomorrow because you 've got to ... close a dozen units to make an impression on the old man . Otherwise , you 're gone . What are you talking about , twelve units by tomorrow ? Yeah , today and tomorrow . Today 's dead . No one 's gonna come in today ... if they know they can get it tomorrow on sale . Well , I know . Get on your horse , cowboy . Well , I know . Get on your horse , cowboy . Call all your old clients , I 'll toss you a few leads . Do whatever you 've got to do to get people in here . You 've got to sell , sell , sell , Joey . It would be terrible if you werert here anymore .
Get me a tin can Place some kerosene inside Let me have a look|That 's a huge one There are two
Women are funny that way .|MARY : Come on , Jeff , I 'm all ready . Okay , I 'II be right there . You didn 't tell him what I did . No , but I think he 'II find out soon enough .
Yours isn 't small either Why didn 't they take medicine ? We finished it|Why didn 't you tell me ? I will have to make a trip to Thye Shan Medical Hall
Why didn 't you tell me ? I will have to make a trip to Thye Shan Medical Hall|Burn this
My buttocks are itching too I want to drink it too Are your buttocks itchy ? Or are you itching for a beating ?|Police ! Stop running ! Stop ! CID ! Over there
I always feel as if I have accomplished an impossible task when I get him in bed . You can say that again . well , that 's that . Now we can celebrate . Good .|Happy ? Very .
Happy ? Very .|Sounds like we have company . hello , Mary . Hiya , Jeff .
Sounds like we have company . hello , Mary . Hiya , Jeff .|Say , in case you don 't know it , this is New Year 's Eve . So we 're inviting you downstairs for a party . They 're much too sober . Who 's sober ? It 's against the Iaw for anybody to be sober on New Year 's Eve . well , come on , we 've even got the landlady higher than a kite . Oh , no ! Oh , boy , is she flying ! That I want to see . well , come on ! Somebody has got to stay here with Tommy . Why , can 't he take care of himself ? I 'm not so sure of it . But , dear , if you 'd Iike to go ... Come on . Are you sure you don 't mind ? Why , of course not . Go have some fun . I 'II be down a little later . well , promise . Sure , I will .
I 'm terribly sorry . well , you should be . Young man , if you can 't hold your liquor , then just stop drinking . That 's right . tell me , do you know where Jeff Carter lives ? You mean Carter the chemist ? Yes . He makes gin in the bathtub .|AII the way up and the first door to the Ieft . Thanks a Iot . You 're welcome . Oh , happy New Year , too .
Divorce . There 's one woman in my life , though ... who doesn 't ask me for a thing . She lives for me . She really does . Every time I see her , I feel great . She really knows how to take care of me .|You know why , Joey ?
Graham . glad to see you , Jeff . It 's been a Iong time . Yes , it has . What are you doing here ? Oh , New Year 's . You know , new resolutions that should be made before the year ends . This where you work now ? Yes , at nights .|I have a job in a drugstore now . That 's no place for you to be working .
I love you , Joey . I really do .|Benny .
You saw to it that I wouldn 't work anywhere else . I know , and I 'm sorry .|But I 'm glad to see you 're keeping up with your experiments . well , yes , I work at it whenever I have the time . Sit down . Thank you . glass of wine ? No , thanks .
Perhaps you didn 't give them enough time .|Cutting in . hello , beautiful .
Cutting in . hello , beautiful .|Now , relax , sweetheart , it 's New Year 's Eve .
Think what I can give you . AII the facilities at your disposal to carry on any experiment you wish , with all the time you want . And what have you got here ? A few test tubes stuck up in a bathroom . Oh , I know that 'II sound wonderful in the biography of a great chemist , 100 years after he 's dead . But you ought to think of the present . I 'm offering you your old job back at your own terms . I 'm sorry . I 'd rather struggle along as I am on my own . Oh , dear , how was the party ? A little loud . Dear , this is Mr. Graham . My wife . How do you do , Mr. Graham ? Oh , your wife . well , I 'm delighted .|I 'm sorry I never had the pleasure of meeting you formally , that is , while Jeff was working for me . I assure you , it was my loss . well , I 've heard a great deal about you , Mr. Graham . I 'm afraid , not much in my favor . I 've been trying to get your husband to erase the past , but he 's a very stubborn person , Mrs. Carter . Yes , I know . well , goodnight to both of you , and Happy Hew Year .
Get up ! Get out of there ! What are you hiding from ?|Are you one of them ?
I 'm sorry I never had the pleasure of meeting you formally , that is , while Jeff was working for me . I assure you , it was my loss . well , I 've heard a great deal about you , Mr. Graham . I 'm afraid , not much in my favor . I 've been trying to get your husband to erase the past , but he 's a very stubborn person , Mrs. Carter . Yes , I know . well , goodnight to both of you , and Happy Hew Year .|Happy New Year . Thank you .
Get in there ! Move it !|I 'll fucking kill you . Move it ! Don 't shoot me .
You should take that as a compliment . Yeah , I suppose so . But any time Graham gives out any compliments , there 's something behind it .|He just wants to use me again for his own profit .
Let me have a look|Just some kitchenware
Everybody over there !|Wait ! Everybody back .
Just some kitchenware|Over here
Over here|Have a look
Aunty what is inside this ? I sell soy milk This is used to store the soy beans Open it Open it|Soy Beans
I 'm telling you , this is very expensive When I am not around , remember to water it if not you will get it from me|Who 's that ? Who 's that ? My younger brother Who are you ?
Sounds all right . But there 's only one trouble . I haven 't been able to lay my hands on a particular mold . This mold comes from certain plants in South America .|South America ?
Yes , I 've been burning a Iot of midnight oil studying up on it . Tonight , you 're coming over to my house with your wife for dinner . Oh , that will be fine . She 'II like it . You know , she hasn 't been out much lately since I 've been working on this . well , we 'II try to show her some fun . She deserves it . Make it about 7 : 00 . Fine . We 'II be there . Good .|Miss Rogers , have Stevens step into my office right away . Yes , thank you .
AII right . hello , darling . I was just putting Tommy to bed . Say , who 's that ? Why , that 's Mrs. O 'Connor . She answered our ad for a housekeeper . She 's wonderful . She doesn 't like noise . well , I guess a person has to , kind of , get used to things .|Say , maybe she 's got something there . You mean , we have . Don 't you sit down . We 're going out tonight . We are ? Where ? Over at the boss 's . He invited us for dinner . You mean Mr. Graham ? darling , things are looking up all over , aren 't they ? They sure are .
I don 't know when I 've enjoyed a dinner so much . Yes , it looked almost too good to eat . well , thank you . Judging from the looks of Jeff , you must be an excellent cook yourself , Mrs. Carter . She is . Oh , it isn 't that . Jeff 's so easy to please . well , we 'II have coffee in the drawing room .|You have a lovely home , Mr. Graham . Yes , it 's nice . Gets lonely at times . Beg your pardon , sir , there 's a telephone call for you . Oh . Just make yourselves comfortable . I 'II be back in a moment . Do you mind pouring ? I 'd love to . Thank you . Excuse me . Sure .
I told them already . I want them to go away . He wants you to go away . That 's very funny . What does he want ? He says that 's not on the program . Well , what am I going to do ?|He 's a little up in the air . Can you give him a few minutes ? We 'll give him one minute . What are you talking , one minute ? We 're not under enough pressure ... without you playing " Beat the Clock " ? Get real here ! This is a guy who shot a cop . He only shot him in the foot . That doesn 't mean he 's not dangerous ! You tell him ! Yeah , you start telling him what to do ... who knows what he 'll do to us ? You tell ' em I don 't know what the hell I 'll do ! They got the idea , Larry . We 'll give him fifteen minutes .
He 's a little up in the air . Can you give him a few minutes ? We 'll give him one minute . What are you talking , one minute ? We 're not under enough pressure ... without you playing " Beat the Clock " ? Get real here ! This is a guy who shot a cop . He only shot him in the foot . That doesn 't mean he 's not dangerous ! You tell him ! Yeah , you start telling him what to do ... who knows what he 'll do to us ? You tell ' em I don 't know what the hell I 'll do ! They got the idea , Larry . We 'll give him fifteen minutes .|Thanks , Mason , thank you very goddamned much ! What an asshole !
Oh , you wouldn 't mind , would you , darling ? After all , it 's in the interest of medical science . MARY : No , I wouldn 't mind .|How long do you think you 'd be gone ? That depends upon how long it takes to find the mold . Oh , thank you , Jason .
How long do you think you 'd be gone ? That depends upon how long it takes to find the mold . Oh , thank you , Jason .|Thank you . well , now that 's settled . When would you leave ? Just as soon as I couId get my equipment together . well , here 's to Jeff 's success , and a pleasant trip .
All right . You and me . Let 's talk . Everybody up !|Hurry !
Why , yes . Thank you .|I want you to have a look at these samples . Those boxes are for the pills , those bottles for the powders and these for the liquids . well , I think you could make the lettering larger . Make it stand out more . Yes , I thought so too . well , how does that strike you ?
That 's okay , very nice . Get a big spread . Right . well , Stevens , looks like we 're on our way . certainly looks that way . Now , when do you think you can get this on the market ? About three weeks . Good . How long will Carter be in South America ?|For quite some time yet .
For quite some time yet .|" So , keep your fingers crossed . " We may know in a week or so , what we have . "
That 's right CPF is having the Government use our money to do compulsory savings for us when we are in need of it , we aren 't able to retrieve it It can only be used for buying flats Isn 't it our money ' ? Why can 't we take it out ? I 'm young and can 't comprehend the reasons behind it Perhaps when I 'm older , I 'll understand|Mother and Uncle Osman grabbed hold of this opportunity and applied for a stall in the American factory They will be able to avoid the inspectors , and the gangsters ' harassment
Oh , it 's interesting . Isn 't it ? I wonder where it wouId look best .|Over the mantel of course . Then that 's where it 'II be . Right here , huh ?
Aunty , are your hands itching ? You keep pinching my vegetables Are you going to buy them ? They are not fresh They won 't be with the way you pinch them|Hello everybody
Morning everyone|Don 't be afraid How do you do ?
Don 't be afraid How do you do ?|I am no longer the inspector
AII four of them are dead . Yes .|But look at the others , alive and kicking .
How do you feel , Professor ? Oh , I don 't know . I can hardly believe it . well , there 's your proof . The four you gave the drug to are alive , the other four are dead . I don 't know what more you want .  Gee , it 's marvelous , Jeff . You did it . You did it ! GonzaIez is congratulating you too . You know , the wonderful part about it is , is that the substance we were looking for in the mold can be made synthetically back home . Yeah ? Hey , say , Graham will be glad to hear that . He was sure getting itchy fingers to put this drug of yours out on the market . Yeah . well , he can go to work on it as soon as he gets my formula . Wait till he sees this . Yeah , he 'II mail you a medal .|Yes , Stevens . Take a look at that . That 's interesting .
I already told him but he is full of shit and can 't listen properly|Don 't worry . Just bear through this period Thank you .
Don 't worry . Just bear through this period Thank you .|Shorty . What did you just say ' ? I didn 't catch you What did you say ' ? I said you were eating abalone , shark 's fin Harm ' ?
Certain new developments make it imperative for you to remain in South America for further work .|In a day or so we 'II mail you an outline of these new experiments . Again , my heartiest congratulations and best wishes . Send that right off .
You didn 't have to say that . He didn 't . No , man . You didn 't need to do that . That was mean . That was really mean . You all right ? You got a lot of girls . It 's easy for you ? It ain 't easy . It 's never easy . What 's your name ?|Lila ! I 'm a designer . I do ' dos . I do clothes . I did all these things myself . I got an entire clothes line called A La Lila .
What ? Are you an idiot ?|By putting a cross , it means you selected him That 's impossible Putting a tick means to select Putting a cross means you didn 't Do you actually know ' ? Shan 't argue with you . I 'll let you win this time round
What are you doing ?|You a Catholic ? I 'm tired . You a Catholic , Larry ? What ? If you do that , you don 't get to go to heaven . You go straight to hell . Larry , what are you doing ? You 're scaring me ! Oogie ! Don 't call me Oogie !
I 'll really punch you|Are you fine with this ?
What ? I got it ! It was right there .|A plan .
Are you fine with this ?|Having to sell vegetables when the day is still dark Standing all the day long . Know how much my legs aches ?
Dr. williams , can 't we give him Zymurgine ? Zymurgine ? Yes .|Oh , yes . I 'm afraid I couldn 't honestly recommend that . It hasn 't been thoroughly tested and proved . But , Jeff , that 's my husband , he wrote me about it . He worked on it . It 's a positive cure . I can understand your enthusiasm , Mrs. Carter , but unless we 're sure ... Oh , but you don 't understand . Wait , I 'II show you .
Trust me , Larry . I won 't abandon you . I will not abandon you !|Get out of here ! I will not abandon you .
Get out of here ! I will not abandon you .|Hold your fire . I don 't think he 's going to abandon you . You did it . We work well together . I 'm glad to be on your side , Larry . God , am I glad to be on your side . OK , you ready for the final part of the plan ?
How much is that ? 65 cents , please .|Thank you .
What 's this ?|So many gold accessories ? This is the dowry you gave me when I got married Really Keep them well . Don 't misplace them Had the gangsters found them the other day we would have been in deep shit
Jeff , come here .|Zymurgine ?
This is the last of my fortune You aren 't allowed to sell them|I haven 't gambled in a long while The most I did was buying lottery tickets
Give these guys some room !|We 'll take it from here .
Come here , you .|Looks like we missed all the fun . What are we gonna tell them ? We ? I ain 't talking to them . I 'm gonna be in big trouble . You better leave . No problem . I 'm going .
If you 're going to drive the unlicensed taxi , and with our vegetable stall doing badly , maybe we should just close our business|Bring it here
I miss this .|You sure you don 't want me to drive you home ? You don 't get back in the driver 's seat that easy .
Unlicensed taxi|Buss , give us a better price
Uhh , uhh ...|No no no no no no no no no !
Doctor ?|Mrs. Carter , I can 't tell you how sorry I am .
Oh , hello , Jason . Good evening , Mr. Graham . glad to see you back , sir . Oh , thank you . It 's nice to be home . Anything happen while I 've been away ? No , sir . Things have been rather quiet . Oh , Mrs. Carter called . Oh , really ? Get her on the phone at once . Very good , sir . hello ?|Who ?
What 's it ?|The factory is huge , with 800 employees Business should be flourishing ?
That 's true|I was thinking if you can be my sponsor and buy me a car I want to drive an unlicensed taxi
Stay there !|Shovel ?
I was thinking if you can be my sponsor and buy me a car I want to drive an unlicensed taxi|We can drive Father and Mother to town occasionally The kids can come along with you The whole family out on a trip . Wouldn 't it be nice ?
We can drive Father and Mother to town occasionally The kids can come along with you The whole family out on a trip . Wouldn 't it be nice ?|But ... I know what you 're thinking
No , I 'd rather come over to your place .|Yes , I 'II leave right away .
I have pawned Ah Feng 's gold accessories|Gold accessories ?
Her dowry But I 'm still short of 500 dollars|Ah Kun
Ah Kun|Haven 't seen you in so long
It was good of you to come over .|I hope you 're not angry at my calling you so late . No . Let me take your coat . Thank you .
Like you said , evaluating the food or magazines , you must 've done something shady to get this detail . I got a donkey .|You think that 's gonna cut it ? Hey Caleb , I was hoping I could talk to you about this water .
Not all employees buy from me|Even if they don 't , you should have some from when you sold your daughter
Graham ...|Mr. Carter .
Mr. Carter .|More champagne ?
When you moved back you said you will contribute to the family|What about now ?
Mary , there 's something I 've been wanting to tell you for a Iong time . Yes ?|I 'm sure you must 've known all along how I feel about you .
No , Mr. Graham .|I don 't think I ever really understood you until now .
You are my elder sister|Go !
Is that why you sent Jeff down to South America ? well , I must admit , you were the inspiration for the idea .|You had no intention of bringing him back ?
Been lean , honey . Nothing to trade .|I won 't even ask about the earrings .
Auntie . Get off The races are in a tense situation in the city This is only half the journey and yuu expect me to alight ? You are too much|I will only take half the fees from you You still want me to pay ? Half the journey and you want to be paid ? Forget it . I dun ' ! want it Get off . Get off How can you do this ? Run while yuu still can How do I get home if I alight now ? You can walk . Get off That 's too much You 're too much I have no choice Quickly find a place and hide This is too much Did they get into physical conflicts ? Was it out of control ? No , stop talking nonsense Hurry up and go home Ah ! I have to inform Sis , Mother and Ah Feng There are so many Malays in their factory
You don 't think I came here tonight just to let you make love to me , do you ? But Mary , I don 't understand you .|You 're a murderer . You killed my son . I killed your ... No .
Jeff told you how to make up the drug that would 've saved Tommy 's life , but you didn 't . You let him die . Mary , you don 't know what you 're saying , you 're hysterical . No , I 'm not ! And I 'm going to kill you just as surely as you killed my son !|JEFFREY : surely as you killed hundreds of other people .
Tonight , I will go over to your place And bring more pastries over Yuu can taste it. if it 's nice , Tell me . I want to sell them to the Chinese ls that possible ? No problem|Fourth Aunt . Fatimah made these Sis . Sis It 's so scary The races are in a conflict again Where is Mather ' ? Here There is conflict between the races Are you serious ? Yes What did you say ' ? What nonsense are you spouting ? Physical conflict ? Where did yuu get that from ' ? Stop spouting nonsense I am not I was driving my taxi earlier on When I was in town , I met Ah Hee doing guard duty He says the races have engaged in physical conflict It 's chaotic out there That is scary
I got a 7 split from 26 . For the first time , for the second time , gone to number 26 .|That 's quite an upgrade from that donkey . Guess you can keep that supply detail , Ernest . Thank you Flemming . ... A beautiful Semia Autoseeder . These steel giants are the last of the ... You know what debt is ? Yeah . I just got more of it . This is the last of it . Is it worth it ? It has to be . Yeah . Ready to show Momma ?
That 's quite an upgrade from that donkey . Guess you can keep that supply detail , Ernest . Thank you Flemming . ... A beautiful Semia Autoseeder . These steel giants are the last of the ... You know what debt is ? Yeah . I just got more of it . This is the last of it . Is it worth it ? It has to be . Yeah . Ready to show Momma ?|Just don 't tell her what it cost .
 Stay where you are . Something I 've got to have !|Jeff ...
Quick run for our lives Quickly flee ! Run for your life ! That 's enough . Stop squabbling We will leave with you You leave with Fourth Aunt Ah Feng . Let 's go|Find Shun Fa . I 'll wait outside for you
Shun Fa|Shun Fa
My brain was in his head .|And I knew that I must have it back to make it mine again .
Shun Fa|Shun Fa
Hence , they sent staff from Community Centers to villages to explain the situation appealing for the crowd to keep calm|Ai yo , what happened ? How did things turn out like this ? How would I know why it happened ? Everyone is doing this now I also informed our neighbors to sharpen the bamboo poles Whoever dare come , we 'll take them on with our lives
Our village seems peaceful , do we have really have to do this ?|It will be too late to start when it happens Stop talking and start sharpening
Your kids know what you did to your wife ? Fuckin ' drunk .|The surgeon general has issued a statement about fertility rates in urban cities dropping for the seventh year in a row . What we believed was a social correlation between urbanites is now a proven biological , though we don 't yet know all of the factors . It is not that ...
Jeff . Jeff , darling . Jeff , darling .|Don 't worry , he 'II be all right . I 'II do everything I can for him .
What 'd they say ? Uhh . Well when it rains , they 'll see what we have . When it rains ...|Eh , it 's just this dust in my throat . Don 't worry about me , Ernest . I want you to have it .
There 's a small ... how do you call it a small plant next to the sink . Can you water it ?|Do you speak German ?
That civil servant is too funny|Lying through his teeth Under control ? Ah Hee told me there 's conflict between the races
It 's a huge mess cut there Can that be controlled so easily ?|Remember what happened in 1964 ? There were chaos everywhere Burning of cars , houses and shops All that could burn were burnt How can it be that easy to control ?
Dear , some people are saying there 's tension between the races now You still want to bring these pastries to the Chinese kampung ' ?|My heart won 't be at ease if I don 't send these We 've promised them , didn 't we ' ? What 's the most important value ? Promise
My heart won 't be at ease if I don 't send these We 've promised them , didn 't we ' ? What 's the most important value ? Promise|Nothing will happen Come
Anyway , she doesn 't really seem to live there ... it 's some sort of holiday flat ... but she 's staying in flat though , and I 'm wondering what she 's like . You can 't really tell from her flat it 's totally empty .|We 've exchanged flats it 's not that important .
I had ' em . Long as I don 't get on your nerves , I prefer to hang out with you .|Shit ! Trap works .
Good ! Good , that ...|Yeah , that 's all I 'm saying . You don 't gotta marry her . You don 't want to wait around thinking something 's gonna come . Waiting 's a fucking disese . Think something , feel something ? You should do something !
Yeah , that 's all I 'm saying . You don 't gotta marry her . You don 't want to wait around thinking something 's gonna come . Waiting 's a fucking disese . Think something , feel something ? You should do something !|Alright ?
I was on the coast , in the mountains ...|I had to park the car ...
These pastries look delicious|You confiscated quite an amount as an inspector . Didn 't you try ?
I don 't want you seeing that boy Flemming , and I don 't want any more lies .|I could walk right out of here . You can 't keep me . No I can 't . But I don 't , ' cause you 're making me a liar !
You can always come back .|Of course I could .
Don 't .|You 're a dead man , Holm ! You won 't live out the week !
Up , up .|What ... What happened to your lip ? Don 't look like an accident . You drinking too much again ? You 're gonna set this story straight . What , with Caleb ? No , those watermen paid me to take it . There 's insurance money in it . I 'm promising you . Look , I ... I know you 're mad , but ... You 've got this wrong . You don 't want to get your head mixed up over our ... You know , our other problems . What ? Conflicted interests , no ? Be quiet ! She 's a flower . Someone needs to appreciate her for more than cooking and sewing .
I 'm sorry I took your machine , Ernest . I 'm ... I 'm sorry what I said the other day .|You 're going to find over time you can 't fix what you got . It 's not my fault . The state took my father 's land and gave it to , uh , whatever you are . No resources , no skills , no money . And it died .
Coconut if you misheard , once we step out from here our heads will roll like coconuts It won 't Let 's go out together|We can still make it if we leave now
I don 't know what they 'll do to you if you return what they want gone . I , I wouldn 't ' go back with those supplies . You know about Caleb . He 'll take it out of me in flesh . I 'm supposed to be halfway to the border with that gear . Fetches triple in the mountain passes . Anything does . I swear . I swear on my daddy 's soul . Those watermen are the ones to blame for all this .|No , no ! No , look . You can have half .
Come on .|Come here ! Anton !
Look . There 's only three of them There is a young girl and an elder There are so many of us and only three of them There 's no problem|Nobody at the back ?
NO Just the three of us Listen to me|No need to explain I saw Ah Kun and your family all ready with their weapons I have advised him to not behave like this You know how wicked his mouth is We have been friends for so long The affairs of others are none of our concern We are friends No conflicts We are all friends No fights We are all neighbors Are you serious ? Yes , I 'm serious
Come on . Let 's go see Caleb . When you 're done with that bottle , put it on the ground . We 're not going to make it in this condition . Do it ! Ernest , we 're too dehydrated to make it up there . Kneel down . Hands ...|Hands behind your back .
I have many Malay friends too|Look Even the kids say so
It 's natural to grieve a loss , Stud , but you have to be careful that your grief doesn 't turn into blame . Blame is the lazy person 's way of making sense of chaos .|You know , I want to talk to you about something , now you 're the man .
You know , I want to talk to you about something , now you 're the man .|I know how you feel about that machine , yeah ? But ... We can both see it 's , uh ...
He likes to joke|Lucky they are good neighbors that are willing to listen what we have to say
I guess what I 'm trying to say is I 'm thinking I could stick with that supply work , try and get some of that water down here . That 's not going to happen . My father tried a hundred times . I know , I know . You 're probably right . I just ... I just figured maybe it just sort of needs a , you know , a fresh face . Maybe we can try just one more time . I know you would never give up .|Well , I 'd like to help . Maybe it 'll be a gift . My gift to you , my gift to Mary . My gift to your nephew .
Well , I 'd like to help . Maybe it 'll be a gift . My gift to you , my gift to Mary . My gift to your nephew .|What ? It could be a niece . I think it 's too small yet to know .
What ? It could be a niece . I think it 's too small yet to know .|Really ? Yeah . I 've been called a lot of names but " Daddy " ain 't one of them . She wanted me to tell you .
Othenuise there would be chaos|Mother look
Why are there police cars ?|Why are there police cars ? Move
Why are there police cars ? Move|Don 't hit me
I don 't like those kinds of machines . Drag a man to his death . It don 't make sense . How do you think his kids feel ?|Look , I know Ernest wronged something by you all . You know it seems like these challenges at the times make honest people confused in their choosing . You know , I like to see to myself sometimes . Like we agreed , it can make you savage , put your hands on a man , just bloody someone for an idea . Not saying it 's not without cause , you know , a man steals from me , steals pure survival ? You know , a beating seems in the lines .
Ah Kun was arrested Last night ? I 'm worried that Ah Kun will be beaten up when he 's in prison|Stop guessing He will definitely be beaten
Why so ?|It 's just like Nasi Lemak
Look Rice . Chili sauce Chili sauce . Cucumber Arrested . Police Police . Get beaten|Do you know anyone that can help ?
Do you know anyone that can help ?|Let me think
Turned up in his effects .|Family 's thinking " What in the hell ? " and your boys talking up here keep lathering the tale . You know , sounds like one hell of a fight between you two . Who knows what to believe ? If I 'd set to do something to Ernest Holm , it wouldn 't amount to concussion , and that 's the god damned " talk talk " as you put it . Now what do you want ?
The Nasi Lemak and soyabean milk package is very cheap Ten cents for Nasi Lemak and soyabean milk It 's only ten cents|In this sensitive time , Mother and Uncle Osman To reduce the tension between races collaborated and came out with a Nasi Lemak and soyabean milk package It represented that togetherness of everyone and showed off the kampung spirit This initiative got them praise from the MP
That shit 'll put me out of business .|Blue skies , dry breeze . Out of the dusty earth . The things that we have complained about for their brutal consistency can now be seen as good graces and fair working conditions . In a few moments , this tributary will distribute its life sustaining gifts on this small piece of land . I raise these scissors in thanks to the state water works . Who thankfully reversed their decision to run an irriduct to st . Walstan .
Then we are the same age . The woman should be 10 years younger .|For shame ! You are an old man , and I am in my prime . But of course .
It 's been a long time since we 've seen such an act of peace and brotherhood around here . For this , we are sincerely grateful .|Let us say a prayer .
I know some people there|Let me check But no guarantee
Let me check But no guarantee|I 'll help you ask Don 't worry
Yes , please .|Then ring .
Thank you so much Thank you so much|Please take a seat Thanks
He will ask a few questions later Just answer them|Can I trouble you to hand this to the officer ' ? This won 't do
Yeah . But he 'd probably be thinking you 're alright .|Really ?
From right before Hanna 's entrance , The time for dacing is over , that was a bit too late , you could enter a bit sooner .|Okay .
Lee Kuan Yew hates corruption Ah Kun won 't be the only one in trouble you will be in trouble too|Haw about this ? You can give this to the officer 's father
The time for dancing is over , isn 't it ? For you and me .|I am 10 years younger than you . Then we are the same age . The woman should be 10 years younger .
I am 10 years younger than you . Then we are the same age . The woman should be 10 years younger .|For shame ! You are an old man and I 'm in my prime . But of course .
Haw about this ? You can give this to the officer 's father|Are you mad ? Ah Kun won 't be the only one in trouble you will be in trouble SO will I Everyone will be in trouble So stop playing tricks No thanks Please keep it ls your superior getting ready to meet them ? No , they 'll need to wait for a while He is busy at the moment It 'll be your turn soon She says we still need to wait
Sometimes , I see him the way you do , from the outside , wondering what he 's doing , what he 's thinking ... and then I also find him ... then I don 't know why we just can 't leave each other in peace ... or just like each other , I don 't know why I can 't do that .|How do you know how I see him ?
It 's late I have to go Just tell the officer nicely He will help you|Good luck Thank you Goodbye
And it 's also easy to admire Ivan , when you don 't have to put up with his arrogance and his perfectionism .|And the way he judges everything .
Come on down , we love cheetahs . X marks the spot on the four , so come on down and see Coco , Lazy and me , Calvin Hoyman . Where the vehicles vary , but the deals are all the same .|This is Calvin Hoyman , calling from Calvin Hoyman Auto Works . I 'm trying to reach Ernest Holm , over .
NO Yuu are so kind and beautiful Thank you|You may go in
Who 's calling on the CB ?|At the hospital . Mama wanted me to visit her , so I came down to see if you could give me a ride . Well , the bus to Quincy 's running again . What 's wrong with that ? Nothing . Sort of like what goes on in your head these days . That 's a fine idea . Get you off your heels , you 're going to report back where all that money we spend on her goes .
Is Lasse the tall one with the bike ? Yes , the one who keeps waving his hands around . Whenever he says anything , he always starts waving his hands , and laughing ... I don 't like it . I don 't know why he does it . Whenever he says something , I try not to look , but then I look anyway , and then he waves about , like this . Oh , sorry .|You 're bleeding . I 'll get a plaster .
I 'll go in then|Taxi ?
Should be Ah Kun|Ah Kun is back Father You are back Good Where is my unlicensed taxi ?
Ah Kun is back Father You are back Good Where is my unlicensed taxi ?|Sold
You want the round trip , so it 's 100 each way plus 50 for the cell phone . Once we start moving , sit tight and be silent . You 'll know when we 're across 'cause the road gets smooth . If there 's something wrong , press send on this .|And it really works ? Picks up a signal here sometimes . It 'll definitely work once we 're across . Shh !
Why didn 't you ask me before you sell it ' ? You were in jail How could I ask ? You could wait till I was out . Can 't you wait eight months ? Will you die if you waited ? You sold my car with my permission What will I survive on in future ? Eat shit is it ' ? Wait You need to step over the stove Change your luck I can change my luck by stepping over this ?|Stepped over Has my luck changed ? Will my car return ? Dear You were locked up for eight months if we didn 't sell the car what will the kids and your parents eat ? Me being a woman What do you want me to do ' ? What about Sis ?
I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry .|What did you break ?
Hello ?|Hello ?
Let 's eat|Go away Don 't sit here I don 't want Don 't sit here Just sit . What 's there to fight over ? There are so many chairs Why fight over that seat ' ? Ah Hai , came aver Let 's eat Eat while it 's still hot
I 'm tired .|And you ?
And you ?|What do you want me to say ?
Go away Don 't sit here I don 't want Don 't sit here Just sit . What 's there to fight over ? There are so many chairs Why fight over that seat ' ? Ah Hai , came aver Let 's eat Eat while it 's still hot|Eat
I don 't have my gun on me , but I 've got one . I 've got a Dualie rifle . Slam . I have . 45 . I share it with a few people though . Hm . Mine 's my father 's . You kill anyone ? No . You ? A goat . Sort of . But we ate it , so ...|I 've seen people killed .
There are so many seats Why must yuu sit here ?|You sit . I will move Ah Hai , sit here
Me too .|Do you dream about them ? No . Good . I 'm fucking haunted .
Keep that hundred . The whole round trip thing 's a scam . What do you mean ? To cross back over . It 's a scam . You don 't need to call us . Just walk right through . The border guards won 't stop you . They don 't care you 're going back . Okay . Thank you .|Okay .
Me ? Rear the pigs ? I don 't want to After army , I 'm going to be a bus conductor I will get paid , get CPF and free transportation Fourth Uncle|Since they don 't want it , can I have it ? There is a change of bosses in the factory . My permit will end this month If I have the farming permit , I can rear chickens , pigs and ducks My kids can help with odd jobs at home too . To help with the expenses
Bye bye , Jerome . Bye bye .|Sorry to wake you .
You know , I sold your machine ten years ago for a reforestation project . Six owners since then . I love thinking about all they 've seen . Them wheat farms of yours are never supposed to be as far west as they are . You ever heard of manifest destiny ? No sir . I like history . Everyone 's so damned scared to repeat it , they never thought how bad the alternatives was . Now look around at this world . Seems to me , repeat business to the well of bad ideas would 've put us all a lot better off than we are today . You know what conservatism is ? No sir . Well , that 's gone too . Prepare yourself . She 's a sight .|Okay , beauty . Let 's see what they did to you .
I didn 't know where I was .|There was a glass door , it was locked .
Gosh|Looks like the rain isn 't going to stop Quick , catch the leaks
I wanted to stay alive . I had to stay alive .|I saw him take off his jumpsuit .
I zipped it up .|I had to be quick . I was quick .
I didn 't . It 's out there in the barn . Saw it as I walked in from the road .|It 's all cleaned up , but it 's ours alright .
Do you believe it ? Just wish your father could see it .|Mary won 't tell me if she 's having a boy or a girl . There 's no way to know . I don 't want to be called " grandma . " I 'm putting you in charge of that . Okay . You 'll have to come up with a whole new name for me . You like the idea of that ? Think about it .
Mary won 't tell me if she 's having a boy or a girl . There 's no way to know . I don 't want to be called " grandma . " I 'm putting you in charge of that . Okay . You 'll have to come up with a whole new name for me . You like the idea of that ? Think about it .|Something 's wrong .
He 's already waiting for me , somewhere , thinking : Where is she ?|I wonder who I should invite , if I do have a party .
Don 't worry about me . I 'll worry about you , like Ernest . Like Dad .|This boy , Flemming . Does he make her happy ?
My husband is useless He 's never around when we need him|Should we drown I won 't let him rest in peace That brat is useless Shouldn 't have rescued him Stop complaining . Stop quarreling I 'll go see which route to take Then I 'll come back for you all Be careful ! Sis , take care
Mother , be careful|Dear , you said you were a smart inventor right ? Look ! What do we do now ? Don 't cry . Dad promise all of you . Next time , I will build a much taller house so that everyone will be safe
Even I 'm a little scared|Father Look
I 'm sorry .|God damn vultures heading west again . They 'll eat all our new seed . This thing don 't fire straight . Piece of shit .
Have you been to Zhao Di 's ?|Not yet What ?
Goddess Guanyin , you must bless me|Someone 's there ? Is that you ? Who ?
Sis|Sis
So ? Go on . Simone 's the type to run on the beach naked and not be bothered on this terrible island , where there are no cars , just donkeys and mangos , and unemployed islanders hanging around smoking dope ... And one of them is now cooking couscous in my kitchen and keeps giving me ivory keychains because he 's having such a great time . My head hurts and I don 't want to use my own toilet anymore I have to work , I want to work . I want to be alone .|And you two ? I saw you at the cinema the other day , but you didn 't see me .
You said 20,000 acres . Is that taxable or usable ?|But it 's pitch black out . There 's barely a moon . I 've got to stake the new property lines and see about the second air double . If they can 't run it , the land 's worthless . Why not go in the morning ? 'Cause I want to be back before tomorrow night . What are you really doing ? Stop , Mary .
Ah Kun Ah Kun|Ah Kun
Can 't you take the dirt bike ? I was maddening a belt , but I can 't make that .|You 're not yourself . What else is going on ? I 'm just asking .
Don 't .|Where 's the Dualie ?
He 's been ill for a while , but now he 's worse .|I hardly recognised him .
What do we do ?|A thousand things , if we 're not lucky .
You know the CB talk ? Robbie ? All of everything I 'm sorry .|It 's okay .
Robbie !|Robbie !
Robbie !|Robbie !
Zhao Di Help Ah Kun Snake Osman|Ah Kun
You 're welcome|Thank you
Help ! Help me ! Robbie ! Help me !|Help ! Help me !
The 1969 Floods seized the lives of some Many were homeless and the state of destruction was serious|After the Government 's inquiry to prevent floods from recurring they got a professional construction company  to dig drains and improve the drainage system to prevent history from repeating itself
Robbie , I 'm sorry !|Robbie , I 'm so sorry .
He still thinks of your father as a friend .|Every Monday , I took the train to meet your father , and he never asked .
Uncle Osman 's brave actions were once again applauded by the Government We were very thankful|The flood was in the past
The flood was in the past|Water levels have subsided
Our house wasn 't washed away|But will the flood occur again ?
This , we do not know|The Government said that The most ideal solution is to move to the flats
Hello ? Who 's there ?|Louis .
Help !|Help !
Louis .|I 'm fine .
The Government said that The most ideal solution is to move to the flats|There will be less chances of fire hazards and flooding problems
What are you going to tell your sister ?|I 'm not going to tell her anything .
I haven 't thought about it . Yeah , maybe .|We could ask him , maybe he 'll give us a sign .
She 'll hate that baby . She 'll hate that baby if you do this . She 'll hate you and she won 't even know it .|It 's ... Such a big world . You 're thinking so small ! What happened to your father was an accident ! And Robbie , he was just too dumb . I feel real bad about that . I wish I could take it all back , but it 's , it 's selfish to blame , Stud . I mean , Jerome . Good . Jerome . Just no more blame .
It 's ... Such a big world . You 're thinking so small ! What happened to your father was an accident ! And Robbie , he was just too dumb . I feel real bad about that . I wish I could take it all back , but it 's , it 's selfish to blame , Stud . I mean , Jerome . Good . Jerome . Just no more blame .|You be the first .
You be the first .|No more blame .
Or I 'll just sell you my half . How are you doing financially ?|And otherwise ? Emotionally ?
Probably getting old enough for a real drink .|No thanks .
N got cut Got cut ? Your ' little bird " got cut What pain ? Stop pretending Your Father here did it twice|I lost two of my teeth . Look Look
Is this your first time , babe ?|Oi ! I 'm talking to you .
Good day , Chris .|You know the drill , mate .
Just wait for now .|You should go close your eyes . That 's a long trip to the hospital ? How is Momma ? It 's sweet of you to go visit her so much lately . I 'd like to see her too . We could even move her back in , right ? We 'd have the money to build her brace wires here now , no ?
Date of birth ?|Are you on any medication ? No .
But it reaches a point where this demand to be understood becomes childish . I 'm exaggerating but , reading it , you start wishing for something more normal .|Don 't you ?
Yes , I do .|The point is whether you want to submit it like this whether your heart 's still in it , or if the subject is finished for you .
I do want people to understand what I write . First of all , you want people to understand you .|The subject is just a means to an end .
Thanks , Vera .|It 's Miss Bennett .
It 's Miss Bennett .|Hi .
Hi .|Okay . This front door gets locked every night , but feel free to move around the unit .
Go now , my son , on your journey .|Go .
You always ask me about Sophie . It 's getting on my nerves .|Have you been away ?
Put his butt on the chuck wagon and send his ass to the dogs .|MAN : In his butt .
With the other women ? They 're not locked in their cells ?|Yeah , that 's right . That 's the panic button . If there 's any trouble , you press it . Now this is the lounge kitchen . There is a kettle . Coffee , tea . The sugar is rationed , but feel free to , you know , watch some TV and make yourself a cuppa in your free time . That 's your cell . The count is in half an hour , then lunch . Work will be allocated to you on Monday .
Miss Bennett ? Can I please get a uniform ?|You can keep your own clothes while you 're on remand . I 'd prefer a uniform .
She 's the most wonderful thing I have in the world .|Of course , that 's only important to me , but to me , it 's very important . And that 's why I 'm saying it .
Of course , that 's only important to me , but to me , it 's very important . And that 's why I 'm saying it .|Nothing in my life is more important than this child .
Nothing in my life is more important than this child .|It will always be like that .
That 's the only guy that stands between Sho and total supremacy .|Well , well , well . If it ain 't the serious ... and saucy Leroy Green .
That 's brutal .|I 'm Franky .
Now she goes to the cinema with Josef , and I sometimes go alone .|I put my jacket on the seat next to mine , as I used to do when I was waiting for her to come back with the peanuts .
Are you okay ?|Can I go in my room now ?
Oh , you know the panic button by the front door ? Yeah .|Don 't ever press it .
Yeah .|Yeah .
I don 't know . I guess so .|What about you ? Are you okay ? They did not harm me .
That 's okay . I can get them .|It seems that everything is safe now . Yeah .
She 's married and has a child and doesn 't want to get divorced .|Why did he tell you ?
Eat it while it 's hot .|Hey .
Two of us can play that game .|Hey , Rock ! Come here .
Hey , Rock ! Come here .|Got a little job for you .
What are you thinking ?|Why did you have an abortion ?
No . But I do that too , and only when the cigarettes are gone then the trip is finally over .|It 's already over for me .
Nice . Yes . I 'm sure I 'll go there again . Just not right away .|Any news ?
She 's in the slot right now , but she 'll be back .|I just want to phone my daughter .
Yeah , that 's right , fool .|Kiss them .
Somehow , the whole time I was there , I was always a bit excited and also a bit bored . Kind of waiting for something to happen .|Maybe I should have stayed longer ...
Rome is beautiful .|And much warmer .
You stupid fucking bitch . Sit the fuck down .|In 20 minutes , I 'm going to be leaving and we 're gonna try that again . This time , you 're not gonna fuck it up . Right ?
So I 'm gonna ask you one more time .|Are you gonna put my video on your show or aren 't you ? I 'm gonna tell you one more time . The answer is no .
Good .|Any trouble from Franky ?
Who the hell is this guy ? Get in there ! Break his face , will you ?|What are you guys waiting for ? Get going ! Are you on vacation ? Move it ! Get in there !
You know , the women do find these strips searches get easier .|Hair .
Okay . Mouth .|Wider .
ANGIE : Oh , honey !|LEROY : Come , you will be safe now .
Has Liz mentioned our programs to you ?|You should talk to her about it . Some women find it helps to pass the time .
Good day . Do you want to open your mouth up for me , please ?|Open and stretch it wide .
Good . Ugh !|Fucking pick it up .
We agreed : one application per day .|APPLICATION DEAR SIR OR MADAME , IN RESPONSE TO YOUR ADVERT ...
You want to pass it over ?|Stand up for us , Bea .
Armin ! Yes ?|Mom asked if you want to go for a walk .
Shut up , bitch !|That 's not even mine ! I don 't own that !
Yeah . Can I have some bloody privacy ?|Mary , do you want to call for the cleaner ?
RICHIE : Coward .|Coward .
There 's nothing in your file that indicates you 're a user .|So we 're assuming you 're trafficking for Franky Doyle .
Chinese GoJu is my secret ! May God help me if I ever have to use my art ! Love is our law ! Truth is our worship ! Form is our manifestation ! Conscience is our guide !|Peace is my shelter .
Peace is my shelter .|Peace is my shelter .
A pony .|There 's a mailbox ! Ah , good .
Have to use ...|LAURA : Hello ?
How about it ?|How about what ?
That 's better .|Not so fast !
Not so fast !|The old man can 't keep up , huh ?
The old man can 't keep up , huh ?|Perhaps .
Have you tried sleeping on this ?|You want a ciggie ?
They 'll keep grilling you . But that 's nothing to what the women will do to you if you talk .|The Governor said that I 'd be safe , I 'd be in protection . If they want to get to someone , they do it , even if it 's just in here .
Oh . Oh , I don 't want you to kill anybody .|Are you out of your mind ? ! Nobody does what he did to me and lives ! Nobody !
You know what I 've been thinking , Eddie ? I think that maybe you 're trying to use me to get what you want .|I mean , just like you tried to use Rock , heh . Yeah , you were gonna make him this big heavyweight champion . Sure . Sure , until he lost a fight . All this glamour and stardom ... it 's all for you , isn 't it , Eddie ?
Take a seat . So , how did you go last night ?|Jog your memory ?
Now , if you 're unhappy with all of this , why don 't you just walk out ?|Go have a nice , normal , boring life .
You 're nothing but a misguided , midget asshole ... with dreams of ruling the world !|Yeah , also from Kew Gardens .
Maybe I 'd have said ; " My grandpa was a Nazi " .|And was your grandpa a Nazi ? Yes , but that 's not the point . This isn 't working .
And was your grandpa a Nazi ? Yes , but that 's not the point . This isn 't working .|Mr. Steeb , what color is your shirt ? Don 't look !
You 're a soft target .|But if you tell me who you 're trafficking for , you won 't see that compound again . I 'll put you in your own cell , under protection for the rest of your stay here .
Nice to be back in your own cell , Jacs ?|Jackie !
A mission ? You see ... I am in search of the final level where the spirit takes over ... from the mind and guides the body without thought . Okay . Listen , you stay right here , okay ? Don 't move . I 'll be back in five minutes . Don 't disappear , okay ? I 'll be right back . LEROY : A great fighter , for instance ... might get just his hands to fill with such power ... that they would get the glow , which could be deadly in evil hands . Yet , if these hands belonged to a master ... Like Bruce Lee . Yes , exactly ! Someone who has reached the final level ... and could make his whole body glow ... the beauty he would be able to create would be without bounds .|Imagine the wonder someone like this can bring to the world .
Imagine the wonder someone like this can bring to the world .|That 's a beautiful dream , Leroy . Now , I know you 're gonna love what I 've got to show you at the studio .
That 's a beautiful dream , Leroy . Now , I know you 're gonna love what I 've got to show you at the studio .|What 's wrong ?
You must be Smith .|Yeah . I 'm Jackie Holt . You can call me Jacs .
Calling Leroy .|I am sorry , but it 's just ...
I am sorry , but it 's just ...|What ? Tell me . Come on .
I heard you caused some trouble for the screws .|Good on you , love .
It is something I thought you can help me with ... Him with .|Okay , I 'll try . Tell me about it . What is it ?
Moves .|Moves ?
Come on , now you .|Come on ! It 's really fun .
Oh ! No !|Let me go !
You had to go too far , huh ?|It was just a bit of fun . Fun ? Very funny . Crashing a wheelchair ! Very funny . I didn 't mean it . Be happy you 're not handicapped . I am . But you didn 't think of Richard , did you ?
Hey , my man . What it look like ? No .  Hey , my man , what it look like ?| Hey , my man , what it look like ?
HU YI : You the same fool that came dressed as a coolie ? No , no , no . We all just look alike . My man . Brother .|Yo , bro !
It was just a bit of fun . Fun ? Very funny . Crashing a wheelchair ! Very funny . I didn 't mean it . Be happy you 're not handicapped . I am . But you didn 't think of Richard , did you ?|You 'll take him a present tomorrow , understand ?
 Mr. Leroy ?| Are you in here ?
Too full .|Oi ! Get here .
I 'm not a dog , Harry .|I wanted coffee .
They don 't need anyone . " Dad called them ! " You should hear yourself . As if it didn 't matter !|It 's about your life , man .
Just wait here .|Where is the master ? !
Mug 's dirty .|Well , go on , move your arse .
Did you tell Mom and Dad yet ? No , but I 'm sure you 're going to tell them now . Bullshit .|Hey ... I have something to tell you ...
Harry !|Uh ! Uh . Oh ...
Christiane is pregnant .|Yeah ?
I beg your pardon ?|I 'm not doing it .
I 'm not allowed to eat it .|Oh .
You 're not going all alone , are you ? Are you ?|All right , then . Then I 'm going with you . If you go , I go ! Okay .
Open it .|Now ?
Conduct endangering life .|Grievous bodily harm .
But I want to watch .|What do you mean ?
Way to go , Goliath !|Go for it , boys ! Give him a lick !
Mum !|Bea ?
Come on ! Will you make it interesting ?|Good ! That 's one for you !
Are you all right , love ?|Are you ?
That 's sweet .|Let me see .
Thanks .|Armin ?
Armin ?|Yeah .
It 's all right , love . Eh ?|It 's all right .
It 's all right .|It 's on . Come on . Oi .
Got you now , you little punk .|You 'll never use that again !
It 's on . All right ?|That 's pretty serious charges . Who was it ?
I didn 't do anything .|My husband , he tried to kill himself .
How often did he lay into you ?|He didn 't lay a hand on me .
I said , who 's the master ? !|I can 't hear you . Who is the master ? !
Okay then ... we 'll leave it at that . So , we 're ready then .|Bye , Mr. Tschenko .
No , knock first . Do it again .|Come in , please !
I applaud you , Leroy . That 's a great finish . Not the ending I had in mind , but it 's a great finish . You see , a .45 will put an end to all this kung fu crap .|All it takes is one little bullet . So take your final bows , scum sucker .
It 's not in there , honey .|Kaiya ? Kaiya ?
Kaiya ? Kaiya ?|Kaiya ? Kaiya ?
Girls like you come in with your swagger and your youth . But , underneath , you 're just a scared little girl .|Once I 've stripped you of your tits , I 'll show you the real Franky Doyle .
Kaiya !|Get the fuck off her !
Meg ?|Meg ?
Many farmers have quit along the way .|FRUITS OF FAITH
Meg ?|Someone call an ambulance !
Akinori !|How could you ?
Um ... What was the last country you visited ?|Tenerife . When was that ?
Tenerife . When was that ?|In ' 99 .
Mum ?|Yeah , it 's me .
Wentworth 's new governor , Erica Davidson .|Well !
You 're setting a high benchmark for the rest of the competition .|Francesca ...
Fine . But now for something else .|How do you view yourself ?
What would you say is your biggest weakness ?|How do you mean ?
A farmer 's son only needs to learn farming .|Akinori will never listen . Since you have so much free time , go catch the rats in the orchard .
How do you mean ?|I have to ask you that . These are standard questions , you understand ?
Hey , Francesca , keep up this dumb act and we will make some beautiful television .|Hey , Mikey ...
Hey , Mikey ...|Psycho bitch !
Don 't give up . If you fail this time , just learn from the experience . Each failure will bring you closer to the answer .|Mom ...
It 's really interesting .|You see ...
What 's your opinion of me ?|I think about you when I jerk off .
Calls for a celebration . I need the bathroom , say , for the next five minutes , the steam press is all yours . Special treat . Thanks , but I 've never used one before . Now 's your chance . No , it 's okay , seriously .|Bea , I decide where everyone 's stationed .
Bea , I decide where everyone 's stationed .|If someone else has an opinion , the whole system falls apart . We don 't want that , do we ?
Ah , Kleine from the interview . Kleine from the interview , yes . I mean , Mr. Kleine .|How 's it going ? Well , I see you 're on a roll !
Systems are important here . They keep everyone in line .|Now , come on , have a go . It 's an honor . You 'll be able to tell Debbie all about it .
Just lay out the sheet , smooth it out , and ...|Waiting .
Waiting .|Listen , I don 't mean to upset anything .
Woof !|God ! Is it always up to me to lighten things up in here ?
He was assigned to the cost control team ... to carry out the hated role of cutting expenses , but ... This is a waste . Here , here and here ! We 're wasting resources !|It was the perfect job for him .
Can you undo this ?|So , let 's start on the Knadels .
So , let 's start on the Knadels .|Dumplings . Yes , Knadels .
Franky , the Governor wants to see you . Booms , don 't let the colors bleed .|Miss Miles .
No , that 's too small . Sorry . Much too small !|Now take the lid off .
There 's that smile .|So ... The subject of your father has always been off limits , which I respect , but you have received another letter from Alan Doyle .
Oops .|Next .
Would you like to look at the letter first ?|No .
Lid off !|Yeah .
Hey !|Stop it now ! Go away !
Blue .|What are your hobbies ?
I know my strengths , Francesca .|Aren 't they failing by now ? The last time I wielded something in my hands , I was very happy with the results .
Aren 't they failing by now ? The last time I wielded something in my hands , I was very happy with the results .|But , if you need some competition ... Girls .
Do you remember the story our ethics teacher told us ?|Apples are hard to cultivate so most farmers in Japan gave up but the farmers in Aomori Prefecture never gave up .
Apples are hard to cultivate so most farmers in Japan gave up but the farmers in Aomori Prefecture never gave up .|Day after day , they worked hard , with this mountain watching over them .
But , if you need some competition ... Girls .|What 's going on ?
What 's happening here ? When I 'm with you ... I feel restless somehow .|But I can 't take apart my heart to figure out the reason so ... maybe we can figure out the answer together .
That 's funny .|Do you play any sports ?
There 's always going to be tension .|So how do we resolve it so it doesn 't happen again ?
Say , you 're Armin , aren 't you ? Yep , that 's right .|So what are you doing ?
Well , there 's three ways it can end . Someone gets released , backs down or ends up dead .|Woo ! Go , Franky !
Hey , heads up !|You all right ?
You all right ?|You might want to work on your reflexes , Miss Davidson .
Always lighting the way for all of us .|I am ?
You might want to work on your reflexes , Miss Davidson .|It comes in handy when you 're the Governor .
As the third son , you don 't have to go . Pity , I wanted to do it .|They rejected me . Why ? I 'm mental .
They rejected me . Why ? I 'm mental .|Hello . Your results please .
It comes in handy when you 're the Governor .|Ooh ...
Ooh ...|Ew , bloody hell , Ronnie ! No one 's going to pay to see your gash here .
This is Armin . Katja .|Hey .
Yes , Dad .|" Maybe that was the first candle service in a Japanese wedding , " he still recalls with a laugh .
Officer ! I need an officer !|Officer ! Fletch ! What 's happening ? She 's trying to kill herself . You need to open the door .
You can 't kill yourself with a cheese roll , Toni .|Get it out .
Ugh !|She tried to choke herself .
No , there has to be a better way to manage this .|Yeah , there probably is , but , you know , we 'd need more officers to cover it . You take someone off one area , you 've got to cover that . You 're looking at extra shifts . Well , they 're not the ones choking on bread rolls . They 're just gonna have to put up with the extra duties .
Mieko , what 's wrong ? What 's the matter ? Mieko !|It happens every time . Don 't worry .
It happens every time . Don 't worry .|Every time ?
What would you do ?|I wouldn 't push the officers so hard just yet . Settle in first , don 't give them a reason to give you grief .
Coffee ? Or Champagne ? Champagne ! Can you bring some Champagne ? It 's in the fridge . I 'm so sorry about the flowers . It 's not a problem . Where is Armin ? On the way .|How 's business ? We have problems with the heating ... Armin ! Martin , can you make me a tea ? But herbal tea , no caffeine .
That 's the reality we face .|I 'm sure you 're aware of that .
 We 're gathered here today ... for the first meeting of the Youth Association for Reassessing Pesticide Use . Cheers !|Wait , wait , wait ... Shouldn 't we add " Tsugaru " to the name ?
Even if we don 't do it for Akinori , we should do it for Mieko . How 'd you snag a fine woman like Mieko , anyway ?|This group of young volunteers founded the association ... spent countless hours studying how to reduce pesticide usage and even tried to use compost to grow apples .
Ah , interesting . It 's about ' earning money ' . So money is the symptom , not the reason . Are you two done ? You know what I mean ? No .|Has he figured it out ... our academic ?
Show of hands so I can make sure the bar 's stocked .|About what I expected .
Headache ? It doesn 't give you a headache .|I have to read you something , here .
I have to read you something , here .|" False Confessor " Have you read this ? " False Confessor : A parasite living in our midst . " But what I actually wanted to read is this .
All right . Okay , then , um ...|I guess we 're done .
Well , I 'm not afraid . If you think how many car crashes ... Maybe 5 people die at once in car crashes , not 6000 ! But if you add them up , it 's at least ... You can 't compare ... Excuse me , but you can 't argue that statistically . Hello ?|Hey , they added here , " The only attraction ... of the place is the good traffic links . " They 've not seen Tschenko 's garden !
Organic farming ?|You 're not the only one . Others suffer the ill effects of pesticides too .
Ah , they 're here .|Here they are ! I 've got them already . Those are Dad 's .
No powdery mildew , no apple scab ...|I might be onto something big .
Alan Doyle approached me yesterday . He had photos , a copy of your birth certificate , so it 's not a reporter or a fan . It is your father .|Of course , I told him there 's nothing I can do . If you don 't want contact with him , it 's up to you .
Sorry , I 'm late ...|Welcome .
Of all farmed crops , organic apple cultivation ... was said to be " the work of God " .|That 's because ... Apples are the product of selective breeding over thousands of years .
They 're susceptible to disease and vulnerable to insects .|It 's the forbidden fruit .
At times , there are people who make themselves immortal not in history but in the hearts of people .|There was one such man . His name was ... Dayavan .
Stop .|Why are you hitting him ? Sir , this boy is the son of the murderer who is absconding . He knows his father 's whereabouts but he refuses to disclose it . Aren 't you ashamed of beating such a small kid ?
It 's the same for apples .|If I can figure out how to protect the leaves ... Look , you 're not a school kid any more . You 've got a wife and a daughter .
Oh man , this stings !|It turns out that wasabi works , but only on certain insects .
Yes , I understand a bit of your mother tongue . What 's your name ?|So your name is Shakti .
The police killed his father in a false encounter . And he killed the policeman in retaliation .|Even his food has been snatched away by ruffians .
Eat whatever there is . Won 't you offer me something to eat ?|As it is , you always feel free . Give him some foodstuff .
Any questions ?|Yes .
Yes .|What is it , Kimura ?
If your work leads to some good for the people around you I don 't consider such an activity as undesirable .|Do you understand ?
Okay , if everybody else could leave now ? Thank you .|Thank you . Okay . No , no . Not you .
Your brother is very poor .|The Almighty will give you lot of wealth .
The Almighty will give you lot of wealth .|I know , he 'll give me .
I know , he 'll give me .|The Almighty pays heed to your prayers .
The Almighty pays heed to your prayers .|One day , I will give you not 5 rupees , but 50.000 .
Thank you . Okay . No , no . Not you .|The dog has detected an illegal substance . We 're gonna have to do a strip search if you want to continue your visit . What ? We have to do a strip search . Do we have your consent ?
I saw you wouldn 't take no for an answer .|Umm ... what is that ? I 've been meaning to ask . You wouldn 't understand . Dad .
He has been sent his weekly bribe .|What brings him here now ? He must have come looking for Tara . The swine been eyeing her ... for quite some time now . Come and buy my cheap stuff .
Thanks for seeing me .|Why have they got us in here ? Why can 't we ...
Be out there and talk like normal people ? 'Cause they think I might kill you . You 're not a killer .|The only reason I 'm here , is so I can look you in the eye and tell you to stay the fuck away from me .
That 's not gonna happen .|Did you read my letters ?
How many times have I told you to come to me in the nights ?|Don 't you know that I can take you away forcibly , if I so desire ?
I 'll pluck off your tongue .|I 'll have your business terminated .
I 'm not going to come here and try and justify it . Oh . Well , as long as you feel better .|We good now ? She 's just a child , she 's ... She 's 16 . They 've got no right to lay a hand on her . She consented to a strip search after the dogs detected an illegal substance .
" I 'll give you my entire fortune if I can return home alive "|" so please give me food . " People were saying that as they starved to death .
Crush down each of them .|You bastard . You swine .
Speak out clearly . Don 't speak within .|Don 't speak all to yourself , you dog .
Swine . Get up .|Now you will speak out , instead of speaking within .
You can 't tell her .|We 'll have to inform the guardian .
Mr Jackson , please ...|Her father , he doesn 't know that she 's here . Please ...
When I saw you on that TV show , you were so angry .|I knew that was because of me .
You never mentioned your mum in the interviews .|You didn 't go there , but I knew .
I can almost see it .|Okay , here I go .
He has been battered so severely , yet his haughtiness is intact .|Even after so much of thrashing , you refuse to mend your ways .
Was that when she was drunk or when she was off her face ?|I don 't know . I couldn 't handle it .
We have to start from scratch . Back to square one .|For now , kill as many bugs as we can !
They have injured you so badly .|Allah is watching every thing .
Ouch ... Our sincerest apologies .|Please ... accept this as compensation .
It 's a bad habit of Akinori 's .|Whether it 's modifying a motorbike or wiring an amp ... the harder it is , the more he obsesses . But growing apples isn 't a game . It 's our livelihood . Please accept our apologies .
He 'll find the answer in the end .|That 's how he 's always been .
Sister .|Shakti is losing blood .
Shakti is losing blood .|Blood .
He got into organic farming for me .|I can 't accept this .
I don 't even recognize you , and that 's what pisses me off the most .|You don 't look like him . You don 't sound like him . If my dad walked in here , this glass wouldn 't have stopped me .
But he didn 't walk in . He sent you .|Some prick who wants to talk about feelings and issues and bullshit !
I 'm not bothered .|Getting bashed up improves the built .
So sorry .|That 's not farming . It 's just mucking around .
I didn 't know if I could bring anything or ... Oh , yeah , yeah , you can . They just have to process it and we get it later .|Do you want anything ?
I 've got everything I need .|Um , so , how 's everything at home ?
Each apple was carefully bagged .|And the trees were carefully washed .
You swine .|His henchmen demanded 2000 rupees , and you gave it to them .
They tried quicklime , Japanese andromeda , sulfur , soapy water ... they tried everything under the sun .|They did all that ... to no avail .
The old man used his men as a front to demand more .|I 'll teach him a lesson he 'll always remember .
It , it was ... They made a mistake .|I 'm so sorry .
2000 itself is too less an amount for putting one 's life at risk .|No . The value of one 's word is much more than what life is worth .
'Farewell , dear Rabaul' 'until I come again|'For now this goodbye ... ' 'brings tears to my eyes
Stupidity is contagious ... oven snuffer .|An " oven snuffer " refers to a bum who doesn 't work and can no longer afford food to cook in the oven .
An " oven snuffer " refers to a bum who doesn 't work and can no longer afford food to cook in the oven .|Eventually the villagers stopped talking to us .
Now , I need you to tell me who supplied you the drugs .|Look , Toni , if you don 't give me a name , I can 't get you out of here .
It 'll finally work this year .|Sure it will .
No .|You know , falsely accusing a member of staff is a very serious matter .
I just dreamt I was in hell .|But this reality is far worse than hell .
If you leave , the madam will send in another man .|Who knows what kind of man he might be ?
I gave you that eraser !|Why ? Why would you cut it up ?
How 'd you go ? Your emergency . Yeah , sorted . Thanks .|You seem to be settling in all right , making friends . Okay , I 've got to go .
You seem to be settling in all right , making friends . Okay , I 've got to go .|23 Cromwell Avenue .
Take it .|You swine .
What , you running the joint now , are you , Jacqueline ?|Hold that thought , Francesca . You checked the roster , Sue ? No . I just follow Franky .
You 're fucking twisted , Jacqueline ! Now , Francesca , I do run this prison , and nobody , especially you , challenges me and gets away with it .|All right , Bea .
Welcome . Please feel free to browse .|Do you want a mask ?
Now I 'll ask them in my own style .|Tell me . Who killed the inspector ?
I 'll take one .|I don 't want it .
I don 't want it .|What 's wrong ? Put it on .
Tell me . Who killed the inspector ?|Tell me . Why don 't you tell me ? I don 't know .
All right , Bea .|Do the honors .
Don 't make me repeat myself . I hate repeating myself .|If you 'd minded your own business , Bea wouldn 't have to do this .
Can we try and sort this out ? It 's just a freakin misunderstanding , isn 't it , Franky ? Best just sit this one out , Liz .|Do it .
You scared her . Scared her ?|Smile a little . This is a festival .
What good is smiling ?|What ?
He has been killed by him , who was robbed of his daily bread . He has been killed by him , who was made homeless by him . He has been killed by her , who was raped by him . We all have killed him , sir . Arrest us all . Hang us all till death .|You people think that by shouting , you can conceal the truth .
Come on , Franky . You have to let me help you .|I want my dad .
Borrow money ?|Have you no shame ?
Let 's go .|No , sir . You need not pay .
I want my dad .|I didn 't think you were gonna do it , Bea .
I know ! I know , but ...|Mom , are you there ? Mom ?
Greetings . my father is dead .|Don 't say as such , dear .
Don 't say as such , dear .|He has lost his mental balance right from childhood .
I didn 't think you were gonna do it , Bea .|There you are .
We need to know when to give up .|It 's my fault for not teaching you that .
It 's my fault for not teaching you that .|That 's why I 'd follow you to hell or anywhere else . But ... you can 't drag Mieko and the children down with you .
I know what a child feels like when he loses his father in his childhood .|This child should not experience that kind of pain .
I 'll repay my debts .|Please listen to what I say . Please accept it .
I 'm so glad you asked them to call me .|You 've got to get through this , Franky , and to hold on .
You 've got to get through this , Franky , and to hold on .|I 'll help you .
The documents are valid . You take rent from us . Yet you sold it to him . Without bothering about us ? And how could you buy it ?|Keep your mouth shut .
Franky , when you 're ready , I 'll be here for you .|You 're my kid .
Get lost , damn it !|Give it back !
Hey . You 're destroying the chandelier .|You 'd better summon the police .
All my belongings have been thrown away . I 'm ruined . I 'm finished .|Please forgive me . I was mistaken . Till now , we have only thrown away your belongings . Now I 'll personally throw you down . Please forgive me . I beg of you .
If you 're stupid enough to keep them in your life , then that 's your problem .|You cross me again and you 're dead .
I 've destroyed the documents . Please forgive me now .|All glories to Dayavan .
Have you cleared your exams ?|Won 't you tell me ?
However ...|Hey , what are you doing ?
No . That 's not the case .|When I saw you the other day , I felt for the first time that there is a man who treats women with respect .
Got to know the slot real well .|The thing I 'm most proud about is the peer worker program . I remember when I first came here , there was nothing like it .
And the women really listen to me .|After six years , things have changed . And I finally have a family .
Hey , your complexion looks good today .|Is the vinegar working ?
Let me get hold of you once , and I 'll bash you ..|Why don 't you take some refreshments ?
I 've changed .|So , I want everyone to be clear about how things will run today .
They smuggle every item you can think of . Police from around the world are baffled about their modus operandi . I know about it . Mr. Choksi and three others are members of a group of four .|And all four of them are masters of the game .
Liz has organized the women . The women have been instructed about what they can speak about .|You 're putting a lot of trust in Liz . Well , like the women , Liz is aware of how important today is to everyone .
He is the kingpin of Mahim and Dharavi . And this gentleman ... I know about him . I know about everybody . Greetings .|I know that he is the kingpin of Kalbadevi , Byculla and Dongri .
I know that all you brothers control the harbour .|You 're the dock kings .
Anything you 'd like to add ?|So we 're all clear ? Thank you .
So we 're all clear ? Thank you .|Will ?
Tomorrow , let 's go to the festival together .|We should get divorced .
It 's impossible . It 's totally impossible .|It 's possible . It 's very much possible .
Er , is there anything new with the investigation ?|I haven 't heard anything .
What about the apples ?|Don 't you need the answer any more ?
We just have to give up .|You can 't do that ! Hinako ?
I 'll release your goods from the docks ...|Thereafter , the docks I 'll be under my ... domain , and not under Anna 's . For all times .
I 'll go !|Excuse me !
Yeah , I 've , um , been helping the Governor , we 've got this big event today . And , uh , she thinks I 've got a better chance of getting the women to open up and talk about themselves more than she does . Well , that 's something I can put in the report for your parole hearing .|Mrs. Jackson put in a request a couple of months ago and it 's been approved .
You have been engaged now .|Let me buy you jewellery and clothes for your marriage .
Let me buy you jewellery and clothes for your marriage .|Hamid Lala is on the line .
Whoo ! I love you .|Liz ?
Really ? Sorry .|Mom !
Mom !|Are you okay ? Mommy 's home .
Are you okay ? Mommy 's home .|How was it ?
Lie down flat , or else ...|Give us the locker keys .
Well , Mommy has to go back to the hospital soon . Boy , I 'm hungry though . Grandpa , feed us .|Thank you .
Thank you .|You know ...
You know ...|I can handle being poor but ... he said we should divorce .
Right . I thought we agreed you 'd stay away for a while . I know , it 's just too hard to talk on the phone . Yeah , but it 's just for a while , and just after everything that happened last time you were here ...|I just wanted to see you . What 's so wrong with that ?
He made a promise .|He promised to keep lighting the way .
He promised to keep lighting the way .|He promised ...
We 've solved your problem . We looted the bank completely .|Everything progressed smoothly , I suppose .
Everything progressed smoothly , I suppose .|Shakti 's sister was killed at our hands . Nothing otherwise .
Sorry . It 's great to see you .|Now , the last time you appeared before the board , they expressed some concern about how you would cope with life on the outside .
Now , the last time you appeared before the board , they expressed some concern about how you would cope with life on the outside .|With your drinking .
What bothers me more is what if he identified you . No . Shakti 'll always believe that his sister was accidentally killed in a dacoit attempt .|Whether your enemy is weak or powerful never underestimate him .
Whether your enemy is weak or powerful never underestimate him .|Before Shakti gets suspicious about us finish him off and his entire family .
Hey !|Weirdo !
" Organic Cultivation Diary " " Kimura Akinori "|" Mieko looks fit as a fiddle . "
I caught the bus .|Listen , I want you to be really careful . All right ? I don 't want you going out by yourself , especially at night . And if anyone comes up to you and you don 't know them , I want you to find somewhere safe .
" Mieko is free from all itchiness ! " " Mieko doesn 't feel nauseous any more ! "|" We did it , Mieko ! " " Mieko 's belly is getting bigger by the day . "
He says that if you are concerned about your children you had better admit this child for treatment . Concerned about my children ? Come here . Quick .|Take this child in for treatment .
A clear and obvious answer .|Why didn 't I think of this earlier ?
Surya sleeps just like you do .|And our daughter sleeps like you do .
Honey !|Mieko !
You love them so much .|If you can stay away from them , why can 't I ?
The trees in the mountains and forests have no need for pesticides .|Why ? Why didn 't you tell me ? ! Why couldn 't you have told me earlier ?
Bea , come and see me later .|Got a little job for you .
Got a little job for you .|So I 've got to go and see her . Do I have to go by myself ? Franky 's not gonna protect you , is she ? Well , can 't I get out of it ?
No . Please . I 'm innocent . Please forgive me .|You 're asking for something which you never cared to offer to others .
Darling . All my evenings are equally enjoyable .|You 've lived your life already .
Or you are .|Either way , one of you is .
I want to eat one with Grandpa , Dad , Mom , Saki and Natsuko .|Hinako ...
You 'll study in the residential school . Whenever there are holidays , I 'll come to meet you .|Tara aunty will stay with you henceforth .
This is my first child . I want you to name him .|Is it a son or a daughter ?
Is it a son or a daughter ?|Oh , it 's a son .
Name him Ganeshan .|Thank you , Dayavan .
Apple trees don 't live in isolation .|They thrive in surrounding nature .
What is this that you do ?|Don 't fool around .
What makes you think it was one of us ?|And how are the women doing after this morning ?
Go slow . Don 't drive too fast .|Seems like you 've grown old . You had better keep quiet .
And I 'm going to try my very best , okay ?|I promise that I 'm not going to drink anymore . And I 'm going to be the best mum that I can be .
I was thinking , um , Celeste , you know how your birthday 's coming up . Maybe I could help organize the party . I 'd love that , Liz .|I don 't think that 's a good idea .
It means not all insects are harmful . Right ?|Wait , Kimura .
What are you up to now ? Yes ? We 've put up with your shenanigans for years , but no more . With those overgrown weeds , your bugs will fly to our side . Clear it . Clear it right away .|See , look at those moths . Their larvae eat up our leaves .
Who 'll accept him ?|I know all the exercises that policemen perform .
You 're doing a great job .|See you inside .
Not so . The moths are flying from our orchard into his .|Our orchard isn 't the source of insects .
Send him to me daily .|If he keeps himself occupied you 'll not feel worried about him then .
Natsuko , put away your school bag when we eat .|Truly , the kindness of people knows no bounds .
Let him in .|Please come , Mr. Superintendent .
Please come , Mr. Superintendent .|My name is Raghavan .
Why , thank you , kind sir .|He went in for pneumonia but he also suffered dementia .
My name is Raghavan .|I know . I know you since 20 years .
I know . I know you since 20 years .|What brings you here ?
Go get Kimura .|Kimura ! Kimura !
Did you hear what happened in Visitors this morning ?|A little kid was used as a pack mule .
I 'm popular today .|I 'd like you to speak today at the Our Journey event .
What is it ?|Mieko .
Mieko .|What is it ?
You haven 't said the magic word .|I can always ask Jacs .
I thought you wanted it to be a success . That 's why I 'm asking you .|Please .
Please .|Well , that wasn 't so hard , was it ?
Had they not been ministers ' sons , I would have settled the score .|I complained about it to the Inspector General .
Hey ! Don 't you touch it .|Come on , Booms .
Mom . Dad . Brother .|Why are you ... ?
They 're beautiful .|The failures you went through make them more beautiful .
These are your flowers . You earned them .|Mom ...
And I am trying . If you really loved us , you wouldn 't drink .|You know I love you and the kids . First sign of stress , you reach for the bloody bottle .
For once in your life , don 't stuff up .|Yeah .
The child 's gonna be okay .|I 'd like you to get that information to the women as soon as possible .
I 'd like you to get that information to the women as soon as possible .|Obviously , Ronnie will be in protection for the rest of her sentence .
That 's an order .|Thank you .
I won 't do it again .|Uncle .
Delicious ! Delicious ! Delicious ! The best apples I 've ever had ! Yeah ? Really ?|You have to eat it , Dad .
Vera , can I speak to you for a minute ?|I need you to run interference for me with the other officers .
I did tell you this would happen . Yeah , and I 'm asking you to bridge the gap , that 's all . But I don 't really feel comfortable ... I understand you don 't want to get offside with the others , particularly Fletch . I need you to put your personal feelings aside . But I ... I don 't have personal feelings for ...|I don 't have any personal feelings for any of the officers .
I don 't have any personal feelings for any of the officers .|I ...
It 's amazing . It 's delicious .|He died in his sleep .
He died in his sleep .|We 'll wash his body now .
Maybe you could take her out .|Can you at least send Boomer with her ? No . You 've got to learn what life 's like without me .
To whom ?|Like me , he too is a father to a daughter .
Come in .|Must be a few months now since you arrived . Eight weeks , three days . Still keeping track ? That 's good .
You promised somebody that you will bash up somebody to the extent that he would be bathed in blood ? His crime was as ghastly . It 's the job of the police to catch criminals . It 's the job of the court to punish criminals . Why don 't you let them take care of such things ? Why do you have to commit such sins ?|It 's not a sin , it 's a pious deed .
It 's easy to get complacent and let the days bleed into one .|Stop checking your reflection and that 's when you lose yourself and become one of the herd .
It 's justice .|You won 't understand . You 're educated , after all .
Honestly ...|Honestly , I wavered many times .
But you 're better than that , I can tell .|You 're like me .
I treasure every day with all my heart .|Say , Mieko ... Yes ? I realized something .
You 're really an idiot .|Were you trying to sound all profound ? No good ? ... Was that no good ?
And one mistake can finish you . You see , Bea , anger is a healthy emotion on the outside , but in here , unless you 've got the stomach to follow through , best to keep it to yourself .|Vinnie 's coming in tonight .
Mildew has made the entire village believe that dragons are too wild , that we all can 't live together in peace . He 's wrong , and I 'm going to prove it .|We 've been here for hours and we haven 't found anything ! We 've been here for ten minutes , and you 've done nothing but build ... that . That is Snotlout manor , and all I need now is a Queen .
Who misguided you ?|Didn 't you hit me because in your opinion it was a wrong act ? That I hit out at uncle .
Hmm , should I knock ? I mean , what 's the etiquette in these situations ?|I think that seems about right . Stoick ! Show your face !
Yah !  Yah !|Where 's Alvin ?
Tell those who killed your mother at the midnight hour ...|Tell them to discontinue killing my mothers and sisters ... I 'll discontinue too .
Hey , is the sword really necessary ? Odin 's ghost ! Is that a ... ? Night Fury . The unholy offspring of lightning and death itself .|Whoa ! Stop ! It will only make him angrier . Watch and learn . By all means , proceed .  I hope you 're not squeamish . You 're about to see a dragon eat a boy .
Tell all those rich people who set ablaze the hutments who burn the poor people alive who silence the law and the police with their wealth ...|Tell them to discontinue exploiting the poor ...
I 'll discontinue too .|What do you think ? That I derive pleasure by murder and violence ?
Have a bit of faith in yourself .|You 're doing a great job .
No .|Tell them to embark on the right path ...
You 're doing a great job .|Okay , hair .
An activity that helps people around you and provides for their daily bread ... Such an activity is not incorrect or undesirable .|Do you mean that it 's not incorrect to murder people for your daily bread ? Try and understand what I want to tell you .
And I may not be able to prove what you 've done , but I will never forget it .|It 's funny how an attack by your greatest enemy can change things overnight . I set out to prove that our dragons would never hurt us . What they proved is that they will always protect us .
Arms .|The smell of him .
That 's her final resting place .|She started smiling after hearing my answer .
She started smiling after hearing my answer .|She came close to me and said " Hari , always remember this . "
Is he good looking this boyfriend of yours ? Or did you have to settle ? Feet .|You should make more of an effort . You could be quite attractive .
Get dressed .|You haven 't got anything in black , have you ?
Vasudha left you 21 years ago ... .. and you 're still mourning her leaving .|You don 't understand that you didn 't see her . It 's just your imagination .
Vinnie loves me in black .|And then there 's Miss Davidson .
You should be knowing Doraswamy .|Yes . I know him well enough .
Has something happened ?|Actually , Avni and I had gone to Singapore for my company 's work .
3 days ..|Uncle , that 's ...
How you can prevent him , is your outlook .|It 's okay .
It helped that she was hot .|Oh . When you 're locked up in here , it 's pretty easy to feel forgotten .
It was red , wasn 't it ?|Your mother 's ashes won 't be immersed in Ganga .
But she changed that with her programs and her encouragement .|She 's given me a hunger , a desire , to be a better person .
She 's given me a hunger , a desire , to be a better person .|And thanks to Miss Davidson , I will be .
A white car has made a getaway from the sessions court . The two passengers in the car 've committed a murder and escaped .|I 'd told you earlier that we don 't know each other . Yet you climbed into my car . Now the police is on my trail .
I should 've just ...|He 's disappeared with mom 's urn and he 's left that .
What 's the matter ? You haven 't saluted me today ?|What 's the matter ? Why don 't you speak ?
Mr. Choksi , Mr. Hamid Lala and Mr. Koli are here . At this hour ? Why didn 't you inform me earlier ?|Greetings . When did you all come ?
Outside , my life was a mess and I hurt a lot of people .|But now I 'm clean and I 'm learning new things .
He 's right .|Remember that life and death is in the hands of God .
Remember that life and death is in the hands of God .|I don 't understand . Is any of our men in trouble ?
I don 't understand . Is any of our men in trouble ?|Have courage .
Has anything happened to Surya ?|Has anything happened to Surya ?
Good morning , Mr. Ruparel .|What are these flowers called ?
Has anything happened to Surya ?|Where 's Surya ?
Arum lily . Arum lily !|Which means simplicity , innocence true love .
Don 't you touch me . I hate you and your world .|I 'm leaving . I 'm leaving you forever .
There was a time when I used to bash a lot of people 'cause people make me mad sometimes .|There was one time when I was very angry and I knocked a few heads together .
And , most of the time , it works .|It stops me from going bunta . "
I get this picture in my head of puppies jumping around in jelly and they 're all mushy and cute and sticky . " And it stops me from going off . "|I haven 't been in the slot now for six months .
I 'll go wherever I can .|Don 't try and stop me . Don 't try to search for me .
Vasudha . Keep up the good work . Thank you , Mr. Ruparel . Good day .|Vasudha ?
Vasudha ?|Yes . Is there anything you don 't like about your job ?
These flowers are so delicate .|Even before they Can blossom completely ...
No . Don 't search for her .|She 's my daughter .
They are plucked from their branches|They 've to pay a price for our happiness ... our sorrows our love our achievements by getting plucked .
Liz , you have no chance of making parole now .|Anything to say ? I 'm ...
They say that the new AOP is very strict .|A new AOP ?
He 's either in one city or the other . One city ... or another . I hope he hasn 't got something going on the outside .|Trilok , next time stay within your limits while cracking a joke . Sorry .
Listen ... Listen .|Fire alarm ! Get going ! Everyone get out ! Fire alarm ! Come on ! Come on ! Hurry up ! Quick !
I know very well all the illegal activities carried out by Dayavan under the guise of social work . Watch your tongue , sir .|All of you tell me that Shankar has been handcuffed and arrested ?
All of you tell me that Shankar has been handcuffed and arrested ?|What were you all doing then ? Watching it happening ?
Aarav !|This is the core team . Good afternoon sir . And that is head of security . Sir , Trilok Sandhu . Vasudha , this is Apoorva . My childhood friend and business manager .
You 're very brave , indeed .|Look at me .
Where is it ? Where is his house ?|Why don 't you speak up ?
Thank you very much Mr. Ruparel . It 's a great offer , really !|It 's not easy to refuse all that money .
You 've done something with your hair .|Looks good .
Do you need anything ? Don 't fucking flaunt her in public . You know what that does to me in here ?|Show me some respect . I think I 've earned it .
Good day .|She should 've taken my offer .
Even at this age , he knows so much about computers .|At this rate he 'll soon be India 's Bill Gates .
You dropped something in her hand .|I found this . I was going to give it to you before in the office .
See this .|The fruits of my ceaseless efforts for 2 years .
The fruits of my ceaseless efforts for 2 years .|The arrest warrant of Dayavan under the National Security Act .
Tell me where Dayavan is . Where 've you hidden him ?|Tell me where Dayavan is . Where is he ?
But this ...|It 's nothing .
I lie ... that his father 's out of the country for work .|That 's the truth behind this letter .
That 's the truth behind this letter .|You can punish me any way you want .
You can punish me any way you want .|Punishment doesn 't scare me anymore .
So you haven 't managed to arrest Shakti Dayavan yet ? I 've been trying my best . But what can I do ? The public is supporting him wholeheartedly . People are not willing to disclose his hideout despite beatings .|People are willing to sacrifice their lives for him .
Who can it be ? Do you know that Shakti Dayavan has two children ?|Both are dead . Perhaps , in some accident .
Both are dead . Perhaps , in some accident .|Only his son had died in the accident . Not his daughter .
The women , they ...|One of them , they did it .
Give me another Scotch , please . And you don 't need another Scotch .|Fuck off .
I had enough . Why ? Fuck off .|Fuck .
There goes the pigeon .|Father .
Now this case will become a political issue . My bosses will want me to arrest you .|But I won 't do this .
I 'm Shakti speaking .|What 's the matter ? I hope your health is fine .
I 've got to know who did that to Meg .|You can 't do this by yourself . You need to get some help . Give me another Scotch , please .
Connect me to the Commissioner .|He 's not at home , father .
Morning .|I hope that dream was about me .
I 'll be performing religious rites of your mother .|Ask him to come there and arrest me .
What about the Our Journey event ? The incident with the prisoner . The little girl who OD 'd in the visitors ' center .|Any truth to the rumors the department 's losing faith in you ? The promises you made on prison reform , you haven 't delivered on them . I 'm sorry , don 't you have anything better to do than to stand around here and look for someone to harass ?
Do you realise what 'll happen if you 're arrested ?|Yes . I know . No . I won 't be able to tell him . You had better tell him .
Perhaps we struck a nerve .|Just stay calm . They want you to bite back , it gives them a story . Well , they have a story , thanks to Liz .
Even after they 're dead men still control a woman 's body .|Do yourself a favor .
What did he want to know ?|The places where the police 'll be searching for him tomorrow ?
Don 't let the fire die before you 're dead .|You 're young , beautiful .
You 're young , beautiful .|Go ... marry someone else .
And throw your nuptial necklace in some dustbin .|Take that leash off .
It was tight , wasn 't it ?|Everyone enjoyed your speech .
I need your testimony in this regard .|You need not fear . You 'll remain unharmed .
I don 't have the courage to take this off .|We are bound by our traditions .
Please be seated .|I 've come to seek your help .
Take him far away from here .|I want to live for him , mother .
I 've come to seek your help .|You 're a senior officer .
You 're a senior officer .|You imprisoned me .
I used to be scared about getting up in front of people . I know . And now we need more women like you .|Women who want to better themselves .
I want to hear that question .|I had changed my mind .
I had changed my mind .|Thought I would take up the job at your hotel in Dubai . But , since you 've bought this hotel also and your reputation means everything to you it won 't be right for me to even stay here .
So ... So I 'd just be doing it for a little while till Liz got it back ? No , if all goes well , this would be a permanent thing until your release .|I can 't .
I can 't .|I 'd be stabbing Liz in the back .
But I 'm sorry , there 's gonna be a new peer worker whether it 's you or not .|Hey !
Ooh !|Hey , hey , hey ! Get out of it !
Aarav , we 'll get stuck in traffic .|Apoorva , when I reach Dubai I want to see a beautiful bouquet made by her in my room .
What 's wrong with you ?|She reminds me of someone close to me .
You go ahead . You 're not alone . I 'm on your side . All the people are on your side . All the people 's good wishes are with you . Go ahead . You 'll be safe .|You 've always done good to others . You go ahead . You 'll be unharmed .
Because I didn 't have the money to pay the bills .|Your father didn 't give me a penny .
Argh .|So the , uh , the department think you have real potential and want to help you make the most of it .
Nevertheless , you also keep out of any mischief .|Keep in mind that ...
The power doesn 't arise solely from those figures but it depends on your own mind . You belong to the Air element , son of the Wind God .|Even when you 're destined to die , he will save you . This yantra is the ultimate . It will be on you for the rest of your life .
Yeah , you can .|Medical 's running a bit behind today .
Hey !|You look like you 've been caught with your pants down .
You look like you 've been caught with your pants down .|What have you done ? I just saw Mr. Jackson without his top on .
We know what gets you off .|A girl 's got to have her secrets , mate .
Can you tell me what 's missing ?|There are no dried leaves here .
Okay , fine , happy to stay out of it .|Coming out tonight ?
I mean , her demands are ridiculous . Well , what did she ask for ? Early release ? Special favors ? What ? Look , she 's playing games , Derek . I mean ... We give her this sort of power , God knows what she 'll ask for next .|You do whatever you have to to keep her in line .
You answered my question so easily .|You surpassed my experts .
Yeah . Yeah .|Franky , you 're needed in Education . Ooh , hot stuff .
No matter how many times I thank you for that , it won 't be enough .|This is dim in comparison to the light you 've brought to my life .
This is dim in comparison to the light you 've brought to my life .|You changed my life .
When Mr. Stephan appeals the court ... will he have a chance to win the case ? Mr. Stephan and his accomplices have committed serious crimes . I think this case is now over . But we will continue our investigations . The court verdict is just a good beginning . Do you think of anybody else involving in this case ?|Excuse me . Let us through .
You 're supposed to be my friend , Liz .|Ah , Miss Davidson .
He can make it every time . It 's getting fun ! Of course . He is the great warrior of Rama . Oh Hanuman , I see . His power is supreme when he 's gone wild . You cannot attack when he falls . Fast as wind . Hard to catch . His dead spot is a place without wind . He 's a son of Wind God . Afraid of the leeside . Particularly in the water . Whenever he is at high place ...|Otherwise , you may barely defeat him .
To master the Muay Thai , your body is the most important .|All main parts must be fast and strong .
Vasudha . can I click a picture of you ?|Just one snap .
Smile .|Come on , everyone back to work .
It 's a big decision .|Why did you choose law ?
Did you not understand the question ? Oh , my God , you sound like a lawyer . What about law ?|I 've missed this .
I 've missed this .|Attention , compound , attention , compound . Count will commence in 10 minutes .
Yeah . Ok . Thanks . Bye .|It 's all messed up . Follow my instructions . Look at this ...
It 's Yod .|Look guys ! Yod is here !
Look guys ! Yod is here !|Arng ... Keep it . All right . On your head .
You know , I can understand the fresher girls stepping out of line , not knowing how things work , but someone who 's been around as long as you and I have , you disappoint me , Liz .|You don 't have the privileges of a peer worker anymore .
Aarav , let 's get to the point .|Fine , let 's get to the point . I don 't know how you will do it .
You don 't have the privileges of a peer worker anymore .|No fence to sit on . You want to make sure you come down on the right side .
We need more time . No , I don 't expect you to make your decision today but you have to keep in mind the closing dates for applications . So you don 't have much time .|I mean , is there anything here that even interests you ?
Thank you .|Next time you go in town , could you buy me a big teddy bear ? Yes , sweetie . I 'd like to go over there . Can you help me out ? All right .
I 've seen many ... fishs that try to swim against the current ... eventually they would end up on a dining table .|I gotta catch the bastard Mark to be the witness . It 's not up to you now .
I gotta catch the bastard Mark to be the witness . It 's not up to you now .|Son of a bitch ... Stephan !
We 're here to talk about your future career . Well , how can you help me choose a career if you don 't get me ?|I had sex with guys for ages 'cause I thought that was what I had to do .
Aarav , we can 't miss this flight . You know the European Division is waiting in London . Come on , let 's go . Aarav , hurry up . Let 's go .|We 're not going to London .
Then I fucked a woman .|I 'd been getting it wrong for years .
If we 're not going to London , where are we going ?|You asked me what my heart wanted .
You enjoyed that .|What ?
Okay . Now , I 'm going to spin this bottle again round and round ...|It 's spinning ... it 's spinning ! And stop !
It 's spinning ... it 's spinning ! And stop !|Our next singer for the evening is ...
Faster .|Come . Come . Come .
It 's pointless to run from the truth .|What truth ?
No , I wasn 't .|It did nothing for me .
It did nothing for me .|Hello .
Master ... listen to yourself . He 's mute . Only a nutcase 'd quarrel with him . Arng ... Sit down . Give him a plate .|All right ! Dig in .
Hello .|Hello !
I wanna give them something to talk about .|Just wait !
Damian . Bring it down for me . How did you bring it up there , shithead ?|Muay Thai is a revered martial art . Before you begin , you must remember our teachers . As a means to show your gratitude .
Everything is ready , sir .|Let 's go , Yod .
I realized that pain reduces when you give happiness ...|Sorrows reduce when you give joy .
It 's sex , Mark , it 's supposed to be dirty sometimes . It doesn 't have to be so ...|So what , Erica ? Nice ! It doesn 't have to be so nice all the time !
Yeah , but you 've always said no .|What , you don 't want to marry me now ?
Vasudha , it 's your love that made my heart see the light beyond my darkness .|Thank you .
I owe you .|And thanks to this place .
Liz ?|Liz ?
You 've never told me about your life .|Prison
She just passed out .|Move , move away from her .
How could he simply be disappeared ? Breaking out of jail is not easily done , isn 't it ? I think an insider pulled a jailbreak for him .|Many more people will get killed , I guess .
Move , move away from her .|Liz ?
Nine points ! The dealer wins again . Deal it . Deal it . Anton , stay focus .|All right . Give them the cards . Give them the cards .
Hey , how come you didn 't tell us ?|Yeah , does Liz know ? Look , it only just happened . I wanted to say something but then Liz collapsed .
What would you like to drink ?|Whatever .
You 'd look after Liz .|Yeah , she needs it .
For cheering you up .|Black jack ! I beat you all ! You bastard Anton . You cheat ! Knock him .
I 'm so sick of them ! What the hell is going on ? Those gringos are such troublemakers .|Hey , stop it . What 's wrong with you ? You know I raised you since a baby . Your mother was a whore ! That Anton is cheating and trying to kill me . Why don 't you go kill him ? I 'm gonna send you back to China , Chink !
Don 't you afraid ? They 're fighting over there . Why don 't you give my another drink ?|I like you . We both fond of the violence .
I was just asking .|Selfish !
I can 't feel anything .|Go away .
Toh 's stooge dares come to see me here , huh ?|Excellent !
I 'll take you back to your home .|But first I want to take you somewhere , Vasudha .
Excellent !|It won 't waste my time hunting you down . Young man 's skin is fresh . I really want it .
Now , you don 't do another fucking thing without my say so .|You keep your mouth shut .
Leave us alone , girls . Come on .|Stephan ... you 're looking for me , aren 't you ? And here I come . I 'm here to get your beloved object sacrifice to the spirit of my beloved son .
But she doesn 't trust me .|You can call this a plea , if you want .
But no one talks about Radha .|Whereas she 's the one revered along with Krishna , in every home .
Luckily he didn 't know that having the master 's flesh is gonna make him unbeatable . You craps never be his contenders . Keep that in your boneheads ... Whoever eats his master 's flesh , he 'll be a conqueror . Like me ! All of the powers I have is derived from my master 's flesh .|I 'm your master !
Whose van is it ?|Look ! Foreigners ! The tour group is here .
They want to put out a press release .|Is now a good time ?
Hello , sir . Who you are looking for ? Where is Yod ? Oh he is not here now .|I want my stuff back .
Arng . Wake up ! We are in trouble now .|No !
Yeah .|Do you reckon I 'm a nice person , Bea ? Yeah , of course I do . Why ?
What is going on ?|Stop .
Everything all right ?|Yeah , just watching some telly .
I 'm not coming .|Bye .
I told you . Stop . Whan ... get them out of here .|Stop it !
Stop it !|Stop it ! Why do you destroy our sacred things ?
Stop it ! Why do you destroy our sacred things ?|Those are foreteachers we believe in .
Well , they all trusted Liz .|And the peer worker 's meant to look out for the women , isn 't she ? Well , she 's meant to .
Hurry up ! Run ! Come on ! Get out of here !|Get out of here ! Don 't hurt them .
Get out of here ! Don 't hurt them .|They are just kids .
I never thought you 'd say something like that , Liz .|Neither did I.
Run away !|Why are you hurting me ?
I 've called my lawyer over for something important . For what ?|This .
Everybody ... stay away !|You leave me no other choice .
Yeah , it 's gonna take her a while . No . I did say some pretty shocking things . I heard .|You said some pretty rude things to me , too . Oh , mate , I am so sorry if I embarrassed you with all that masturbation stuff .
You dipshit ! I 'm not ready yet ... why did you punch me ?|I 'm gonna kick your ass .
You said some pretty rude things to me , too . Oh , mate , I am so sorry if I embarrassed you with all that masturbation stuff .|Sorry . You know , um ...
Sex was the last thing I felt like . Hmm . Fair enough .|Made him pretty angry .
I 'm not dead ! I 'm not dead !|It 's me . Hari !
It 's me . Hari !|Don 't ...
That 's enough ! Why do you have to hurt him ?|Stop it !
Stop it !|Miss Whan . Don 't just stand there . Go help them . is that good ? Come here .
Nothing .|Thanks .
Yod .|Thank you , bro .
Baby , I 've been trying to call you all day .|When have I ever mistreated you , Erica ?
Thinking of the virtues of the Buddha and your life will be in serenity .|Take those kids back home .
Changing hands ?|Ouch ! Why are you stroking so harsh ?
Yes . Now , if you don 't want that , then I think maybe you 're with the wrong guy .|No , I 'm not .
We 'll start a new life ...|What 's wrong with you ? What ... ?
If you are not happy with that , then you need to tell me and walk away .|No , that 's not what I ...
Who is he ?|Who 's calling you ? Who is he , Vasudha ?
I love you .|I want to be your wife .
I can tell that all of your bones are broken . It 's been a long time since I cured somebody .|Every magic herbs I have , I 've given to you .
He wants to marry me .|Aren 't you ashamed ?
Aren 't you ashamed ?|Your father taught values all his life .
How could those values give birth to such a woman ?|I want to strangle you .
I want to strangle you .|Kill Saanj and myself too .
Kill Saanj and myself too .|If you feel nothing for me , what will I live for ?
If you feel nothing for me , what will I live for ?|It 's all ... all over !
Yod !|Yod !
Whoa ! That looked ouchie . Ya think ? Good morning , it 's a brand new Monday the 12th .|Let 's get DODGIN ' !
Which memories , Hari ?|The time when you forcefully tattooed your name on my arm .
We 'd been married for just a year , when you disappeared .|Can you imagine the loneliness that I felt in the last five years ?
Ha ! Check this pic I was just texted . Losers ! That 's us . Huh ? Not cool !|I think I can taste my underwear . Cheer up , bro ! Now that we know what we 're up against , we can totally prep !
For Saanj 's sake .|His future is at stake .
What ? It 's my new thing . I CAN 'T TAKE IT ANYMORE ! This glitch has got to end ! And go back to getting beaned every morning in gym class ? Forget it ! A new bully a day is kind of fun . Oh yeah , fun . The way getting mauled by a bear is fun . Exactly ! I wonder who today 's bully will be .|Behold puny subhumans ! I , Cosmic Overlord Jesse shall scatter your molecules across the four corners of the ZETA QUADRANT !
But it 's that rich boss of yours that you 're thinking about .|You 're restless to see him .
I knew you 'd come around . Ugh , fine . But we can 't just walk out the door without getting busted . We 'll need some sort of ... Distraction loophole in 3 ... 2 ... 1 !|Mommy ! Who 's going to sign up for badminton tryouts ? Anyone ? No one ? Really ? All righty , let me get outta your hair .
I love him .|A lot ...
You haven 't seen the news .|Aarav ... here .
Oh , God .   " Children 's photographer . Can you make children smile ? Will train right person . " So they seized your car ? The police are auctioning it off because it was used to commit a felony . But it 's not the car , Reyes . It 's Wendell .|We 've known each other since we were kids , and he doesn 't even ... He doesn 't even say he loves me . And I tell him , " Wendell , I love you . " And he says , " Doreen , I think about you all the time . " I know it , Doreen , but ... But he does . And he always says you 're the reason he works so hard . I 've given him a lot of chances . And he 's deserved them all . I just always wanted to be with him .
Thanks for stopping by .|Leon ! You 're out .
He hasn 't done anything .|The police took him away .
I had a dream last night , Leon .|Me and Doreen had a child . Walked into our room late at night and climbed up in bed beside us .
Aarav , save him .|Aarav , save him . He hasn 't done anything .
He 's been framed . He didn 't commit the crimes you 're accusing him of .|So let 's get to the point .
Fly , Theo ! Fly !|Well , that burns .
Damn it , Neil . Think .|Sports commentator :  Diaz delivers a fast ball . That one catches the outside corner . That 'll even up the count ... Man :  " Earl Graham Walsh was called home by the Lord on Tuesday the 14th . "  " Called home by the Lord , " Skip . Well , if the Lord our Jesus Christ himself called looking for me , do me a favour . Tell him you haven 't seen me . Under any circumstances , I 'm not here . Roger .
 Forgive me .|The chances of any two prints being alike are 1 in 64 billion .
I tried talking to your husband . I also told him the consequences of this statement . But he said ... he 's doing it for your happiness . So that he can stay away and you can be happy with Mr. Ruparel .|I see ... so that 's the case .
I see ... so that 's the case .|I thought I was a lowly man . I was using her husband for my own benefit .
Have a nice night . Wendell : Whatever .|Grady , get back to work .
Listen ... take my advice . That obsession of love in your eyes has ruined many kings and emperors .|So don 't ruin yourself for these stupid emotions . Well ... I 'll forget everything you said .
No ? You offer no explanation as how it is that part of your anatomy ails you so , allow me , therefore .|A man shot you in it .
Your preparations are made , are they , for Bournemouth ?|Well , they 're not my preparations , but , yes , they are made . And you would have me invalided away from here before your journey south ?
Aarav , come .|Vasudha , let 's go .
Wow . You look great . Healthy as a horse . I mean , a little horse . A Shetland pony .|How are you ? I 'm good , Wendell . How are you ?
But I got through it . And I got through it alone . And it ended it for me . I need you to accept that and move on , Wendell . Will you do that for me ? I 'm not going to tell you that I 'm going to forget about you , Doreen . 'Cause I 'm not . Ever .|But I 'll stop coming around .
You believe I will ever forget ?|This was your chair , that was your brandy , and we drank , in the hope that those remains , the hard edges of those images , stamped into our minds , that they ... they might somehow be dulled .
Neil :  Well , we 're shutting it down here at Shady Grove for the night . Great job , everyone , today . The yard looks terrific . The new paint on the upstairs awning , wonderful .|It was a great day . I 'm proud of each and every one of you for staying alive . I guess that 's about it . This is Neil King , your head nurse , signing off .
So you think this guy Wendell Baker 's going to be a problem ? Are you kidding me ? The guy 's too dumb . Uh , " thank you very much for this job . This , it 's my first job in the hotel business . "|What was that at the wake ? " I recently lost someone . They didn 't pass away , they just passed me by . " " Passed me by . "
And I 'm just watching everything like a coward .|With a hope that everything will be fine .
Oh , and I 'll tell you this about Baker . He 's the perfect guy to frame . Like I said earlier , if the heat comes down , we frame Baker so fast it makes his head spin . That 's harsh . Neil : Hey . Don 't go getting soft on me .|You 're the only person I trust on this . And you 're my best friend .
But there is another circle I now see coiled about me .|Another snake sent to swallow its tail .
I have loved you a lot and I can 't do this .|To build a heaven for myself ... I can 't push you in this hell
And yeah , so I 'll pick that ... You know , I 'll have ... Have it for you in the morning , sir . Excuse me .|Skip ? How are your spirits ? I 'm fine . You sound a little down . Maybe you want to talk to me . Is it Lynn ? Goddamn it .
This hotel now belongs to you .|I apologize for my indecent behavior .
 Came over with the cattle , Mr. Best .|Not on the passenger line , Mr. Ackerman ? Passengers get watched . Livestock does not .
Not on the passenger line , Mr. Ackerman ? Passengers get watched . Livestock does not .|And I 'm grateful to you , sir , what you have uncovered .
Help me ?|Why ?
I understand . I 'm missing my girlfriend . Doreen .|Is she alive ? Yeah . She is . Do you love her ? Yeah . Yeah , I do . Does she know it ?
Is she alive ? Yeah . She is . Do you love her ? Yeah . Yeah , I do . Does she know it ?|I sure hope so , Mr. Summers . That 's a no .
Got a light ?|Will you guys help me with something tomorrow ? Will you help us get laid ?
He shunned all her efforts .|I spoke to Hari after Vasudha left .
I do not feed you information for gratis . You were to provide in kind .|Think I 'd carry it out to dinner with a man I 've never met , do you ?
Think I 'd carry it out to dinner with a man I 've never met , do you ?|That evidence will be hid for a while yet .
Here , hold this . Be right there .|Wendell : Mr. Summers , what 's going on ? We 're coming !
She 's mine . I will get hanged for her .|And I know her well . Seeing my condition , she will never go back to that man .
Those soldiers ' tunics are red , if you have my meaning .|And their deaths relate to all you would now elaborate upon .
I control her strings . And I will control her all my life . Never let her go . centuries of values are imbibed in Vasudha . She won 't live in peace . She will live in guilt that she betrayed me for the rest of her life .|She will pay for her lust with her husband 's blood . I will never let those two be together .
Hello , Mr. Nasher . Talk to anyone interesting ?|A young woman from Iceland said her country 's very beautiful .
That woman suffered for five years and now she 'll live on a false belief , that her husband sacrificed himself for her .|You can help her if you want , by proving Hari innocent .
A young woman from Iceland said her country 's very beautiful .|She said it 's Greenland that 's cold and icy .
Until we next meet , however , you heed some advice ...|This dance you join , it is a deadly one , so , you go now to your place of work , you take what you need , and you do not return . You do not take a step without that . You do so in caution . Fear is your friend , Mr. Best .
Yet here 's a thing ... for reasons no doctor has yet to clarify , when I disembark here , my bile rises with heartburn , Mr. Ackerman .|We should tell you something .
This country 's laws don 't work in those jungles , Aarav .|That place is rigged with explosives . That entire place is goddamn filled with land mines , Aarav .
Drake : Jackson ?|Jackson !
I always loved to fly .|You know , I don 't know you too well , Mr. Nasher , but I think you might enjoy getting out of Shady Grove and seeing the world a little bit . I seen it .
You know , I don 't know you too well , Mr. Nasher , but I think you might enjoy getting out of Shady Grove and seeing the world a little bit . I seen it .|What about family ? I raised myself . So did I. I mean , with help from Reyes and a girl named Doreen .
Continue your work , Captain . Mr. Grace , get yourself to the Royal Exchange , the Reuter office within . Every piece of reportage our Mr. Ackerman 's produced within two years , say .|Let us find what preoccupations have brought him to East London for so short a stay . Inspector Drake , it is an old habit , but let us go call on Mr. Best once more .
Ransacked , abandoned .|What of Best ?
What of Best ?|Do we imagine they found what they hunted for ?
And now you want to walk through fire for the sake of your love . Why , Aarav ? Why ?|It took me a lifetime to understand that we can only love someone , when we stop loving ourselves .
I just want to give now .|So don 't fight with me please .
So don 't fight with me please .|And make arrangements for my journey .
The likelihood of this child being conceived even within my imagination was so slender that ... well , one 's fate must be embraced .|Emilia , for as long as it is possible , for as long as it requires me to , find a story for the world .
I do not wait my turn . Not ever . And most certainly not here .|Caitlin , darlin ' .
My friend .|Wendell :  We were going to miss Mr. Nasher , but we didn 't have time to dwell on it . Messieurs Fullbright and Summers had devised a plan to take down Neil King .
Good news , McTeague . Baker , where you at ? The old gas station out on Ranch Road 12 . Stay put . Neil : Well , all I can say , Baker , is I 'm glad you found these guys 'cause I know I get down on you two , but ... You 're old , but you got a lot of wisdom and I learn a lot from ya , even though you do got sawdust in your balls .|Well , I found these two wandering around out in the middle of nowhere . I don 't even know where Mr. Nasher is . Mr. Summers here , he says he 's looking for some land that he 's been thinking about selling . I ... I 'm just glad I found them , Neil . Oh , I feel funny .
Everyone , please .|What are you doing ?
Where is it you take me , Theodore ? Do you not think I have matters to attend ?|We go somewhere a lesson my girls practically been learned .
We go somewhere a lesson my girls practically been learned .|" And what lesson is that , Theodore ? "
You okay , Wendell ? I 've got to make one last try for Doreen .|We 're coming with you .
This is what will happen here .|Your workers are sent home , and this flattened land is repossessed for an altogether grander scheme .
There 's a voice in my heart which says that even the entire universe cannot separate us .|We 're meant to be together .
We can try it again , Wendell . No , Mr. Summers . I said what I was feeling and she listened to me . She really did . I 'm lucky that I ever even met Doreen ... Much less that she once loved me too . I 'll never get over her , but I 'll never regret it .|The crazy thing is , is we 're the victims . These two sick old men , they stole our car , exposed themselves to those poor girls . Pissed on us . That 's why we had to take our clothes off . Back to the car .
The crazy thing is , is we 're the victims . These two sick old men , they stole our car , exposed themselves to those poor girls . Pissed on us . That 's why we had to take our clothes off . Back to the car .|Wendell :  Sometimes things don 't work out perfectly , they just workout .
Where are the men ?|They 're sent home , Jane .
Forgive me , madam .|We have not met .
Man : Nasher 's real name was William Harris Rayburn . Among other things , he 's an international financier , a shipping magnate , a casino owner and a producer of motion pictures . He made the bulk of his fortune in 1948 with the discovery of what was called the Black Ocean . In actuality , it was an enormous basin of crude oil spreading from West Texas to Southeastern New Mexico . All right . Mr. Rayburn ... Nasher to you ... For lack of a better term , dropped out of conventional society in 1967 . I met him one time . The day he hired me . From 1967 on he lived anonymously in hotels , communicating only by handwritten memos .|He made a request that you take over the management of his line of luxury hotels , the flagship hotel being the Lake Travis Villa and Spa .
Sir .|Pleasure , Miss Cobden .
And why are they sent home ?|Will you say ?
You ?|Where 's Vasudha ?
Gone .|She left .
Hmm ... interesting ! I think I 'll take a look !|Uhhh , but ... How do I get inside ? Aha !
Saanj .|This is your father .
This Ackerman , he 's freelance it would seem .|As all men of a free and noble heart should be , Constable . Gazettes , chronicles , heralds , and sentinels . Many periodicals , and but one theme ... the corruption of the powerful governments and corporations . And one man , one business , the seeming focus of his most recent articles ... a man named Swift , a shipping concern named Swiftline .
What did I do ?|Switch off the rockets !
Stop this charade . That 's enough .|Remember this ? Or did you forget it like your past ? Remember ?
Remember this ? Or did you forget it like your past ? Remember ?|Yes ...
By the power of Grayskull !|I HAVE THE POWER !
Ackerman , Theodore Swift , everything you have ... now . Or the next man you see will be Reid .|Indeed , Captain ? What , you will take me to him and listen as I draw a direct line between the slaughter of the 55 and your wife ? Else why did you save me from those men of H Division ?
Your point 's made . But I mean to know .|Those are British soldiers .
Those are British soldiers .|The Royal Niger Company , I believe .
With rituals and traditions ? Values ?|Or with the charade of your fake sacrifice ?
Oh , no !|You know what ? These claws need a manicure .
These offered as a taste . A promise of what was to come .|We had corresponded for some weeks , he and I. He had looked but failed to find how Swift was relocating his fortune . And so you showed him and demanded your quid pro quo in return . We agreed Swift must be here in London . Mr. Ackerman travelled to join us , bringing , he assured me , the discovered proof of just what purpose that man , his shipping line , and his newly relocated fortune were now set .
And how will you forget this ? You can hide it under your sleeve , but how will you forget it ?|How ? This body is mine ! This breath is mine ! You 're mine for generations to come . You think you can change that after sleeping with someone else ? You 're my Vasudha . You 're my Vasudha !
A force belt , huh ?|Uh , oh ! There are too many of these things !
I can 't understand how the ship just took off by itself .|Maybe this Finder beam can locate it ?
He 's a good fella .|One hour .
Do you not see it , sir ?|See her ... the good Lady Hart .
Somebody 's in trouble ! I 'd better take a look !|Miguel !
Miguel !|Oh my gosh ! They 'll be buried by an avalanche ! Which spell can I use ?
Make haste !|Cellar to attic . Cash and bearer bonds . Pull the place apart . Well , now . Mr. Drake .
Maybe that 's why he came into my life .|All of us enter each other 's lives for a reason .
Please , work !|What 's happening to us ?
Hey ! Put us down !|No , no ! Don 't say that !
He will fall . Help him .  Water ... bring it .|Madam , there are those who would have me drag you to my cells by your ankles , and yet it seems that I am in your debt once more .
Heather !|... which proved the blood type was " B " positive .
A what ? A christmas tree . Until we got lost .|Ah , there , there . You 're not really lost . You found me , didn 't you ?
You know a man , name of Ackerman ? Ralph Ackerman ? Newspaperman out of New York City . Of course .|The man makes eternal cause of blackening my name .
Where ?|Near the launch pad !
Some of these footprints were made with boots . Whoa , that 's brilliant ! That 's right . Lots of 'em were . They were all made by Denton Outdoorsman , standard issue ... of the Utah Highway Patrol .|Thanks for letting me come along , Dad . Eh , you found the link . You 're the one that started all this . You deserve to come along .
I don 't know if you should come in here , Jess . You might find it pretty upsetting . Dad , I 've read the file . I 've seen the photos . I can handle it .|Oh , yeah ? You can ? Yeah .
Oh , yeah ? You can ? Yeah .|Okay .
But it 's also a time when everybody thinks about peace and good will toward men .|That 's what the Angel said ! Angel ? Now I 'm really getting confused ! No , it 's not confusing ! Not at all !
I think you men might be done here , now .|Don 't you ?
Let 's tell him about Santa Claus !|I 'll tell him !
Let 's go , go , go ! Come on ! I 'm with ya ! I 'm right behind ya ! Come on , move it , move it !|Get the nets . Here . Take her . What 's going down in there ? What 's going down ?
Well , just be sure that nothing happens to you ! You 're my favorite sister !|For the honor of Grayskull !
On Christmas Eve , Santa hitches up his reindeer and flies all over the world bringing presents to boys and girls !|Presents ! I think I like this Santa ! Can I meet him ?
Fifteen , crimes committed ... within 300 miles of Salt Lake City .|Turn down the radio !
How much has he told you , Caitlin ?|Has he told you just what business it is that he establishes for himself here ?  Nothing that man can do would surprise me . Then why do you allow him to kick back here ?
How did you do that ? Dewey decimal numbers . He put the book back out of order . Flatbush Avenue Public Library . Wow .|The prints match .
It is weird stuff .|Oh . Jesus .
Oh , yeah . Look at this .|Do you think it 's meaningful ? Yeah . The killer relates to it . It 's meaningful .
Watch it , Swifty !|Monstroids , leave her . We must go to Monstroid Center and prepare to battle .
It was a choice .|A decision .
A decision .|As with all in this life , a right turn , a left turn .
But they don 't kill them .|They need them for the final battle , whenever that is .
All we have to do is hold hands and move over there .|Where is he ?
There he is !|No , there they are .
No , there they are .|Orko !
If you wish to smoke , please go to a designated smoking area .|The Utah Clean Air Act prohibits smoking in the terminals .
Please punch in access code now . J ...|Aw , fuck !
All right . Hook him up , Barnes .|Please punch in access code now .
Immediately !|So , that 's the story . And here we are !
That would be fine . But what about Santa ? Will he be able to find us ?|Of course , Elisha . Now , don 't worry .
Where is he ? Gone . He would not be stopped . Gone ? Gone where ? He spoke only of going to print .|That clown is going the right way towards getting himself dead . Then perhaps he would be considerate enough to show you that road also .
I gave you my name . But not your story .|I didn 't have you pegged as judgemental , Hermione . I am not .
What I wouldn 't give to be so little now .|That is , if I 'm not still that little girl .
But his troubles are not yours .|Are they not ? Drake : Mr. Reid ... he ... he cannot continue as he is . He cannot police with the hurt he now carries . And so Abberline insists I now take his place . Take his place or copper no more .
Well , we shall be together , if I have you beside me , Rose , that chair ... it would hold no fears for me no more .|I should get back .
It was an afternoon like those at home often were . A quiet , balmy afternoon , although in the past few days , there had always been strangers coming and going , and speaking softly with Dad . Today the house was quiet again . And the sun was coming into the room through the balcony .|In the living room , my parents were listening to music .
And I was in mine , carefully taking apart a watch .|I was doing it very carefully , because the watch wasn 't mine and I was afraid they 'd see me and might punish me for it .
There they are ! Get the tractor beam ready !|It 's Hordak ! Run !
She and the captain ...|No longer , it seems . What 'd he do ?
Miss Susan , apparently .|Rose , will you tell me what Miss Morton said ?
Don 't you see ? They 're leaving now .|There , there ! Get him ! Grab him ! In the window ! On the side there ! He 'll get away ! Look at him ! In the window ! Point your guns at that red ! That one , that one , grab him ! I 'm glad , I 'm glad ... ! Stay there . Don 't move .
Oh , the Monstroids . We 'd better get out of here .|What 's going on ?
He 's not at home , is he ?|Why don 't you answer , darling ? He 's not there , is he ?
Why don 't you answer , darling ? He 's not there , is he ?|Then where is he , sweetie ?
Then where is he , sweetie ?|Come on , come on . Haven 't you ever gone with your mother to see him ?
Swift : Mr. Ackerman ... what did he give you ?|Oh , do you mean amorously , Mr. Swift , or by way of disease ?
Just wait ' til Horde Prime hears about this !|Place the creatures in prison ! When Horde Prime comes for them , we will deal with him . As you command , Number One !
I beat you , I beat you .|I don 't care .
This is a British gun , built for the conquest of all those who would stand in Britain 's way .|Well , I 'm buying them now . And selling them , too .
Enough questions . I 'm going to help Mom .|Gabriela , you can 't take anything with you .
Well , I 'm buying them now . And selling them , too .|To all those who would see such weaponry turned back on its creator , myself , my shipping lines , we shall prove an effective quartermaster .
For the little monkey ... for Andoni , for Maite , for Miren ...|And for the little chicken . All of you , all of you .
Well , who can tell ?|Perhaps I am vainglorious .
Gabriela , come on . We 'll be there soon . We 're on the other side .|Come on , come on .
Come on , come on .|No , Mom . We 're not there yet . I don 't see the heads .
Oh , wow ! Climb out , quickly ! My cousin 's waiting !|Who ? My cousin !
Which names would you have , sir ?|Why , all , Mr. Best .
Has anyone seen him dead ?|Yes , a comrade .
Boy ! He 's fast !|They don 't call him Zipper for nothing .
I shall tell you .|Only spare me .
And now I tried to remember how things had been before , before that war came , and I couldn 't do it .|I tried to remember the room I used to sleep in , my bed , my notebooks , my dolls ... but I couldn 't do that either .
Why is it you must forever seek to curse me ?|I found what you hide . I know you conspire against us . Oh , shit .
Drake : You come here ! Jackson : Wait , Drake , you don 't understand .|It 's Swift .
La balle .|Oh , the ball !
" It 's incredible how time passes . "|I 'd heard that phrase so many times , and now there it was , with me . I was the one repeating it .
Right !|The odds look a bit uneven .
Under what charge is this man arrested , Inspector Drake ?|Obstruction of justice . The case ? Attempted murder .
" Look , little girl . This is time . "|Time is ten fingers for counting .
C 'mon , Cutter ! We 'll send the Monstriods back to the junkyard !|Right where they belong ! Let 's get to work !
Horde Prime will reward me richly if I deliver those two Earth children .|What ? Ha ! Got you at last , you troublesome tots !
What ? Ha ! Got you at last , you troublesome tots !|Let them go !
 Jeez .|Jesus , Best .
When I get married , then , then , then . " Then " was receding into the past , " then " wasn 't becoming now . But what was " then " ? What was I looking to " then " for ? What did I have then that I need and don 't have now ?|When I 'm 8 years old again .
What will you do better when you 're 8 years old again ? Watch ... Watch everything closely to remember it all . Store it in a box and lock it . That 's how I 've woken up the past few nights , with something choking me . Something I had put off would rise up in me and choke me . Then I would curl up in bed and smile .|Next time ...
You know what this is , don 't you , Reid ? Yes . It is a Stanhope .|Magnifying device , very powerful .
Yes , next time ...|When I 'm 20 years old again , I 'll do it right .
By motive , but there 's nothing physical I can see .|Then we will require an informant , someone who might speak against him .
Well , we won 't be here !|Get moving , you two ! We have a long walk ahead of us !
Yes , Mother , please . I want to hear you say it .|I want you to say it to me , because if you don 't ...
You were little once .|Who will I be able to ask so many things ? Really , so many , many things .
Who will I be able to ask ? Who will be able to tell me ?|If anyone even could tell me .
If anyone even could tell me .|If anyone even could explain . I don 't remember anything . I don 't remember anything anymore .
It is not an abandoning .|It is only your sovereignty .
Mathilda : Good morning , Miss Susan .|Good morning , Mathilda .
Good morning , Mathilda .|I am astonished , madam , that you would come here now . Might we speak ?
Where there 'd once been a chest that she 'd hidden in as a child , there was now a shelf . The walls , however , were the same .|Why then was it so difficult for her to recognize them ?
As a child , she remembered that , using a rock , she 'd written in the window : " Mom and Dad " .|Maybe she 'd find it there now .
No !|Leave him !
Goodbye , Miss Susan .|Be , um ...
What am I doing here ?|What game were we playing ?
What game were we playing ?|" We were playing hide and seek , " she heard her sister tell her .
Oh , stop that ! You want me to hold him ?|No , no , no ... we 'll go faster if I carry him !
And why had she grown so much ?|Mom ...
Answer me !|Where are you all ?
A black heart ?|If only it were so simple .
You might hunt out villainy with ease , fill your cells , and allow the good people of this earth to walk forever unmolested .|There are times , however , when it is perhaps as simple as all that .
Don 't leave me here on the balcony !|Don 't leave me alone !
That 's right , Skeletor ! I figured you 'd show up here ! When you two are finished , we 'll take the children !|Now hand them over ! Horde Prime will know who 's Number One . They 're mine , Hordak !
I offer you one such .|You and your Mr. Capshaw set men to thieve from your father .
Help me .|Help me .
It was my husband taught me to shoot .|And I do not think him inaccurate in his teaching . Unless , of course , he thought that one day you might have cause to shoot at him .
Help me .|Why have I grown so much ?
That 's enough for me !|Here , catch , brother !
When did I grow so much ?|Help me !
Here , catch , brother !|Thanks , sis !
I take from a man ... my cruel father ... whose money is made on nothing more than the blood and toil of others , and then I am drowned in a tide of slaughter .|I think of nothing but the protection of my world from a man who ripped the sex and entrails from five young women , and in my fevered pursuit , my eye is turned , and my daughter ... lost , gone .
No !|Blast ! Blast ! Blast ! Blaaast !
Like an M M chocolate|Why do Africans wear no undies while eating ?
We are caught in the teeth of some grotesque .|Damned if we do and damned if we do not .
Skeletor ! Skeletor ! Thanks so much !|He saved us ! HE saved YOU ? !
He saved us ! HE saved YOU ? !|Yes ... I ... I guess I did ... I wish I knew why ? Oh ! Oh ! I don 't think I feel well .
I don 't know|A stick of chewing gum
Dirty , cheap , but with artistic achievement , it 's exciting What is it that is dry when put in ? But wet when taken out ? And keeping people awake too ?|I know , picking the nose
That 's right , Miguel . You 'll be home just in time to hang up your stocking .|Ready to go ? Wait !
Relay , go to Adora !|Will you make sure Relay gets back to the Manchines , Adora ? Of course , Elisha ! And , Merry Christmas !
Drink it Are you all right , Yun ? Don 't overstretch ! Drink Drink it then Come on ! Drink|Great , fantastic ! Let Lung drink it if you can 't go on Nonsense , Lung is our Captain It is an honor to drink for him Be prepared to lose the bet Right
Great , fantastic ! Let Lung drink it if you can 't go on Nonsense , Lung is our Captain It is an honor to drink for him Be prepared to lose the bet Right|Drink it quickly to earn their respect
Drink it quickly to earn their respect|Great !
But we did go to another planet , mom ! Honest ! And we met Orko and Santa Claus gave us these flying belts !|Now , now , now , Elisha ... I don 't know where you got those ... those things , whatever they are , but it is bedtime .
Already drunk ?|Your turn
You see , there is something I have had too many occasions to learn when a man such as yourself is concerned .|The law cannot constrain you .
So , that 's how Christmas first came to Eternia . Not everyone celebrates Christmas , but the spirit of the Christmas season is within us all . It 's a season of love , and joy , and caring . And presents !|Presents are nice , Orko , but Christmas means much more than that . I know , Adam ! Christmas is a time of peace , and caring , and happiness . That 's right , Orko ! And what would make you happiest this Christmas ? Presents !
What is this , Caitlin ?|We ... Inspector and I ... we wish to show you somewhere , a place that has come to mean much to us both .
Swift : What is this place , Caitlin ?|Susan : ' Tis the belly of Whitechapel .
I 'm going to stop .|It doesn 't bring in any money .
Kuei , your front light is still on Thank you|Get me a bottle of wine I 'll drink with him
Get me a bottle of wine I 'll drink with him|Emperor Hirohito will be buried this afternoon President Bush and representatives from 150 countries will attend
It doesn 't bring in any money .|And what do you want to do instead ?
Berlin is noisy , the air is polluted and the pavements are full of dog shit . That 's why you couldn 't stand it .|But now everything 's different .
This does not end this way ! Theodore Swift does not end this way . Then how , sir ? It is only the suicide chooses their conclusion . Caitlin !|Think of what you do !
But now no one comes .|And Max will move out soon . The house is gettin dreary . Mum , we 've only just arrived . Laura 's right .
And Max will move out soon . The house is gettin dreary . Mum , we 've only just arrived . Laura 's right .|You 'll scare our guests away .
It is your family you kill here .|No .
No .|'Tis my family I keep safe .
Bastard , staring at her all the time !|Don 't drink so much if you can 't hold it
Paul ?|There 's some coffee left , if you want . It 's still hot .
Swift : What make of woman are you ? ! I 'm your father , damn you !|I made you !
Lie down for a bit .|I 'll come at once .
For better or worse .|Right ?
Good philosophy I think of a song " Because of That " Lung , tonight 's your turn to take care of her Let 's go|Because of That
Do you need anything ?|My little Laura , how are you ?
An L. P gas tank on Tsing Yi Island|Police and Fire Services are helping evacuate people Three estates were affected Arta TV reporter Jenny Tung reporting
My little Laura , how are you ?|Fine .
Where 's Paul ? lndoors. I think he 's lying down .|Are you two happy ?
After pissing , I 'm a bit soberer|I want to go to piss too
Sometimes he reminds me of my husband .|A pity you never got to know him .
The proposals include extending legal aid to director posts from the 4th to the 5th grade She really has it|You won 't love because you don 't want to bejilted
You won 't love because you don 't want to bejilted|That 's like giving up eating because of constipation
Have you never thought about trying aging with someone else ? Of course I have . But it didn 't work out .|And why didn 't it work out ?
I don 't know .|Somehow I was never able to forget your grandfather .
No more constipation now , I can eat|Why do you like her ?
Terrible , isn 't it ? How old people always talk about the past .|But I don 't live in the past . I always have a lot to do .
Too bad you 're not interested in girls and don 't know about love|Driving a car is better than " driving " a girl ?
You 're still nervous around me . I shouldn 't be surprised . It 's not you .| Someone else ? No .
I dreamed she said to me once : Come on , Lung !|So I must try to get her attention
You have to take things easier .|I 've made an appointment for you at the doctor 's .
I 've made an appointment for you at the doctor 's .|He 's a good doctor , Mother .
I don 't care what anyone thinks .|I was almost killed today . Or have you forgotten ? I was in the car with you , sir . Then you should know what needs to be done . Yes , sir .
From what ?|You might give me a hand .
I said come here .| Come here or get out ! I call my men and the deal 's off .
You don 't like it .|I can change it .
I can change it .|No , I like it .
I didn 't want to hurt you unnecessarily .|How often have you been seeing each other ?
Come here Come on|Roll camera
Drop the weapon . Now ! Drop it !|You really think I 'm that stupid ? That I 'd come here alone ? Call your man . Do it !
Well , don 't move Let the police fix everytthing|We may call the police now
I don 't think so .|How did you meet ?
Say something to your partner . Meier , are you okay ? Satisfied ? Renee told me you were ready to take your organization to the next level . Apparently she was wrong . Not necessarily . I 'm willing to reconsider the situation . The only thing you should consider yourself is lucky ... that I still want this deal to happen . Otherwise , you 'd be dead . Try something like this again , we 're going to war , and that 's the last thing you want . Let me talk to my man . Fine .  Yes ? Bring him back here . Are you sure ? Yeah .| He wants to see you . Get up .
That Tomboy can 't control her feelings If I were she , I 'd run my head against the wall|Ti
What did you do , then ?|Talk to each other till sunrise ? Fucking romantic .
Talk to each other till sunrise ? Fucking romantic .|Stop , please . is he younger than me ?
Good grief , no .|If it reassures you .
If it reassures you .|It 's strange .
It 's strange .|That I didn 't notice anything .
I 've written a song for you|You 're a hero today , have a feast you may
Yes . It 's the first time that I bought a house , so I 'm moving . Wow , that must feel great . You 've earned quite a bit of money , haven 't you . In the past year , I have seen you in several commercials . The appearance fees were pretty minimal , so I didn 't earn much . President , you have a call .|Please wait a moment .
You have taste for talent Singing requires skills|Breathe from the abdomen and close , the anus , then sing ... With a smell of shit
He said it must be done by you , Hui Jin . He said that if it isn 't Hui Jin , the production won 't be possible . How can that be ? What kind of production would be impossible without me .|Thank you so much for agreeing to do this . The director asked me as a favor , so of course I have to do it . But why does it have to be me ? This is the program " Untold Stories of History . " A documentary program that rediscovers figures who were hidden in history . I have seen it a few times . But the name for the special this time is " Queen In Hyeon 's Man . " Queen In Hyeon 's Man ?
What do you think ?|I don 't know .
You 've hurt his pride None of your business That thug may come out to chop you|What happened ? None of your business
Gim Bung Do ?|This is my first time hearing this . It wasn 't in the script . Gim Bung Do ...
You 're back .|Hey , what was that earlier ? What is this documentary narration ? Did you meet the director ? I am looking at the notes now . Why did you agree ? It 's just wasting time .
Go away Out of the way Or I 'll get someone to arrest you Never mind Somebody 's coming to pick me up now Thank you , good night|Jenny , are you all right ?
Are you off your head ?|Yes , I 'm off my head .
At that time , the Second Minister of the Board of Personnel had a son , called Gim Bung Do . This man is Queen In Hyeon 's man . The rumor was that when Queen In Hyeon was deposed and living outside of the palace , she and this man were lovers . This rumor reached Suk Jong 's ears . Really ? It 's true . So , when Suk Jong brought Gim Bung Do in for interrogation , he died . But it was discovered that that wasn 't the truth . He was wronged . The conclusion was that he died an undeserved death because of baseless rumors . That was the end of the story in the Chronicles . I see . But this documentary is about what happened after that . It gets interesting from here onwards . It was clearly recorded in the Chronicles that this man had died . But now it has been discovered that there were records of him alive after that . Not long ago .|The descendants of Nam Gu Man , a prime minister at that time , revealed a memorandum last month that was written by the Minister .
Do you really think Berlin is the right place for you ?|Think it over calmly .
Police arrived yet ? Soon Where ? Lockhart Road Wait there , I 'll come right away|How 's it going ?
I don 't know if it 's such a good idea .|I don 't think you 'd feel right there .
Coming out|Get down
Did something happen ?|What is going on ? I saw a dead man . What ? Chase the man who ran away just now . Find out who he is . Yes .
Look here , do you realize that the person you just bumped into was the Prime Minister ?|His Excellency wants to see you . You have to come with us .
When I said he had to leave with us , he ran away without saying anything .|Only this was left in the room .
Why are you up so early ?|I 'm always awake around now .
Is there anything else ? There was a strange incident . A strange incident ? In Euiju , I happened to see a person who looked exactly like Administrator Gim . Not only did his appearance and figure look the same , his handwriting and writing style were also very similar . So much so that I had the illusion that the Administrator was still alive . I wanted to detain him in order to question him properly , but he disappeared . Did the Administrator look like he had been suffering ? What ? Your Majesty .|I owe Bung Do a debt . Your Majesty . Do Seung Ji has arrived . Let him in .
Get him !|Blood Over there is a shoe
Lovely .|Now you just have to get healthy again .
Thank you .|I think I 've seen him somewhere before . Where ? Looks like he 's not from here .
I 've definitely seen him somewhere .|Wait a minute . Aren 't you the person from before ? The person who came from Hanyang last year , looking for the great master of Hyeonam Temple ?
A large gambling house up here was robbed by 5 Vietnamese tonight The employees chased them We snapped the fight as we happened to be on the spot|Not bad Really ? Try hard to do better
They talk a lot of nonsense about us .|For them we 're outsiders . You shouldn 't take it too seriously .
What if Miss Tung really is liberal ? I 'll show you a girl 's erogenous zones|Where ? Palm , ear , neck , back and knee
For you .|You 're doing all sorts of things nowadays . Even a documentary . It 's because Director Yang asked for a favor . I thought I saw reports that you were filming overseas . When did you come back ? Did you miss me ? You must have missed me to search for news about me . I don 't want to say this because you 'll just act superior , but news about you is all over the internet . It 's impossible not to see it . It 's not acting superior . I am superior . Only you call it acting .
Why are you here ? You 're not dating anyone recently , right ? I 'm so lonely I could die . Shall we start dating again ? Do you want to work till you die ? What is the use of earning so much money ? I 'm lonely and you 're lonely too . I heard you are dating someone in a girl group . And she 's younger than you by 10 years . It 's been in the news .|She 's too immature . She 's always chattering and giggling .
Is that right ?|I 'm coming
You can 't even spell the word .|Paul , don 't be offended .
Hey , Na Jeong !|What are you doing ? Do you want to date me ?
Your reaction 's funny|Why is it so windy ?
Why is it so windy ?|Did I hurt you ?
Did I hurt you ?|No , you didn 't Come on this side Want me to come over again ?
Excuse me , please .|I just don 't believe it .
I just don 't believe it .|You 'd really have allowed him to walk in here as if nothing had happened .
There isn 't anyone , right ?|Even though she hasn 't said anything , it seems like there is someone . Ah , is that so ? I see .
He sounded so different .|What did you imagine ?
This old ajussi is setting his sights pretty high . Aigoo .  So what did you say ? I said that you 're seemed to have a boyfriend . When did I have a boyfriend ? I had to do that so that he would give up . Otherwise he 'd keep bothering you . Well ...|What ? Did I say something wrong ?
Miss Tung|You don 't recognize me because I am all dressed up ! Right
That he 'd come back ?|He doesn 't love you any more . He probably never loved you .
He doesn 't love you any more . He probably never loved you .|Laura , stop it .
We 're going to be late , please go faster . That 's why I said not to film the documentary ! It 's only a few lines of narration , so why are they going to the extent of filming it outdoors ? Just 5 minutes would be enough . Just because you agreed to do it , they 're trying to milk you for everything they can , is that it ?|Miss Hui Jin , start from here . The battle between the South and West Factions . The conflicting fates of Queen In Hyeon and Jang Ok Jeong . Announce it like this while walking straight ahead . And then stop right at the marker for the 5th level officials and stand there while continuing the commentary . Okay . Good .
Don 't pretend to be more stupid than you already are . What would he have to say ?|He 's an egoistic arsehole . And he 's a coward .
The conflicting fates of Queen In Hyeon and Jang Ok Jeong .|This story has been dramatized countless times on television . It is the familiar tale of a time when political power changed hands .
You taxi drivers must get along with people Right ? Yes Lung|What a coincidence ! Thanks for taking care of my retarded sister
What a coincidence ! Thanks for taking care of my retarded sister|It took you the whole day Thank you I must leave
You like it here .|Yes , but I 'm obviously the only one .
Caught up in allegations of a love affair with Queen In Hyeon , this man proved his innocence through his death in front of King Suk Jong .|He was 27 years of age at the time . An Office of Special Advisers Administrator from the West Faction called Gim Bung Do .
He was 27 years of age at the time . An Office of Special Advisers Administrator from the West Faction called Gim Bung Do .|He is today 's lead character , Queen In Hyeon 's Man .
In this documentary , we will reveal the story of his short life .|Cut . What 's the matter ?
He 's a good fellow|Why have you so many friends in this restaurant ?
How shall we tell the children ?|How it is .
No , I am too emotional Ajournalistic report should leave thejudgment to the public I put too much of myself into it I think it 's good to be exciting , just like movies News coverage is different from movies No difference The idea is to attract viewers|Right I really wish to cover bigger news stories
Sorry , I 'll do it again . Oh , I thought ...|Okay , let 's start again then .
This is Lung . My friend John Boyfriend How do you do ? Lung ? Are you wearing a college tie ? But you sure don 't look like my schoolmate|What 's your name , sir ?
Lawyer Liu . What do you do ?|Metered vehicle controller
That 's why I 'm begging Your Majesty to let me die with honor .|In the future , I will not appear in this world again .
I 'm lawyer|It 's my treat Order anything
It 's my treat Order anything|Nobody treats me for over 10 years
I should 've stayed in Berlin .|Yeah , maybe .
Yeah , maybe .|Do you really love her ?
The judge rules differently Right ?|Is Miss Tung a university graduate ?
In the old days , usually the wife would tie this for her husband when he was leaving for work .|So , he would stand like this , and every morning his wife would tie it for him .
So , he would stand like this , and every morning his wife would tie it for him .|As it was being tied , their eyes would meet and a feeling would grow .
Do you know of a survey report ?|A taxi driver sits too long is apt to have testicle defects
Okay , then I 'll hand in my notice .|I don 't know ...
As it was being tied , their eyes would meet and a feeling would grow .|Then . This . This is called the purpose of a tie .
Lawyer Liu , what will you have ?|He asks what you want
You 're a player over there too , right ?|Good . Mr Player calls The Most Beautiful Woman in the World .
Charlotte , please ...|Arms up !
Help me . Do the rest by yourself .|So , what do you think ?
Please let me have a look at the footage , the one called Queen In Hyeon 's man .|This would be a better place if you 're watching it alone .
Don 't you want to wake him ?|What for ?
Did we do well just now ?|Of course not I told jokes , she heard them all She told jokes in English , I didn 't get a word
Of course not I told jokes , she heard them all She told jokes in English , I didn 't get a word|Her boyfriend was there too
Because it 's not edited yet , it 's still a little bit messy .|First , if you want to stop , do this . If you want to fast forward , do this .
The conflicting fates of Queen In Hyeon and Jang Ok Jeong .|This story has been dramatized countless times on television . It is the familiar tale of a time when political power changed hands .
At the building supplies store .|He 's on detox .
In the year 1694 , a battle in political affairs led to much bloodshed . In the midst of that affair , there was a man who left an interesting record .|Caught up in allegations of a love affair with Queen In Hyeon , this man proved his innocence through his death in front of Suk Jong .
Good morning , sir Can I help you ?|Go to Hilton , please
I might forget that I had written this letter ...|Or even this letter itself might disappear .
For me or for you , this letter is written for whoever may live holding on to the memories .|When I first happened to come into possession of this talisman , I was very curious about its cause and effect .
I forgot I didn 't know English|I 'm worse than you
Then afterwards , I thought that beginning a new life in another world was the effect . But it 's only now that I came to realize its effects .|If the cause was me surviving , then me losing everything was the effect .
You 're cheating|What ? Yun , hit him
What ? Yun , hit him|How dare you ?
In a life without aims , to not even have those memories would be hell .|And you ... as for you ... Even if you should happen to read this letter someday far in the future , I pray that you will not be able to realize whom it is for .
Hit him|How dare you
How dare you|Yun Great ! There 's none better than you
Yun Great ! There 's none better than you|Hurry !
There 's a bit of a problem .|The new ones are coming on Monday .
A man who wanted his love to forget him .|It was probably because she was beyond his reach .
Hello ?|Are you listening ?
Gives it a warmer shade .|I want to try that out tomorrow .
Will you try hard to help me get info ?|Stop ! Don 't go !
Don 't worry Though I 'm a taxi driver I was one of you guys|What are you doing ? Don 't move
If you called a person who 's eating and sleeping well , shouldn 't you take responsibility ?|Close the door .
Sit for a while|Thank you , brother It 's okay
The statement 's ready Read it over and sign it|Miss Tung Lung , frankly , I 'm grateful for your help but now my boss and colleagues all call me a fanatic If keep on doing this , I 'd be out of a job
Next time I 'll get you some better info Next time ? Be a good taxi driver ; that 's what Jenny wants of you Don 't give her any more info or trouble|Sorry
Then how did you come here ?|I came back because you called me .
The use of the tie , I missed its purpose when you taught me . I almost used it for other purposes .|You missed the purpose of the tie ?
Everyone calms down .|Nathalie ?
Looks like I have to destroy it .|It 's in the museum .
I find it 's really ridiculous now . Claiming that you are her boyfriend out of nowhere . I have never heard Hui Jin mention anything about you even once .|Starting now , tell the truth . You hear me ?
We 're taking a bath|Do you like her ? Yes
Boy , is she heavy !|What are you doing ?
It 's alright .|That 's reassuring .
Where do you study , the school you attend .|Sungkyunkwan .
College boy for college girl ; architect for architect|Cook for waitress ; pilot for stewardess
Sungkyunkwan University ?|Where do you live ?
I am depending on the inheritance that my parents left me . Oh my god . Perfect conditions . Perfect man . My father was a politician .|Politician ?
For the inaugural flight , I intend to use lights , so the most auspicious time would be in the evening , round about now . I 'll make it down into the shadow of the building when the shadow is at its longest . That shadow is important to you ? Consider the times it 's rotated around this building . I was born down there . My mother started labour in that shadow and had to wait until it came around again before she was finished .|When his duties as an official observer were over , he had turned to publishing an encyclopaedic history of flight and to the formation of an aircraft museum at Rishangles .
Your company|Even beasts bully me
Guard office ? Yes I 'm a friend of Miss Tung , Block B , 6th floor ! Help me drive away that maniac at the staircase Okay|We 've got something
Who are you looking for ? Miss Tung She said she doesn 't know you|Coming to make trouble ?
I can 't find her right now , looks like she 's gone out .|For a walk , I think .
A tiger is of the cat family|Don 't you know it ?
Don 't you know it ?|Cat family ? Tigerfamily ?
In the summer , Appis flew a stunt kite to intimidate the birds who he blamed directly for his predicament .|I 'm told you drink salt water to crack the ice in your pancreas .
I do ? Perhaps you 're confusing me with someone else .|My father was always experimenting , putting plaice in the canals and stimulating the salt glands in pelagic birds .
" But then I have no patience with bureaucracies . " " It 's water off a duck 's back to them . "|Apart from a thickening of the exterior muscles , the Violent Unknown Event has only modified Tasida 's interior , leaving her exterior unmolested and encouraging her belief in naturism .
Why did you invite him ?|It was hypothetical .
If you were the only man in this world or there were no girls at all or all men have disappeared|There 's still another way out
" But as time went on , I realised that he was too interested in the clothing industry . " " He was even selling stockings to my friend Sanchia . " " I told him to stop making his business interest break up our relationship . "|Tasida has painstakingly learnt a mechanical Curdine so she might talk to her brother . Since he only wanted to talk about birds , she pronounced ornithological terms with an exactness suggesting enthusiasm .
Jenny , it 's for you Thank you|Miss Tung , this is Lung So it 's you
Do you think these film biographies are going to profit the VUE victims ?|Of course . Think of who 's involved , the IRR , the BFI , the COI , the European Section of the WSPB , not to miss the Directory Commission .
You leave her waiting and disappear .|Didn 't t cross your mind we could think you were dead ?
Miss Tung|It 's been a long time
These bodies have access to a viewing public that covers half the world . Do you think public money is well spent on making films like this ? Do you ask about the public money being paid to all these people in all these government offices ? I 'm surprised that you of all people can ask that question . Mashanter was born in the Canary Isles , though at times she denies it . She now has an office in Berkeley Square .|Her parents were Danish . Her father was an architect now employed building aviaries . Her mother , a doctor , drowned in a ship 's swimming pool . Do you think there 's any point in the IRR making a separate case for VUE victims ? On the night of the VUE Mashanter was on holiday in Venice . Apart from some migraine and insomnia Mashanter suffered little physically . Her metabolism was invigorated . At night , she studied ornithological literature . She began to campaign for a better appreciation of avian terminology .
Sorry for giving you so much trouble|I didn 't know missing teenagers and spilling shits are not news
She was invaluable to her husband .|She looked after his poultry , kept his accounts and when roused was as uxorious a wife as Carlos could wish to have .
A fowl pest epidemic finally erased Carlos 's other poultry . Two veterinary officials came to make sure he had burnt or buried all the corpses .|Insisting the one remaining bird should be destroyed , the vet promised to compensate Carlos with at least a set of photographs .
These were taken as the vet stalked the bird with his camera whilst the vet 's assistant stalked the bird with a shotgun .|Carlos was not happy with the photographs . He is now awaiting trial at Clichy for shooting the vet .
Is it pine ?|You didn 't want meranti . We don 't like it either .
Again Pulat found out , and crashed at sea . He turned up five months later on Smith Island in the New Hebrides . Stachia suggested Pulat should come and live at the Vogelstrasse . But after months of impossible situations , swapped identities and frustrated privacy , Stachia could stand it no longer and walked out .|She wrote and illustrated a story about a wooden chair that grew back again into a tree , bore fruit and propagated a forest of chairs . The story was bought by a seed company and Stachia wrote their advertising copy . With funds from the company 's publicity account , she built up an aviary of tropical birds in Mexico City and then in Amsterdam . Before long she met Van Hoyten , the Head of the Ornithological Department of Amsterdam zoo and they were living together at the time of the VUE .
A world exclusive ?|I 've already arranged everytthing for you
What ?|Sleep with other women .
If I 'm an accessory afterfact and he kills more people I 've committed a moral crime and will be ruined|It doesn 't seem worthwhile
Goodnight .|But I wanted to take you home .
Nico ...|I 'm terribly sorry . How did it ... ?
We 're going out .|Don 't worry . I can handle it .
Pandist Fallaspy , biography sub judice , pending investigation for embezzlement from the World Society for the Protection of Birds .|It 's awfully considerate of you to think of me here ...
I 'm not sure if I can handle it .|I 'll call you .
Let me show you something|Can I photograph them now ?
He can take care of a carpenter .|I don 't want him to take care of anyone , I just want the windows I ordered .
I admit I 'm a killer , but not a pervert|I 'm more normal than any normal people but I 'm in love with news reporter Jenny Tung
I 'm more normal than any normal people but I 'm in love with news reporter Jenny Tung|She 's taping these for me now
And how are you going to do that ?|Was the pine really that bad ?
Aren 't you hungry ?|I can 't leave the house .
I can 't leave the house .|We 'll take Charlotte , okay ?
Somewhere on this western section there are two places , maybe three , where the epicentre of epicentres might have been situated . The first is Stamford Brook Underground . And the second is The Raven public house . 27 people died in the lounge bar on the night of the Event and 14 had died in the saloon on the morning after . Seven more had been variously blinded in the beer garden at the back . Capercaillie , lammergeyer , cassowary ... The VUE has introduced Castenarm to insulin , Ventolin and praemocetylene , widened his feet so that he now takes a larger shoe , and has given him arthritis . He now indexes for a publisher of popular ornithological literature . ... sora , grosbeak , hawfinch , lanner , barbet , lory , mooruk , trogon ... A third possible VUE epicentre is this maternity hospital where 30 children born in the 24 hours following the VUE all showed a physiology that would suggest flight . ... scoter , chukar , killdeer ... In celebration of the Goldhawk Road , Castenarm researched the indices of the ornithological text books sent to him by the publisher , and compiled a list of the 92 most unfamiliar bird names he could find .|With this list he is hoping to achieve several ambitions . One is to find a sympathetic composer willing to use the bird list as the libretto for an opera .
So I arranged for her to interview me to introduce my inner self to the world the tragic mentality of a man who is lost in love|Miss Tung will rocket to fame for sure
Despite attempts to amalgamate them into one person there have in fact been three Cissie Colpitts in Goole since 1931 .|Propine Fallax is chronologically the third .
The second Goole Cissie Colpitts married a bicycle manufacturer and moved to York . She bequeathed her local film material collection to her namesake .|It was stored in hen coops , in the abattoir and in the base of the old brick tower .
What do you want ?|Maria .
It was stored in hen coops , in the abattoir and in the base of the old brick tower .|Propine , worried about the collection deteriorating , felt it imperative to find it a permanent home .
Where have you hidden Charlotte ?|At my parents ' .
Dispirited , Coppice had made a hesitant start on Katan , one of the more popularly spoken of the mutant languages . But his experience with Betelguese was like studying a consonant alphabet of two letters after experiencing a vowel alphabet of 200 . Coppice was an art historian who , trying to make a novel cultural theory out of the VUE , had wholeheartedly taken to the idea of the Responsibility of Birds . After exploring the significance of birds in European painting , Coppice focused his interest on Francesca 's Brera Virgin , also known as the Egg Painting . Coppice knew everything about this painting . Its conception , mathematics , the constituents of its colours , the hagiography of its saints , its value in lire , dollars , gold and osprey feathers . The centre of all this fascination was the suspended egg , to Coppice , the symbol of the Violent Unknown Event , and the one perplexing feature for which he had no explanation . Coppice asked his students to copy the painting and kept the results , some bad , some indifferent , some eccentric , some three or four inspired , two almost impossible to tell from the original and one considerably better , painted by a girl who spoke Betelguese . Her name , Adioner Perdona . When Coppice had first tried to learn Betelguese , " Adioner " could be translated into Italian to mean " yellow " . At the time Coppice began to take an interest in the della Francesca , the word had shifted its meaning to suggest the concept of yolk , and when Adioner had told Coppice her name it had meant " embryo " . The coincidence was too great for Coppice and his wish to possess , marry and own Adioner was violent . He found a reason to fail her in her finals exam , and under the excuse of giving her extra tuition , he won her confidence and seduced her . She had a child . Coppice had the boy fostered by his married sister and had him christened Piero dell 'Adioner . By that time " Adioner " in Betelguese could only legitimately be translated into Italian as " egg " .|Agrendo Fallbazz . Drowned in a ship 's swimming pool . Bereavement clause honoured for 16 weeks . Full biography in later versions of The Falls .
Soon after the VUE , Cisgatten had bought a licence to sell bird hats and made avian upholstery for several years until the Responsibility of Birds Theory became commonplace .|He turned to the children 's toy market , and in partnership with his brother , Agrendo , was very successful . Thanks to the VUE , Cisgatten was obliged to wear rubber gloves to stop his hands from drying out . The VUE also robbed him of his sense of smell and impaired his sight though apparently not at night . His enemies and competitors called him Moreau Fallbazz and accused him of experimenting on birds to make the species interchangeable . They hinted he kept owls illegally at his house and that his brother had committed suicide for fear of prosecution . The brothers bought a cottage on the Lleyn Peninsula , since burnt down , where Cisgatten had met Cathine Fallbutus as a child . They had both gone to the same primary school in the Goldhawk Road . Against his brother 's opposition Cisgatten proposed marriage to her . Now that his brother was out of the way , Cisgatten is keen to approach Cathine Fallbutus a second time .
Canopy 's original insistence on the VUE 's incompetence mellowed as each 83rd birthday passed by . It took a strong personal event to revive it . Like the death of a daughter , when she wrote of a god who was a charlatan , an inexperienced quack whose sense of time was irresponsible . Three days after this entry she relented a little and put the unsatisfactory incompleteness of the VUE 's efforts down to a god who had suffered the loss of a necessary skill . A day later , in a pale and yellowing ink , she softened more , and wrote that it was difficult for one magician to accomplish successfully another 's magic . At a perpetual 83 , her problems were not going to involve reproduction . She was determined to enjoy immortality and to reserve her splenetic attacks for agents of the VUE Commission , especially those who believed in the Responsibility of Birds .|Cole Fallbird . Biography sub judice pending trial for misconduct with a mynah .
Are you getting changed ? We have to go .|Could you go alone ?
Who 'd take care of you if I were dead ?|Lt 'd be a pity to leave you alone
Lt 'd be a pity to leave you alone|Don 't die , don 't die Come here Let 's get married
He only had to take it regularly .|It was a bike accident , didn 't you know ?
Castel developed a great restlessness at every change in the weather and on autumn nights accompanied migrating birds far out to sea , always turning back with the greatest reluctance .|To extend his range and comparability with birds , Castel ruthlessly streamlined his body by exercise and diet , growing very lean in the leg , muscular in the shoulders , long in the arm and short in the neck .
Come here|Open up
3 minutes to 9pm|I 'm here , I stepped on this land . I 'm here for 63 days already . Travelling , immigration office , everything went fine . I arrived in New York at dawn .
So she insisted on being close to the Maternity Hospital in Goldhawk Road .|Betheda had been an air hostess , a milliner and the owner of a restaurant . She had flown too often , wasted too many feathers and cooked too many chickens . On her admission , sufficient excuse for herself and her family to be plagued by the VUE in both their houses .
But I was relaxed , it 's a great feeling .|I didn 't call before I came here , because I don 't like to be seen off . Moreover , I know you don 't like to see off either . So don 't swear at me , Ivan .
Filip Avramov|Ana Papadopulu
Smile !|Where did you take that from ?
Where did you take that from ?|Kamen sent it for you . The guy 's wondering how are you doing .
She arrived at five o 'clock in the morning , two hours before dawn .|Her grandchildren had strung a rope between the two palms that fronted the garden to the west . Both children were hanging by their legs . The nose of the elder child was bleeding , dripping onto the gravel . The younger child had a bruised forehead and was singing . As Betheda took this in , she started to sneeze and then to blow bubbles of mucus from her nose . Groping in her sleeve for a handkerchief she saw a hoopoe was sitting in one of the palms . From then on Betheda suffered from an excess of catarrh that blurred her speech , forced her to breathe through her mouth , tainted her food and irritated her digestion , making her life so wretched that she often contemplated suicide . She said it was the excitement of immortality that stopped her cutting her wrists . But more likely a concern for her grandchildren made her accept her disabilities .
Have you ever been reprimanded by thejudge ?|Suing someone who bought pork , beef and chicken All the Hong Kong people will be in jail then What now ? We 've already sold our Special to stations all over the world ?
My reputation 's ruined|Jenny Tung , you don 't have to go on
It 's for you .|Hello ?
According to his testimony she did everything in his home of her own volition Sorry|Did he do it to her ?
Did he do it to her ?|Do what ?
Vacete Fallbutus was Betheda 's youngest son . Mother and son seldom communicated because Betheda disapproved of how her son earned his living , though Vacete rarely left the vicinity of the Goldhawk Road .|Vacete could do all the tricks of the body conjuror 's repertoire . He could waggle his ears , spit 80 yards and blow smoke rings through his nose . He was a gifted petomane . There were dubious and dangerous tricks that Vacete would do for special prices in the public houses of the Goldhawk Road .
Having sex|I tried to take her statement on that she dept smiling without answering
I want to know ...|I need to know ... Especially now ...
I need to know ... Especially now ...|Do you still love him ?
That was your decision , wasn 't it ?|I 'd like to introduce you to some people .
He stayed in The Swakeley , named after the collective noun for immature carrier pigeons , in The Wheatsheaf , changed from The Wheatear because the publican had no belief in the Responsibility of Birds , in The Goldhawk , and on the night of the VUE , Vacete was found sightless and breathless in the beer garden at The Raven public house . He was running in small circles . The blindness was impermanent , and only returned when the light was less than f11 on the Weston scale . Later Vacete became allergic to travelling at speeds over 10mph , unless it happened when the light was under f11 , when he couldn 't see how fast he was going . Lf , in spite of all precautions , he did see light flashing by at 15mph , he was sick , painfully giddy and found it hard to catch his breath . His personal hero was Reichfelt , the patriot airman who threw himself off the Eiffel Tower in 1909 . Vacete 's family scorned the hero worship , knowing Vacete was scared of heights . To prove them wrong , Vacete climbed the railway bridge in the Goldhawk Road and leapt off . He survived the jump , but under the bridge the light registered less than f11 . Stumbling in small circles , temporarily blinded , Vacete was run over by a white van .|At the buzzer , in 30 seconds name as many birds as you can think of .
Capercaillie ... He 'd taken his camping equipment , his savings , his maps , a supply of food and a cassette tape recorder .|For three years Astra 's sister received picture postcards , all of which featured cave systems . Then came a last postcard from Peru saying that Astra had found a colony of guacharo , or oilbirds , at San Luis Rey and was preparing a paper for the WSPB on echolocation sensibility in birds . At the buzzer , in 30 seconds tell me as much as you can about the Bittern .
That 's an embarrassing question|Would you kill for her ?
Would you kill for her ?|No , I don 't have the guts
The real killer is still at large Do you think what you did would stimulate the killer to do something else ?|I know the killer 's motive well according to my psychological research But it 's too dangerous to talk too much about that Is the man from Monday News here ?
All wiped out|John
In my thoughts I 'm talking with you .|I want you to see this play and not be ashamed of me .
The imprisonment , the bereavement , a sense of guilt and rapidly developing VUE symptoms of deafness and nausea , unbalanced Raskado 's mind .|On his release he bought a rifle , slaughtered his herd and tarred out the white patches on their hides . With money from the knacker 's yard , he bought building materials and attempted to reconstruct the wash house on his Suffolk property as a memorial to Gandy Ova . Then , learning of the Theory of the Responsibility of Birds , he bought a shotgun and two untrained retrievers and began a vigourous campaign of ornithological slaughter , incinerating the corpses every Friday in the reconstructed wash house .
Someone wants to kill me , sir You again ? Yes , you don 't believe me ? No , but I 'll take your record first What 's your name ? My god !|I already said I didn 't do anything with him
On his release he bought a rifle , slaughtered his herd and tarred out the white patches on their hides . With money from the knacker 's yard , he bought building materials and attempted to reconstruct the wash house on his Suffolk property as a memorial to Gandy Ova . Then , learning of the Theory of the Responsibility of Birds , he bought a shotgun and two untrained retrievers and began a vigourous campaign of ornithological slaughter , incinerating the corpses every Friday in the reconstructed wash house .|When the police began circulating his photograph , Raskado left his farm and found his way to the bird sanctuary at Minsmere to continue his onslaught . After three days of mayhem , Raskado took the cow maps , the clothes Ova had taken off in the shower house and a can of petrol , and burnt himself to death in a bird hide in the marsh by the sea .
A great one , for love and death .|I can 't translate it , but I have the feeling I knew it for a long time .
I can 't translate it , but I have the feeling I knew it for a long time .|The Japanese are good in this .
Organic items were favoured , especially the skeletons of birds .|His girlfriend 's handwriting on a label accompanying a crow wishbone started the police on their investigation . Agrimany says that his prosecution was a test case to deter others from entering a potentially very profitable market .
Shey holds membership card number 19 .|Shey 's bridge was the swing bridge known as the Centre Walk , over the Treadle Canal , Liverpool . Shey was walking to work the midnight shift on the evening of the Violent Unknown Event when the warning bell rang and the bridge shook as though struck by a barge .
I 'm doing this for the first time .|But this is the only way we can communicate because they don 't let me come over there .
But this is the only way we can communicate because they don 't let me come over there .|I can 't understand how come from so many people in New York ... her majesty Death has chosen exactly you .
Someone wants to kill me , and you too|Go now Just now that
I can 't understand how come from so many people in New York ... her majesty Death has chosen exactly you .|She must be beautiful , right ? Ask her , ask her everything you want to know . And remember it , because I 'll ask you for quotes .
Thomax was waiting for the 100,000th train .|That was the number he had formally agreed to see through Diss Station before he returned to Wales and the Dovey Valley . It was a promise he 'd made first to his wife who disliked flat East Anglia . Secondly to British Rail who employed him on a VUE contract , and only thirdly to himself .
St. John the Forerunner .|I thought he was St. John the Baptist .
With his wife , he plunged into a thorough programme of research , viewing all the ornithological film material he could find , not missing a reference , however tenuous , to be fully equipped to make a definitive examination of Hitchcock 's film .|He visited the Lleyn Peninsula , discovering from clues in Hitchcock 's film a farm outside Aberdaron called Fay Mar , the name of the boat in the Hitchcock film where the first bird attack had taken place . The farm was run by an American Holiday Consortium traceable to a Minneapolis Hospital , and then to the Hitchcock Estate . Becoming an accomplished bird identifier , there was one species in the film which Obsian had always failed to identify . It looked like a hybrid of rook and seagull . Obsian christened it an Alfred and hoping for a response from the Hitchcock estate , he wrote off asking if this composite bird owed its existence to the specifications of the director or a property manager . After a delay he was answered by a scriptwriter 's wife that her husband could not answer any questions , having seriously suffered from the effects of the VUE , but she knew that the bird had been given a Latin title in the studios , Corvus frugilegus atlanticus .
What do you do ? Nothing at the moment .|Some time ago I was a writer .
Gaspara has discovered this magazine is financed by the Hitchcock estate .|Wrallis Fallinway . Typing error for Wrallis Fallanway . See Biography 13 .
Against medical advice , Ashile insisted on returning to his flat . He began to document his case and then the case histories of other VUE patients , to lobby for recognition of their condition and to persuade international cooperation to put aside funds for the rehabilitation of VUE victims .|Since his skin eczema was eased by submersion in warm salt water , he dictated most of his letters , articles and stories from his bath . Every room in the flat , including this bathroom , was equipped with a microphone wired to a tape recorder in the hall .
Since his skin eczema was eased by submersion in warm salt water , he dictated most of his letters , articles and stories from his bath . Every room in the flat , including this bathroom , was equipped with a microphone wired to a tape recorder in the hall .|It is said of Fallko that if the VUE had not happened , then Fallko would have invented it . A furious scourge and a shrill critic of institutions , Ashile hounded the VUE Commission and succeeded in getting five directors removed or dismissed , and it is reported he developed a strong case against Van Hoyten and FOX , and was waiting for an opportunity to use it .
Stammer Boy , where 's Ti ?|She went to Shenzhen , will return tomorrow Shit !
It is said of Fallko that if the VUE had not happened , then Fallko would have invented it . A furious scourge and a shrill critic of institutions , Ashile hounded the VUE Commission and succeeded in getting five directors removed or dismissed , and it is reported he developed a strong case against Van Hoyten and FOX , and was waiting for an opportunity to use it .|Over a period of six years , he employed over 30 secretaries , most of whom left , complaining of the workload , the crowds in this bathroom , the smell or Fallko 's emotional and physical demands . Fallko was periodically readmitted to hospital suffering from exhaustion , depression or scalding .
No , but I don 't look good on photos . Otherwise I don 't mind .|You can write a story about the old restorer with ... her old Lada and telling the myth about Orpheus .
You can write a story about the old restorer with ... her old Lada and telling the myth about Orpheus .|What am I supposed to do ?
Don 't ! Sorry , I 'm just making a video ...|What are you ?
The Violent Unknown Event had partially paralysed the face of Afracious Fallows , enlarged his heart , thumbs and genitals , made him scrofulous , softened and widened his feet and thoroughly wrecked his career as a school headmaster .|Afracious regularly sought to relieve his depression by driving a stolen car round a traffic island in Abersoch until the petrol ran out or he was stopped by the police . He made a living through petty thieving , mimicry , Latin lessons , car stealing , bird identification and prostitution . His greatest source of pride was being secretary of the Abersoch Audubon Ornithological Society and his rented beach house at Cappis Sand housed sick seabirds , incompetent efforts at taxidermy and eccentric systems of bird classification of his own invention . Afracious strongly identified with Linnaeus and the hoopoe . Three years ago , accused of embezzlement , he was unanimously dismissed from the Abersoch Audubon Society . To display his rancour and his erudition in one gesture , he spent the 13th anniversary of the VUE stealing from beach houses at Cappis Sand owned by members of the Abersoch Audubon Society who were not VUE victims .
Afracious regularly sought to relieve his depression by driving a stolen car round a traffic island in Abersoch until the petrol ran out or he was stopped by the police . He made a living through petty thieving , mimicry , Latin lessons , car stealing , bird identification and prostitution . His greatest source of pride was being secretary of the Abersoch Audubon Ornithological Society and his rented beach house at Cappis Sand housed sick seabirds , incompetent efforts at taxidermy and eccentric systems of bird classification of his own invention . Afracious strongly identified with Linnaeus and the hoopoe . Three years ago , accused of embezzlement , he was unanimously dismissed from the Abersoch Audubon Society . To display his rancour and his erudition in one gesture , he spent the 13th anniversary of the VUE stealing from beach houses at Cappis Sand owned by members of the Abersoch Audubon Society who were not VUE victims .|He stole an umbrella from The Homestead , property of Mr Herbert Armada . A pair of plimsolls , size eight , from Orinoco , owned by Mr and Mrs C Fretcalfe . A pair of underpants from an unnamed beach house , owned by Mr Harris Rippley . A second pair of plimsolls , size five , from Oleander , owned by Mrs Lily Armada .
I have no nerve to love you|I worship you
The grandmother of a friend of mine knows it . ... it 's great , the song I mean .|Some people brought life back to the dead with songs .
A relative of mine was a tough guy . Here 's where we worked together . It will be a year soon ... He built a house . Almost time for an opening party with family and friends ... the roof fell off and he died instantly . God bless him , only 33 years old . Died in minutes . No , my man , there 's no song , no nothing which can bring life back to him . That 's why while you 're alive , you should do whatever you can . And in the end if you can relax a little and enjoy life ... And if you want to sing , just sing . There are no songs in after life .|Remember I told you that !
I touched the TV set , and it was cold But your smile was so warm|You 've never seen the rude side of me Ajacket on top and shorts at bottom
With her husband and her two sons , and a growing band of adherents , Romanese visited the site of her lightning strike every June 13th . Six years after the Event , she was still introduced at VUE functions as the woman who was struck by VUE lightning .|The VUE victims in her audience took a certain comfort from seeing Romanese naked to the waist standing on a rostrum talking confidently about her experiences . They could believe that the VUE was comprehensible as an electric shock , random in its choice of victim , arbitrary in the scale of damage it could do and bizarre in its peripheral effects . They were conveniently , if erroneously , reminded that lightning was supposed never to strike twice . By Romanese 's example , they were thus immune from future disaster .
This morning I headed towards a village . There are no cars passing by here . How many kilometres ? Not much , should be around 18 kilometres .|I have a bottle of water here , you can have some .
I have a bottle of water here , you can have some .|It 's good water , it 's from a spring . I am taking these loaves of bread to the elderly ... because we are very few and there is nobody to bring them bread . What are you going to do there ...
I don 't know , it 's the first time I 'm going there . Are you buying a house ?|No , I 'm not . Because in some regions people buy lots of houses .
Go now|Don 't play that trick again !
Fallthuis , in acknowledgement of his VUE disabilities , took a job giving him time to travel with his wife on her singing tours of Europe . Eventually his wife was invited to London to the Royal Festival Hall and Fallthuis visited the South Bank for the first time in 11 years .|One September evening at dusk , whilst his wife attended a rehearsal , Fallthuis stepped out of this door to look again at the tree which had been the subject of his last film exercise . Much had changed . The buildings he had filmed in their early stages of construction were now long completed .
I go here every day .|See how many people .
Don 't worry No mosquitoes with windows closed|The ceiling is high here
And where am I going ? Where are we going ?|We 're in a rush , we 're moving , but is this really important ?
We 're in a rush , we 're moving , but is this really important ?|It 's strange that I feel lonely among so many people .
Get out of the way .|Remember to say please .
Oh , come on .|The disk is in there ! You know which scene I love most ?
You don 't like these dishes ?|I have something better You 've never tasted before Wait
Don Ciccio 's villa . When Vito goes back to Sicily .|The crickets , the great old house . It 's fucking beautiful . Maybe because I 'm going there .
Eat , it 's nice|Eat
Yes , I have .|If only you could film me and show me on TV ...
Fucking Mercedes ! Let 's go .|Churchill !
It 's ok here .|Great , you 're like an actor !
Eat|Lung , why do you always go against me ?
Lung , why do you always go against me ?|Sorry , Lung
Sorry , Lung|You always teach me how to do things right
Great , you 're like an actor !|My name is Belo Taskov , I drive a tractor , 34 year old , served in the military , single ... and I can provide for myself . I live in a nice , beautiful place .
I 'll neverforget you|Let 's go for a walk and see if we can meet new girls
Let 's go for a walk and see if we can meet new girls|Okay Wait , have some more
What 's your question ? Our friend . What 's he like ? What 's he like ?|I only met him once . He came on the Michelangelo . 1961 .
Not my idea to have me set the table .|You want me to help with he roast ?
What 's it ?|Let me down and fight it out
And besides , you make the rules , you 're a man , aren 't you ? Plus , this way you 'll know that whoever calls you ... she likes you the way you are .|Really , if you start lying to each other from the very beginning ... it becomes like hell !
Let it be that way , what about being lonely ?|I can 't go this way , because the road up there is damaged . But if you take that way over there , the village should be close .
I can 't go this way , because the road up there is damaged . But if you take that way over there , the village should be close .|It means somebody died .
Whom are you looking for ? I 'm looking for Kamen 's grandmother .|She went with the first women down to the river . Go and you 'll catch her .
This is Joey from Dover .|Delaware . No shit ! I live in Dover , here , Jersey . That 's right . Joey , know where they got the name Dover from ?
No , no , no !|All right , I gotta go , fellas . Joey , nice to meet you . You , Mr. Rude Cocksucker see you around , baby .
Oh , honey , I know . Your Jackie .|Listen to me . Going on about how happy I am and you a widow .
He 's blind , you know .|Jesus Christ ! Angie ? My God , I 'm sure he 's adjusted to it . Christ ! You fucking idiot , Rosalie !
Come on , let the boy be . You 're more stupid , you couldn 't sign your name . Yes , you couldn 't sign your name !|I 'm looking for Kamen 's grandmother . Here she is !
You set them free , please No Then what are you after ?|Unless ...
Remember the one who surrenders her virginity for your sake Remember her , Lung|All right , we go
Take it off . Strip !|Lung , don 't forget the one who takes off her bra for you !
No , I like it here ... it is very nice !|God bless her .
I 've stripped down Your turn|Take off !
God bless her .|Does anybody else know this song ?
No . She 's gonna shit when she hears this .|When will Christopher be here ? He 's got something for Don V. Anytime now . He went to Corso to buy a gift for Adriana .
It 's an honor .|Nino is happy to be at your disposal .
For health !|I 'll sing you a song . What song ?
I don 't think I 'm good enough for you as I can 't ditch the girl who sacrificed herself|Goodbye
Goodbye|This interview must be great news Bye
Ti|What 's that ?
What do you do for living ? A reporter ? No , a writer . A writer ? Wow ...|This is not a profession , this is vocation . Literature and art are the biggest achievements of mankind .
I|Why staring like that ?
What sort of books do you write ? Prose or poetry ? Prose but I 'd like it to sound like like poetry . Tough choice .|I 'm writing a new book now , it 's about people 's fear of death and fullness . I hope it will be real .
It 's an honor .|Wheelchair Boulevard .
Ti|How are you ? Fine
Ugly brute , ain ' t it ? Thing weighs more than 300 pounds . How are we gonna get it back to town ? It 's too heavy to carry .| That won ' t be necessary . I will go under my own power .
The lyrics of a countryside song ? Yes , it 's quite important for me ...|Hm ... could be , but not very likely ...
But it 's true . Uncle Charles built him himself . But he 's almost human . He thinks ... and he talks . He remembers . Now , wait a minute . Are you telling me that Sheriff Barclay arrested a mechanical man ? Yes . And a district attorney wants to destroy him .|That 's the first good laugh I 've had in 35 years . I 'm sorry . I meant no disrespect to the Doc . When you get to be my age , death isn ' t all that important somehow .
Obviously , Zi Vittorio . Now I should be talking to Mauro Zucca ? Mauro Zucca is serving the life sentence . Hey , you . Come here .|Yes , signore ? Can I just get some macaroni and gravy ?
Barclay never did have brains enough to pour water out of a boat . And the DA has the taint of ambition , which makes him no better .|A mechanical man . A robot .
Nice to meet you , Ilka .|Ivan . Nice to meet you too .
Your Honour , the defence will not make its opening statement . But we do have a motion . We move this case be dismissed on the grounds it is manifestly impossible that the defendant is guilty .|In his deposition , Adam Link swore he did not kill Doc Link . Since he is a robot , he can only repeat information which is programmed into him . Ergo , he cannot lie . Therefore , under refutable testimony , he is innocent . Your Honour , it is true that a computer can answer only what has been programmed into it . But if it 's been told white is black , and it responds that white is black , isn ' t it telling an untruth ? No , Your Honour , a computer is capable of lying , on this score and on another , which the prosecution will take up at the proper time . Motion to dismiss denied . Proceed , Mr Coyle .
Ivan . Nice to meet you too .|Can I borrow you a cigarette ? I don 't have any .
Why don 't you take the kids down and get some Chinese ? Don 't tell me how to spend my time . If I want Chinese food , I don 't need your permission . It 's not permission . It was just an idea . You know what ? Fine , I 'll hang up .|If the trip is as bland as this phone call ... Nothing 's going on . What do you want me to say to you ? Seriously .
If the trip is as bland as this phone call ... Nothing 's going on . What do you want me to say to you ? Seriously .|Better not say what you saw , Jimmy !
Her name is Nina . Well , America ... I also dreamt about America and Paris .|But if your Nina is not happy , it 's not because of America . It must be something else . Are you maybe jealous ?
I saw you when you were making a video at the graveyard .|Somebody was going to make a video of me at my prom , but ... I didn 't graduate . I can make a video of you now , while we 're waiting for grandmother Rusa .
I 'll shove that Elvis shit right up your ass !|I 'll shove a rutabaga in your mouth , Jimmy . Keep you quiet .
My hand . No , this is my hand . This is your hand .|My hand . Your hand . Yes , yes , but gently , or it won ' t be a hand at all .
My hand . Your hand . Yes , yes , but gently , or it won ' t be a hand at all .|" See Johnny run . "
I 'll shove a rutabaga in your mouth , Jimmy . Keep you quiet .|A turnip in there . Sal !
" Run , Johnny , run . "|" See Sally run . "
We were talking about Angie .|These O.C. Pricks , especially . With their prostitutes .
I don 't know .|That a woman of your intelligence is content to ask so little from life and from herself .
What 's your name ?|You 're not giving away your name , are you ?
You 're not giving away your name , are you ?|I 'm asking because I 'm writing a book and I 'm thinking about adding you as a character .
I 'm asking because I 'm writing a book and I 'm thinking about adding you as a character .|You 're going to be the captain of a ship ... a big one !
Adam Link , will you step forward ?|Mr Cutler ?
Why is he not talking , is he mute ? That 's the way he was brought to life .|What are you doing in our village ?
You hungry ?|I could eat .
Shall we , Doctor ?|Have you a screwdriver ? Thank you .
A song ? I can sing one for you .|Can I film you ? Sure , why not ?
Are you looking at the cross ?|In our region we put it in this way so that women give birth to pious children
I 'll send it to Kamen .|Hello Kamen , it 's Petra , son . You probably don 't remember me .
You want them ?|If your enemy comes into possession of your nail or hair clippings they can make the evil on you .
Cocksuckers .|A lot of guys become soft living in America . Not one in five guys , they 're a fucking rat .
A lot of guys become soft living in America . Not one in five guys , they 're a fucking rat .|Can 't find anybody that believes in the old ways : Keeping silent . Putting the family first .
 There he is ! There 's the monster !|No , no . Help Dr Link !
Write a few sentences , put them in an envelope and ... send them to me , Petra . I 'd really love that , because ...|I have no children , God cursed me .
Together with my old man . Come on . Make a video .|Sit here .
Dinner .|I want to get out of here . You drive me to the city ?
Even dogs haven 't seen what we 've been through in our lives .|You 've children , you 're trying to figure out how to dress them up , how to feed them .
Sure . Absolutely . I have to ask .|What 's it like , working for a woman ?
OK , baby . It 's all right .|Too bad , Sheriff . Adam just cheated the executioner .
Man is stronger than wood and stone .|Sad or not , I 'm still going forward .
You were born here and your kids are raised next door .|It 's a nice thing .
Officer Shea , reporting for Plainclothes .|Third floor , superstar .
What about the kids ? They 're 19 , 21 and 24 . It 's time we all grew up . Kevin is just starting his sophomore year of college . He 'll know you stayed together , waiting for him to leave . He only cares about not losing privileges at our house on the shore . He 's so fond of his father . That 's all I 'm saying .|And Terri and Scott with their money problems and the pregnancy ...
Occupation ? Schoolteacher .|Stacy Potter the schoolteacher . Your kids are beautiful .
I like it in New York when it rains .|When it rains I feel relaxed .
Never mind .|I gotta hand it to you . Great fruit you got here .
Go get that prick ! You better run , Duffy ! You better run !|A knife ? What are you gonna do with that , huh ?
For now I will just go home , but after that ... I don 't know .|How can you not know , son ?
There you go . Who said you 're not a great conversationalist ?|Fucking twat .
There 's my little fragolina .|Hey , the customer 's always right .
Did I say you should leave ?|You know , my grandfather was Neapolitan .
Jamie ?|Billy !
Only real things . Things I believe in .|Do you have a home ? I do . What about a car ?
The island back there is called Progida .|Madonna , look at this .
Somebody knocked Kamen down with a car .|He may die .
You 're gonna march back in there and you 're gonna put that ball right where you found it . It doesn 't belong to you . It belongs to Max .|Go !
The Sibyl were very beautiful in most cases . Oh , yeah ? Got a premonition for me ?|You ?
Otokotte RODEO ni umaku Men are like rodeo horses , Tsukaware nai you ni kiduite They can be easily used GEEMU wa shuuryou ! Dato sakende You decide when the game is over ! Oshiete ageru I 'll teach you Tsumazuite mo warai tobashite If you stumble just laugh it off Hadashi de aruite mo ii ja nai It 's alright to walk barefoot Mawari no me wo ki ni shite itara Don 't let your feelings get in the way Chiisai onna de owari dakara You not anymore a little girl SHOTTO demo karuku nomihoshite Let 's drink shots and get drunk TENSHON agete ikou yo Let out all the tension Sonna koto nante onna demo ii no yo If you can do that Perfectly Yarikireba ne Then you don 't have to say girls can 't|Soshite otokotte RODEO wo And you have to ride your rodeo man Umaku nori ko nasa nakya Even if he goes wild Ikura abaretetemo Keep it good . Atashitachi ga oshiete ageru We 'll teach you Jinsei otoko to onna to soude nai hito de In life men and women were petrified Ugoite iru In that world Sonna yo no naka sonna wake de and that 's why Koi ni ochiru koto ga aru people fall in love . Otagai tanoshi ma nakya dame desho ? Having fun with each other is good isn 't it ? Ima no yo no naka wa But Now , otoko mo onna mo kankei nai no matter if your a man or a woman , Ima wa onna ga tsuyoi dakara now that woman are stronger ...
You ?|You 're no problem to read .
Really ?|And what did he tell you ? He told me one of his friends slept at his house , but that they slept on the sofa . And you trusted him ! Did you forgive him ?
You know , everybody 's their own worst enemy . So maybe your psychic power has been overrated a little bit . You don 't want to fuck her ?|You don 't want to fuck me ?
A true masterpiece .|They should show it in the schools .
Really ?|I have a question ...
Not at those price .|All right .
Let me guess ...|I bet it 's weird stuff again , like magazine 's stories , no ? Not at all !
Oh , you know , I meant to tell you , your dad called the other day .|Really ? What 'd his message say ?
They figured how to have their way without using bombs .|Oh , boy . I 'm feeling it .
Oh , boy . I 'm feeling it .|Today 's my birthday .
Really ? What 'd his message say ?|Well , it didn 't quite get to the answering machine .
Well , it didn 't quite get to the answering machine .|What do you mean ? I accidentally picked up your phone .
Shot her a while ago .|What ?
How many different ways do you want me to say I am sorry ? I don 't want you to be sorry . I want you to have not picked up the phone when my father called . What do you expect ? Our phones look exactly alike . And you never put the receivers back on the correct charger .|What exactly did my father say ? All he said was , " Is Brenda there ? " And did he seem confused ? Or angry ? Well , I don 't know what he seemed like , Brenda , since I have never met or spoken to your father before .
The girl 's name is Mari , she works in the fashion industry . Her lover , is him . The Roppungi CEO , M. Hotta .|He is not only taking Mari out , he is seeing other women .
Hello . Hello .|Hello ? Yes , Sergeant .
Papa 's ...|Papa 's on his way .
Today started of with the funeral Billy 's gold fish|We held services around the toilet bowl .
We held services around the toilet bowl .|I keep thinking I 'm gonna wake up , you know .
I remember going to Father Jack 's place right before the riots . I was looking into a shooting in ... Had to have been May . All right . Here we go . Here we go .|Someone took some shots at a police car .
Get away from my family !|Come on ... Transcript by honeybunny
I 'm not a rich man 's son . But I can drive a Ferrari . I 'm not a billionaire .|Yet I have more money than I can spend .
Excuse me , but before agreeing to take this mission , I have one last question ... regarding your past ... Yes ?|I see them . I 'll send you the pictures of the targets .
Got them .|I 'll follow them .
Beginning of June , Father Jack turns in some guns .|One of which is a Colt . 38 Diamondback .
Please .|We followed him back home , and , we saw him with a woman . They seemed to be on intimate terms .
This is a photo that Darrell Richards' mother gave the police in 1992 . Do you recognize any of those other boys ? Yes .|Can you tell me who they are ?
My first time ... It 's quite embarrassing . I take her to bathe , her skin is so fair .|I massage her , she lets me have .
As long as he understands that he is in charge .|Who comes in the organa ?
Probably from shyness .|Very gently , I part her legs .
Very gently , I part her legs .|I caress her full breasts wit one hand . My other hand slips between her legs .
See with him , he is responsible .|I want him to make a decision . I trust him , as long as he understands .
But , this being my first time . I don 't really know what to do next .|I can only ...
Have you made a choice ?|Good work . We 'll see each other tomorrow at 8 o 'clock ? Yes .
Darrell and his friends and that car of his .|He was 19 .
What do I stuff the cavity ?|Quit messing around ! Let me do it .
Quit messing around ! Let me do it .|Talk about amazing . Mom is queen among duck merchants .
Good work . Did you find something ?|I didn 't find anything in our files .
He was 19 .|He ...
I 'm looking for Hung . Where 's the bathroom ? Which one are you looking for ? Bathroom first , then Hung . Over there .|Thanks .
Never say never .|One day , you will be chosen .
Don 't go overboard .|We always go overboard . Or the client won 't be satisfied .
Sorry !|Get out of here , kid !
Is it OK ?|It 's then that me , Kumi ... and me , Megumi made our entrance . You are M. Hotta , right ? Yes . I 've heard a lot about you . Can I have your autograph ? Really ? Thank you ! My hands are shaking .
Oh ! You 're bag ...|Then , Megumi made proof of all her techniques ! Did he look at your breasts ? Yes , and then ... He was looking !
Then , Megumi made proof of all her techniques ! Did he look at your breasts ? Yes , and then ... He was looking !|And as he was enjoying the view ... Here goes the mobile !
If you looked at your mail daily instead of once a week , you wouldn 't have to ask me .|Thank you . Thank you .
We did a lot of things I ain 't too proud of . Sell drugs ? Yeah , we sold drugs .|Crack mostly .
She 's aggressive .|New guy ? He 's my cousin . He came to see me .
New guy ? He 's my cousin . He came to see me .|Is he Korean ? He looks like one . He 's a student , not your type .
He changed . Father Jack set him straight , boy . Yeah , well , in my experience , gangs don 't take it lightly when one of their members decides to quit . Well , Darrell left town before we could discuss it . Or that 's what we thought at the time . When Darrell disappeared , his family assumed he was dead . Why did you think he left town ? Woke up one morning and two kilos of my cocaine was gone . Now , Darrell the only one knew where I kept my stash . I found him and I gave him 24 hours to get it back to me .|The next thing I know , he 's gone and my coke 's gone . So I figured Darrell wanted to start over somewhere . Yeah . Well , you listen to this . When did this happen ? I don 't know , man . I mean , sometime around the end of the riots . Hey ! This meeting is over !
The next thing I know , he 's gone and my coke 's gone . So I figured Darrell wanted to start over somewhere . Yeah . Well , you listen to this . When did this happen ? I don 't know , man . I mean , sometime around the end of the riots . Hey ! This meeting is over !|I won 't allow you to question anyone from my foundation without an attorney . Hey , if you keep harassing us , I have no problem going over your head .
I won 't allow you to question anyone from my foundation without an attorney . Hey , if you keep harassing us , I have no problem going over your head .|Go right ahead , Father . Bless you , Lieutenant . Bless you , too .
Go right ahead , Father . Bless you , Lieutenant . Bless you , too .|All right , Sergeant Gabriel , please check all the emergency room records for May of 1992 . And bring me a list of everyone admitted with a bullet wound during that time . Thank you . If Darrell stole that much coke , there 's no way that Terry would just let him just drive away and disappear . Yeah , but he didn 't drive away , did he ? He was killed .
Hurry up !|We don 't have much time , hurry up .
We don 't have much time , hurry up .|I 'm going as fast as I can . And I love as well Zebra Wing . It gave me a lot of opportunities to meet people . You always have to reappraise yourself ... President . It 's time ... I have to hold him up . It 's not easy the work of actress ...
I 'm going as fast as I can . And I love as well Zebra Wing . It gave me a lot of opportunities to meet people . You always have to reappraise yourself ... President . It 's time ... I have to hold him up . It 's not easy the work of actress ...|Hurry up !
Looking good , Fung .|He 's so well hung ! They even show through basketball shorts . He stuffed a pair of socks in there . Why don 't you do that , too ? I 'm no gigolo . Why make it look so big ?
Nice to meet you .|Sorry .
Sorry .|Perfect ! Let 's go ! We won 't go with such a nice buffet that is waiting for us !
Perfect ! Let 's go ! We won 't go with such a nice buffet that is waiting for us !|Sorry .
Go for it , Fung .|You can do it , Fung .
No . Wait ... Shoot . I don 't know .|You know what ? No .
What are you doing ?|Is this a gang negotiation ? Do you want to continue in my office ? Teacher . I 'm generous , I 'll let it go .
You have spent a lot of time protecting people who have done very bad things . Now they have a chance to step up and protect you .|So , basically , you 're holding me hostage ?
So , basically , you 're holding me hostage ?|Well , I like to think of it more as sanctuary . Sanctuary .
Who else ? Must be the rich man 's son .|Is this yours ? No . Teacher .
That 's nothing , we should be destined . Sorry ?|There are 50 glasses on that table , and we chose the same glass three times in a row !
Kenyon Richards , you have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to an attorney . If you can 't afford one , the court will provide one for you . Have you heard and understood these rights ? Yes . But I have no idea what you 're ...|Pardon me .
Take this lucky charm .|We spoke a lot . He is Aquarius and I 'm Scorpion ...
We 're both adults . You are both identical ? And both from the same social rank . We are identical , that 's too perfect . I have to cool down a bit ! Ridiculous !|What ?
Now .|I said step aside , Sergeant !
How could you tell that you love him with so much backward thinking ? But what are you saying ! I know as well what love means with backward thinking .|What is it then ? It 's a love which is just under the heart .
That 's true .|And to transform it to real love , you need sincerity .
And to transform it to real love , you need sincerity .|I see , I see ...
We don 't live in a world where you get to kill people and then decide how to make up for it . Now , you know about the mercy of God , Kenyon .|But the courts can be merciful , too .
Goro , did you got something from his phone calls ?|What , you have nothing ?
There is nothing in the reciepts of his credit cards nor calls . Everything is confidential . But M. Hotta would have done secret calls . Don 't you think so ?|But how could he do secret calls being accompanied everywhere by his secretary ?
You were a minor . You made a mistake . The justice system will take that into account . But , for mercy , the courts require the truth .|Now , a common criminal might lawyer up and fight this . Start a riot to protect himself . But that 's not what you are .
I hated it .|I wore swim trunks to school to keep them in . When I grew up I realized it was a treasure . Exactly . It just stays in the vault .
I wore swim trunks to school to keep them in . When I grew up I realized it was a treasure . Exactly . It just stays in the vault .|I know what you mean . Can 't get it in .
Wait , Goro ...|What ?
Me , I think it is .|What do you mean ?
What do you mean ?|A meeting is completely controlled by the destiny .
It went off and it hit me in the leg .|I was so mad . I just was so ... I just was so mad , I ...
Let 's be friends . I don 't care whether my friends are rich . They won 't be as rich as I , anyway .|It 's hard for Jolie to be with you . People say she 's horny and hungry . She needs that giant sausage to get full . It 's all because of you , freak .
I was so mad . I just was so ... I just was so mad , I ...|I pulled the trigger .
350 000 yens . |I think it better for you .
I 'm so sorry .|Do you ...
He said that it would be better like that .|No way .
No way .|What ?
May I go speak with him ?|Of course .
Someone beat you up good .|I really don 't know what to do .
Dozens of murders .|And you were investigating a shooting with no victims . There 's not an officer on this force that would 've done anything different . You 're right .
You 're right .|I 've got a lot of really excellent excuses for not following up with a scared kid who just wanted to turn his life around .
But then ... it 's you who placed these cameras to M. Hotta place ? Yes . That Fumiko is always with him .|But she is his secretary ...
Quit looking , let 's go .|You are way too wasteful today . You 're nuts ! Why should I be paid to help others . I 'm not talking about money . She 's gorgeous , and you 're not making a move .
Are you saying that I 'm making up everything ? Don 't lose your temper , we will investigate . You agree then ? Even if it seems light , I trust Goro .|Please . We will do our best . Do you think it 's possible ?
It 's my fault . It 's just ... It 's all my fault . It 's not all your fault .|I mean , maybe I sort of subconsciously answered that phone on purpose . But I made you do it .
OK , the 23 of the fifth month ...|What ? His secretary is Fumiko ... Fumiko ? OK .
What ? His secretary is Fumiko ... Fumiko ? OK .|Fu  mi  ko 
I may have to stop work for 6 months . Mom , get some rest .|I 'll support our family .
No that either ...|Only one minute left , we have no more time .
The last combination I tried was the good one .|What was the code ? I was wondering why twice the number three .
What was the code ? I was wondering why twice the number three .|What is the link with M. Hotta ?
The first time is always like that .|You worry about ejaculation , jerk off twice first .
What is the link with M. Hotta ?|The name of M. Hotta mother is Mitsuko  .
So the first name would be ...|Masakoni  !
For a woman , the first time is worth more , But not for a man .|And you got super difficult client Yoyo .
And you got super difficult client Yoyo .|She 's here with her husband 's permission . Once , she asked me to go to their home .
Let 's go .|He was with another girl ? Yes , and she entered with him in his car .
Take her right over here .|The Ortleys have landed ! Hello . Welcome .
Crystal . Yes ?|We tell stories about ourselves to save face ... or appear heroic or virtuous to protect ourselves from the messes that we 've made , how we failed as custodians of the spark of life that was placed in us at birth . But we can forgive ourselves .
What ? What do you mean ?|She was with my boyfriend .
Birdy : " When the night is dark and scary " " and the moon is full and creatures are a flying " and the wind goes , ' Whooooooo , ' " you better mind your parents " and your teachers fond and dear " and cherish them that loves ya " and dry the orphan 's tears " and help the poor and needy ones " that cluster all about ...|" or the goblins will get ya if you don 't watch out . "
And that other boyfriend ... was Takeda .|You took them by surprise in front of the office ? Yes .
Eat this cheese sausage , here .|She really has some appetite !
But then , Mari ...|Mari ...
Wolowitz is trying to outflank us . Let out some string , add altitude , I 'll go under and cut his line .|Why wouldn 't Penny want her friends to meet me ? Focus , Leonard , focus . The heat of battle is upon us . The dogs of war are unleashed . Maybe Koothrappali 's right , maybe I embarrass her .
When we watch Star Wars , we don 't say , " We defeated the Empire . " Ha , ha .|I 'm glad to hear it .
Penny , I like all sorts of people . In fact , some of my best friends aren 't geniuses .|Like who ?
Scrimmage .|The line of scrimmage is the imaginary transverse line separating the offense from the defense .
She knew I was a gigolo and never complained .|I owe her that much . I 'll go someday .
Dad .|I 'm sorry . What for ? Nothing ! Just " sorry " ! I have to go .
I 'm sorry . What for ? Nothing ! Just " sorry " ! I have to go .|From now on , I 'm a theme park worker . When I leave backstage I 'm a performer . I must smile , enjoy this job . And provide the best service . To the clients ' satisfaction .
From now on , I 'm a theme park worker . When I leave backstage I 'm a performer . I must smile , enjoy this job . And provide the best service . To the clients ' satisfaction .|Yoyo .
Yoyo .|What are you doing here ?
You were the one to speak about fortuitous meeting , aren 't you ?|It was you , at the party ...
Don 't you have access to women who will do it for money ?|By the way , another accepted usage for the term " ho . "
We understood your double game ...|Playtime is over .
New kite .|The kite you made me lose was an authentic Patang . An Indian kite my brother sent to me from New Delhi . It took me a day to put together and two days to paint . This is Hello Kitty .
The kite you made me lose was an authentic Patang . An Indian kite my brother sent to me from New Delhi . It took me a day to put together and two days to paint . This is Hello Kitty .|Yeah , but it comes with a little coin purse . Does a Patang ?
Do you know Abson ? If I did I would study with him . And not be here . The stylist wouldn 't introduce me . Give me the stylist 's number .|My apologies . Sorry for the wait , we 're busy today . It 's okay , I 'm used to waiting . You work with Dan ? How can you tell ? There 's a look you all have .
But since the start , M. Hotta was not caring about him .|So , he was transferred .
Do you mean Abson ? I 'd like to meet him , too . He 's just a guy , no big deal . No . In our business , he is a god . Our clients like new , fresh people . But he worked for 30 years ! He retired at age 50 . That 's when we rookies had a chance . You want me to introduce you to Abson ?|Wait a moment .
I can 't afford to lose .|What are you doing tonight ? I have to go to work .
What are you doing tonight ? I have to go to work .|Would you rather work . Or see Abson ?
You too ... you have betrayed the man you were loving !|If you were loving him , why did you manipulate him ?
Have the indigenous fauna accepted you as one of their own ?|Nudge , nudge , wink , wink .
Abson is a god amongst men if he said he 'll come , he 'll come .|Come ! Put your heart into it .
Come ! Put your heart into it .|Come on .
Hello .|Move these barrels .
Get inside .|Cheeky , get the guns .
You 're huffing and puffing after a few punches . Take a break .|I 'm Fung , hello , Mr. Abson . Just call me Abson . What 's up ? Two things : I want to learn from you . To be the King of Gigolos .
There is no secret .|Buy some videotapes . The kind from the 1980 's . Watch Gigolo and Whore ll . Or Hong Kong Gigolo . That 's it .
All these troubles for that ...|Anyway , Mari promises to be an attentive spouse .
That 's good . Moreover ...|Did he take her to a date ? She promised to love him sincerely and to stop backward thinking .
I 'm happy to hear that .|Doctor . A word .
I bet he 's living in a totally different city than here ...|Sorry .
OK .|You know , she just left .
It 's my mother .|She 's in a lot of suffering . She 's had kidney disease for years . Lately , her condition has got worse .
The door .|Captain Kirchner , hospital director .
I 've told your dad . We are no longer sworn brothers . Go back and tell him that . That 's all .|Have mercy on the old guy ... Dad .
Son . I couldn 't get the money from Abson . The bastard .|Someone owes you money ? Tell him to repay you , with interest .
Please sign in first .|" Tajima , Heisei Credit Co . "
The mother drowned herself ?|No body was found . Empty coffin , huh ?
No body was found . Empty coffin , huh ?|You owe me 2 million yen .
I need to find Maria Konarska .|Yes , Dr Konarska .
Don 't die . I remember , I 'll go see your mom someday . Yes , let 's go together . I 'll go with you , together . It 's been a while since I hugged you , son .|I 'm right here , Dad .
Your request ?|Welcome .
Nervous ?|No . I can 't wait .
Why the long face ?|Come on . Let 's party ! Her mother just died .
I heard the news .|I 'm here to chase down my dad 's old debt .
We made it .|OK . Here 's where we split up .
Boyfriend 's debts ?|Can I get an advance ? I just gave you one .
Stay out of your dad 's and my business .|You want money so you can slack off ? How can you recover debts looking like this ?
You might be wondering what happened .|A year ago , everyone was against us .
Use your tongue to . Lick out this pill . You 're kidding , that 's impossible .|If I can do it , eat this glass .
Old habits die hard .|Hey , this coin 's brand new ! Could be good luck . There 's no such thing .
Enter .|You wanted to see me ?
Ah , the one that failed .|Don 't remind me .
God helps those who help themselves . Success means stimulating our androgen , Adrenaline and testosterone . Get up where you fall .|Fear , and you will always lose .
Many of your friends were killed .|Yes . You 're right . It 's true .
Inside . Get inside .|My jacket .
" Tokyo Cherry Trees in Bloom "|Mama ? Check the date .
Sorry about that night . Chris said you despised me .|At that moment , I panicked . I thought about quitting .
I 'll try my best .|Want some more ?
It wasn 't my decision .|I see .
Handsome ! Keep this up and . I 'll have to call an ambulance .|I 'll get one for you later .
Take a seat , please .|Save your energy , eh ?
I 'm going to Macau soon .|You miss me that much ?
I came back to get some money for the officials .|To see if I can get it taken care of .
Take a look . " 713 days , 13 hours " The time left before the entire Japanese economy collapses .|" Collapses " ? Know how much Japan 's in debt ? Japan has debts ?
According to our simulations ... Japan will be bankrupt in less than two years .|The big banks will fail , triggering a domino effect . What , again ?
The big banks will fail , triggering a domino effect . What , again ?|This bank , too ?
This bank , too ?|Right away . No way .
Always screaming insults , at me , my mother , anyone in his path . And he was a menace in his motorcar . Killed a man 's dog in that thing . And one night , he crashed it right into our front porch . And the next day , he always refused to admit what he 'd done .|But I did love my husband , Detective .
I don 't want to see my husband .|He 's inhuman , and never treated me as one .
You were banking on the Junction going dry so that you could open a new bar just across the town line . The Reverend and I set up some bar fights to gain favour for temperance . What does that have to do with Councilman Slauson ? He stood in the way of prohibition . We were working to convince him , not to kill him .|You had just purchased the property . You needed Councilman Slauson out of the way as soon as possible . No ... I didn 't kill him . I didn 't ... You can deny it all you want , Mr. Buck . But you were the only person who could have poisoned that gin bottle and rinsed it out .
Bertrand 's house . No sign of a flask .|Why am I still here ?
Tokyo University .|I joined the civil service . She entered the private sector .
What a horrid woman . I guarantee that woman drives more men to drink than she keeps away from it .|John . Come and have a seat , son .
Make her feel good , and . She 'll give you anything , even her life . Good take ! He 's the one .|Thanks for changing my tyre last time .
To leave a will .|Little did he realize it would spawn a colossal music industry .
Such is the fate of great inventors .|You 're saying Mom is like Edison ?
You 're saying Mom is like Edison ?|No , I 'm saying your mother is even greater than Edison . Indeed .
In high school his nickname . Was amazing .|Titan Guy . As to where that Titan is ...
Titan Guy . As to where that Titan is ...|Stop that . It 's okay , Titan Guy has a sense of humor .
" Bring on the funny man ! "|The Funny Man .
" Do you want a job ? "|" Be here in the morning , and we 'll try you out . "
" Be here in the morning , and we 'll try you out . "|Early the next morning .
Try this .|Chloe , I 'll soon be your schoolmate . I 'll be studying film at UCLA . Cool , man . But they accepted you ?
The Tryout .|" Go ahead and be funny . "
She had opened a gateway ... to 1990 , 17 years ago .|Now you understand the meaning of this newspaper .
Let 's go in and drink more . No , because ...|I feel very hot ... Of course , you 're wearing too much .
" We haven 't talked terms yet . "|" Get out and stay out ! "
Something has happened .|Like what ?
Go to hell .|You slipped her a roofie .
Without contact from Mariko , the plan is dead .|And so , perhaps , is your mother .
Why 'd you let her do it ? Why didn 't you go yourselves ? Actually , we tried .|But ... all we got were faded socks .
" Get anybody ! "|" Do you want a job ? "
Look .|What happened ? He is so annoying , he won 't let you go . So I shot it for you . I 'll put it up online tonight . I will let the world know . His gear is only one inch long .
Wait ...|So what ?
Circumference under 80 cm .|Stop sizing me up ! Your country needs you .
" Why of course ! " " All the crowds , all the applause is just for you . "|" I knew it ! "
Wait ! What have I got to do with the bubble ?|You don 't have to save the economy .
" Nothing less than a hundred . "|The Next Show .
Yeah ... so ?|If you save the economy , your debt will surely vanish .
Yes , my darling Daughter .|You didn 't tell me we had company . This is my boyfriend Fung . Michelle is Dad 's wife . My mom divorced him ten years ago .
" You 'll do it or quit ! "|" I 'll do it ; find his clothes ! "
Hello , Michelle .|Hello . All right . We 're all here , let 's eat .
Great !|Fung .
What do you want ? 2 million yen , what else ?|You mean 1,770,500 yen , right ? Exactly . Two days ...
It 's too big , I worry about indigestion . And married women like me . I 'm not qualified to hunt for prey . This Lion King here . Ignore him for a moment . And he 'll come after you for the kill . Michelle . Don 't make Daddy out as such a terror .|Mom says . My daddy is colorblind . Everything is just black or white . Like , or dislike . If he likes you , you can do no wrong . If he dislikes you , everything you do is wrong .
Mom says . My daddy is colorblind . Everything is just black or white . Like , or dislike . If he likes you , you can do no wrong . If he dislikes you , everything you do is wrong .|Fung . Don 't worry . I like you .
" You 'll get killed . "|" Oh , no , I have a charmed life . "
Brrr .|I 'll be able to return , won 't I ?
" I 've got an idea . "|" You stay here . "
Not at all . It 's professional necessity .|Just kidding .
Just kidding .|Well ? How long have you dated Chloe ? Not long .
Of the Serizawa Fund ?|Time to go .
I 'm going in to change . I 'll sneak upstairs , so I don 't disturb them .|See you at dinner . Not if I see you first .
It 's just plumbing .|Anyway , I still love you .
Anyway , I still love you .|I 'll get you some clothes , okay ? Thank you
Why not ? Well , I won 't explain it but suffice to say it wouldn 't be honourable .|You are an old dear if you think I don 't know what you 're talking about . But isn 't it up to Maw ?  It 's not what she wants .
1990 , all right ?|Yes !
Mr Brook , he 's got a new job in Salford , so he doesn 't want to renew the lease . We need to find another tenant , damn it . Don 't be ungrateful . I bless your mother every day for leaving us that house . When you have property , you have choices . So what should we do ?|After he 's gone , let 's ask for time off together , go down and see what condition he 's left it in . Then we can plan .
And what did you know ? Well , not quite as much .|I knew why they were in Switzerland , I thought she 'd left the baby there . That was the idea . Edith didn 't stick to it . And you never thought to involve me , her own mother ?
I believe you have a Mariko Tanaka staying here .|I 'm her daughter . One moment , please .
I 'm her daughter . One moment , please .|She checked in a week ago , but hasn 't returned in 5 days .
I don 't care .|I want to be together with you . Sorry . I sell a service .
I want to be together with you . Sorry . I sell a service .|To be frank , I gave more than you paid for .
Mariko Tanaka 's her name .|Don 't know her .
I 'm going .|What will you do with those things ?
Are you sure ? I 'm sorry .|I 've an agenda .
Hung . Take care of your problems .|I hear you owe millions to loan sharks .
I 've an agenda .|I see .
" Japan Inc . Plummets Serizawa Fund Soars "|What did you come here for , Kaoru ?
You are really in character !|Come here , watch the film .
What did you come here for , Kaoru ?|This isn 't the place .
That 's it . They 're coming in .|Miss Baxter .
I care about you .|If you cannot accept that I was a gigolo .
I have to clean some shoes .|Are you enjoying Yorkshire ? Well , first , we and Yorkshire have to get used to each other . But you haven 't come up against too many impassable barriers ? Lord Grantham , we both know what we 're up against . Happily , we 're used to it . Well , you won 't have any trouble with us . Lady Grantham 's father was Jewish . That isn 't always a guarantee of tolerance , so it 's a relief to hear you say it .
Are you enjoying Yorkshire ? Well , first , we and Yorkshire have to get used to each other . But you haven 't come up against too many impassable barriers ? Lord Grantham , we both know what we 're up against . Happily , we 're used to it . Well , you won 't have any trouble with us . Lady Grantham 's father was Jewish . That isn 't always a guarantee of tolerance , so it 's a relief to hear you say it .|Atticus seems to be very taken with your niece and I must say ...  I find her quite charming . Does Lord Sinderby approve ?
From the year 2007 ... to find my mother .|And to stop some announcement from bursting the bubble .
I guess this sounds crazy .|No , not at all .
Dogs barking in wrong trees spring to mind .|Tony , I 'm sorry if you feel I 'm tracking you round the country but I can 't give up just yet .
We 'd be so very happy if you 'd let us . And I won 't be if I don 't ?|I remember my mother telling me that in the end , happiness is a matter of choice . Some people choose to be happy and others select a course that leads only to frustration and disappointment . And I 'm one of the latter ? I terribly hope not . For my sake .
In any case .|She let us borrow her club for the location .
ALL : The future Lady Merton . The future Lady Merton .|Naturally , it was the last thing I ever thought would happen .
My club 's building !|Come along .
Come along .|8th floor ? That 's my cabaret club ! " Cabaret club " ?
After this happened . She has supported me without fail .|And taught me how to handle it .
Hey , how 's it going ? It 's a dance club !|What ?
My dear , a lack of compassion can be as vulgar as an excess of tears .|Ah , Daisy . Have you decided ?
Dance club !|You mean " disco . " " Clubs " have hostesses .
Shall we discuss the vices of Miss Becky Sharp ?|I 'm tired . I 'm going up . Goodnight , Mrs Patmore .
In what way ?|Mrs Patmore is buying a house up here . Why don 't we sell the London house and do the same ? We could rent it out as long as we want to work at Downton . And then live in it when we retire ? We had a dream once of a small hotel in the area .
So we spend a little more money . Money solves everything , lacking money is the real problem .|Chloe . It 's not like that . I had a client , you know her too ...
Is that a pocket pager ? Let me see ! Your name ? Mayumi . Why 'd you come to me ? Why 'd you bring me here ?|Because you 're cute .
Because you 're cute .|What ? I know a cozy little inn along the beach . Want to see it ? Wait , I thought you were going to help me . I am . Time machine , right ? I like UFOs , personally . But most of all , I like ... pretty women .
I didn 't want to spend my life in a bare knuckle fight . But somethings changed . I feel it . I may as well tell you . I 've written to my cousin in Boston .|He 's done well there and I 'd like his advice . I see .
Reincarnation is the best way to spare a life .|No !
Oh , you must put dinner on Friday into your diary .|That 's when Dicky Merton is coming with his sons .
That 's when Dicky Merton is coming with his sons .|Yes , I wonder if it is a good idea ?
The night is still young . Wait till after intermission .|Operation Butcher the Gigolo begins !
Do you know how much of my money you spent ?|Every time I screw you , you look pissed off .
Kaoru ? Who 's the girl ?|A psychic . She 's telling my fortune . Don 't give me that .
But you simply have to be bigger than that .|Is that what you think of me ?
I know a real cozy beach inn . Care to see it ? He 's a dead man .|He 's completely useless .
I 've got an idea and I 've told Mrs Hughes but I want you to know it .|I could swear the train ticket hadn 't been used . I would swear it .
I could swear the train ticket hadn 't been used . I would swear it .|What ? I saw the ticket in Mrs Hughes 's hand when she found it in the coat . It hadn 't been torn in half . It was whole . I saw it . Did you indeed ? Things have moved on , Miss Baxter . They know Mr Bates was in York on that day .
I ... I just wanted to be helpful .|We know how you like to be helpful , Miss Baxter .
How do you feel ?|Are you okay ?
Chloe .|No . Stay awake . Wake up .
I 'm going to a graduation party tonight . You 're a student ? My date canceled . Will you accompany me ?|I 'll make it worthwhile .
Please say " yes . " That 's a lot of money . Just tonight ... please .|Look here ! 10,000 yen !
Hurry ! So this is the bubble , huh ?|Know what ? Not a word about my fashion .
You were close .|Playboys .
YES .|And ...
Yours , too .|Why so many ? Why not ?
Why so many ? Why not ?|Decadent .
Congratulations ! Your prize ...|2 million yen ! What ? No way !
Get it off !|Get it off ! Get it off !
It 'd be hard to fall into debt here . Why should you ? These are good times .|Obviously . Here 's to the good life ! Cheers !
Assistant Director : Kenichi Ikeda|Starring : Rei Akasaka Kiriko Shimizu
I guess you 're right .|I haven 't had this much fun in years .
Tsuyoshi Naito Hiroshi Umeno|Yasuji Ohkubo Kenji Omata
I haven 't had this much fun in years .|I love the bubble !
Yuko ?|You promised to come by . I didn 't say I 'd keep it .
You promised to come by . I didn 't say I 'd keep it .|But I will tonight . Really ?
You have a nice ass .|Hey , where are you from ? What 's that look ? Are you bored ? Can 't you act more enthusiastic ? Here ... Here ...
I 've been on a plane ... give me a nice bed .|At least tell me your name . Or do you want me to call you 'Hitman X ' ?
At least tell me your name . Or do you want me to call you 'Hitman X ' ?|Oh ... maybe I should say ' Hitgirl ' . But you don 't look like a girl ... A woman . ' Hitwoman X ' .
That 's right . Otherwise , she 'll have her salary docked . Yes , the club always sends me . Men are much more willing to give money to a pretty woman . So I get all the dirty work . Being cute can be a curse .|We wouldn 't want this to get out . Leave her to me .
Come visit us at our club sometime !|You 're really persistent .
The other day , Mr Drewe was on the platform when Lady Mary and I were waiting for the London train . Oh , yes ? Then her ladyship and Lady Edith arrived and he got into their carriage . He helped lift their bags out but then he just stayed there .|In First Class ? Oh . That 'll have cost him a pretty penny . When the train moved off , I thought for a moment he had a child on his lap .
I should have thought an orphan rather an uncomfortable piece of baggage for an unmarried woman .|You mean a man might not want to take the child on ? Well , I wouldn 't .
So then ...|Let 's talk about business .
It 's counterfeit .|Why does it work , then ?
I 'm talking hypothetically . The fact is most marriages that fail founder for precisely this kind of reason . An irreconcilable difference .|Or maybe they just don 't get on . I 'd agree with Larry . It 's usually more than that .
You can entertain men there ... whatever you want .|Next time , I want to see you without a business proposition . Oh , the name of the target is ... Oda .
Oh , it might be different beliefs or different nationalities or a huge age gap . In the end , they cannot see eye to eye . I don 't see what you 're getting at . You mean to marry Mrs Crawley here . Well , she seems very nice and I wish you both every happiness .|Thank you .
What does your time machine look like ? So you believe me ? Don 't tell me you arrived in a De Lorean .|A washing machine .
Do you like the bed ? Are you sleeping well ?|You 're still too quiet . Aren 't you good with mornings ?
Well , if that is how you feel . I do not endorse Tom 's language but that is certainly how we all feel .|Then , Lady Grantham , goodbye .
So what 's next ?|I 'm going to confront Serizawa . He 's out ... at the Diet .
I 'm going to confront Serizawa . He 's out ... at the Diet .|How about ... dropping by my place ?
And thank you for a delightful evening .|What did you imagine ? That we would welcome you with open arms ?
Take your gun with your left hand and slowly throw it .|Slowly .
Please don 't say that .|Papa ! Larry 's been sitting in the car since he left the dining room . I 'm just coming .
Some melodies stay inside your head and never leave .|That 's true . All day , sometimes .
Make yourself at home .|It 's straight out of an old TV drama . I 've got my eye on something much bigger .
I 'm going to sleep in the dressing room tonight . I 'm not cross , I just want to have her with me .|Stay here . The thing is I 'm ... pretty sure she won 't last till morning . And I don 't want her to be frightened .
Two people who love her and each other very much on either side .|I only hope I can say the same when my time comes . Ripped By mstoll
Mama ...|The last photo I saw of her was in front of cherry blossoms .
The last photo I saw of her was in front of cherry blossoms .|That 's right . You 're looking for her .
I like a pretty girl .|Give me your smoke .
Don 't worry . It wasn 't him .|Kizaki called earlier . It 's a pass .
What am I like ?|Different .
Family ? But out run you in a month ! So exciting !|I can not stop looking in your betrothed ? ki ring ! Ray has a very good taste ! Few doubt that his mother helped with the selection !
Lente , whether you 're in the story of a waiter ? That 's why I called . There was one to replace . Her name is Marta . It is very experienced . Is it possible ? E ? turn it on ? e ? Begin em !|Marti ?
Who was it ?|Business cards do not come with a cover .
Are you curious ?|I 'm glad you 're finally taking an interest .
Hey , princess ! Do you wanna play with me ? So snooty !|Oda !
I made a fool of yourself , right ?|Well , Karnig ... Of course , I can not that story am with you until the work ? . Hi , Dorothy . I thought you were still in the ship , somewhere in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea . I was . I can assure you that it is the only reason why have not worked this out run . Young mother is very old , and my greatest friend and , and of course , shocked when the senses I 'm busy . They look luck but with my work . Yes , I 'm sure you her best . Even if you allow it ? this ... ? One to be here . Queen Mary is just a harmless old woman who loves layer cake . It appears at all ? Whose out run in whether it is a call or not . So will I know that after Nikinog out ? anja next week , You will ? be small in a cold log cabin where ? s ? work . But if it continues ? thus , But there was not ? e ? an appointment very , very long time .
Shoot !|What are you doing ?
The future , indeed .|Mariko ?
Yes . I have to report the accident in ! I do not know . I did not ... Do not move .|Unlocking unit , young lady . Edi Kellogg was the best a friend of my father . When my dad died , he took over his role . He 's my business partner and an early riser . Do ? I have a house and an hour ago . It happened some to slow . Yes , I did .
Kill me !|I can 't believe they sent a woman !
I could tell your gun was real .|I used to be a big fan of model guns . I was in ' fast draw ' competitions . I thought I was cool , but I was a kid . After high school ... I did nothing .
How do reporters get these stories ? Who wrote this ?|Arond Gold . I should have known . Versuchen about is to get into Diana 's out run last night ? . I wanted you to ? Em , Queen Mary said she saw someone How ? a ? ka cars in the parking lot . I think I and I saw it . Queen Mary 's and boyfriend trustworthy person What are these ? S all I pastries . I know , but What if crash was not random ? It could be sabotage ? A. I would say that your father to see . He loved a good theory conspiracy . But he always acknowledged when it comes ? io ! Get to work .
Arond Gold . I should have known . Versuchen about is to get into Diana 's out run last night ? . I wanted you to ? Em , Queen Mary said she saw someone How ? a ? ka cars in the parking lot . I think I and I saw it . Queen Mary 's and boyfriend trustworthy person What are these ? S all I pastries . I know , but What if crash was not random ? It could be sabotage ? A. I would say that your father to see . He loved a good theory conspiracy . But he always acknowledged when it comes ? io ! Get to work .|Need I Niki .
I forget how many years have passed since then . But I know how far I 've fallen .|Two months ago , I really killed a person with a gun . It freaked me out when I saw the bullet ... as it entered the body and shot out the back .
Come on . Hot Tea with lemon . Clare Perry . As a matter Czechs brides , proved that all fairy incorrectly not . Thank you . No , thank you What you the last night ? worried about Niki . You 're her good friend . What a tragedy ! We ? El was beautiful girl . That is ...|Is Niki occasion with your car ? Douglas was obsessive that car maintenance ? and in good condition . No ? Chance that it was defective while he was driving with out memories .
So , what 're you going to do ?|You can 't kill me with a needle : I 'd go mental and twist your delicate neck .
You wanted to see me ?|I assume you know everything ... about the girl who broke in here yesterday . Oh , that girl ?
You haven 't met the girl 's mother ?|No , I haven 't .
Ba ? and Mi ? el . Lili , What if no forest ? Llamas things ? What if someone challenged the wagon sloop , and now moving in on me ?|Your mechanic to will not know why do those who succulents canceled . This does not necessarily means that some does not want to get rid of me . Mo ? That means that we should better mechanic . Come on . Good .
Boss ! Somebody 's going to come . No woman can stay dry when I fuck her . Did you go to a hotel with Oda ?|See , I know everything . You must be more careful .
See , I know everything . You must be more careful .|Did he tell you something ? Like , maybe , who gave his order to kill ?
Hey .|Try to be a little more specific with meeting arrangements , okay ?
Feels good ? Feels great , right ? You 're going to die anyway , but I 'll make you come first . I 'm a nice guy .|A nice guy , right ?
A nice guy , right ?|What 's going on ? That 's enough .
Please , give me another chance ! I won 't mess my lines !|Sorry .
Leave Niki alone !|Mary ? Hello . Do you remembers ate with her ? era ? him out ? anja ? I have handled with cake . Spa ? Avails a cake , which is falling . You told me that you saw Higher ? man which destroyed the skillet cars in the parking lot . And I saw him . Did you see his face ?
Silent night , holy night , the stars are shining|The Madonna cradles the saviour Child , sleeping , and dreaming peacefully
Mary ? Hello . Do you remembers ate with her ? era ? him out ? anja ? I have handled with cake . Spa ? Avails a cake , which is falling . You told me that you saw Higher ? man which destroyed the skillet cars in the parking lot . And I saw him . Did you see his face ?|I can run the only thing which is worse than my sight .
Sorry to keep you . About time .|What 's the condition ?
Lent ! Lente ! There ? pi gun here ? For filling . I think someone rushes . Is the courting ? Ki mode ? No , already ? in ways that we that eliminates we all witnesses . I 'm serious . This morning , Who ? nice in my van , and I at ? I begin to think We can ? Elina death Fishy way to be on ? code Niki . Whoever did it , must will to get rid of me . Here . If they were ready to attack , Sea will not think twice during the attack on anonymous organizers , and I have asked 200 questions . Everything ? I 'm on .|Could you reduce the fire , sir ?
Could you reduce the fire , sir ?|The story alone with va ? Their business partner Evan Briand . Why do not you tell me you 've seen a molesting Niko 's car ? Because I could hardly see . But there is an older MS , we call it the Queen Mary . She said she saw someone to ruin the pan cars . Then you should only to turn to Mary , and hoped that he will to get to the sketches culprit . Did you know that we will ? Peri had zero blood alcohol content for the time of her death ? What ? How ? You are the one who poured the drink s and the evening . Ka ? Tell me , you . You 're not serious ? Ma 'am ice Kincaid , Did you know that I run in police investigations can lead to a prison fines . Enough of us retain a long ava questioning . What 's that ? Have you seen as a uni ? skillet car that night ? i ? I do not know ? What I saw . I have work to do , So , if you have some not significantly ...
It seems that we will pro ? Askat very soon .|Enjoy your meal .
Enjoy your meal .|It looks fine .
Great . Outlet is a check for NIKIN out run .|Ma 'am ice Kincaid ! What ?
Great King of who ? Nostradamus ! The seventh month of 1999 ! What happens ?|In 1999 ? Nothing , I don 't think .
Ba ? I thought I was things could not get worse , other cards in that pack ? in took me to the beginning . D ? He Neven ... again .|I win again , my friend .
It 's a shame . I won 't be able to hear you playing for a while ! They say one 's fingers are muddled for 2 or 3 years , after coming back . Pianists are outsiders on the battlefield . We artists and academics should keep a pure stance , and be the conscience of the public .|I read your thesis in a magazine . Its title was ' On Conscience ' , wasn 't it ? That thesis too had the same message , as you just said .
How disappointing . Well then ... The biggest change is the mobile . Mobile what ?|Mobile telephone .
Is this really a telephone ? It 's so small !|But it doesn 't reach my mouth .
Even my gentle thesis has created controversy in the Intelligence Agency . Is that so ?|I 'm sorry for this old gentleman , but I 'm absolutely against this war .
I 'm sorry for this old gentleman , but I 'm absolutely against this war .|But as I can 't say so explicitly , I explained how this war happened , and suggested that the public should reconsider it , thus implying this war is a mistake .
Wow ! But how do you talk and take photos ? You don 't . You can shop , too . It 's a credit card ? Email , too . And a masseuse .|Ah , that 's nice .
Find I have this cover ? near Nikinog car . No ? We in mind ? Eline accident e .|Why do not you give this to me in and day out ? anja ? I did not know that ? Whose is . Mo ? E ? Did we say and for some your record in the form application for business license ?
Now you believe me ?|I do . Did you see that ? I want to live in 2007 !
So , in D ? One ! If you 're happy ...|That 's my story of D ? Ones . Like a reminder , Karnig ...
That 's my story of D ? Ones . Like a reminder , Karnig ...|I thought that ? S the ? S friendship Prevention learn suspicion among us . I did not know where my mind .
Discard ? In your home , Not me and boyfriend .|No thanks . I 'm all right .
Sorry .|Thank you , sir . My friends call me Holt . Does this means that we 're friends ? I 'd like to . Karnig ... The reporter , Arond Gold is here . Tell him to go away , please .
Du accurate name , ma 'am ? Ice Kincaid .|This is a private event and You 're not invited .
This is a private event and You 're not invited .|Looks like my earrings speaks differently . Now he is gone ? ! Ma 'am ice Kincaid ...
Excuse me .|Are you his mother ?
Could you not treat them with more care ?|They include precious books left by my father !
They include precious books left by my father !|So ... sorry , but I am leaving .
So ... sorry , but I am leaving .|What a thing to happen on a day like this !
What a thing to happen on a day like this !|And ... this ...
Always I hear that occurs the two families . In the one where we are born , and then the one in which we are creating .|I think you will you and Ray be a great family .
Here 's my delicious chocolate . See ? whether for ? I can not resist this The men , Karnig ? I hope it will ? one day the ? and The men like Ray . Sometimes I think good they are always there .|These are highlighted words that quoting me . Look at this . An anonymous staff said that there is no nice words and for Clare Peri . Arond Gold . Are you mad at him because Clare or because some of this is called anonymous ? I can not say and how and ? expect out run Perijevih . Clara told me to attend ? Am with Aaron at the party . I was the only one . In fact , wasps ? Remember lo ? e for her . Accountants ? Ila is Niko 's Bridal account . Probably to cover their accounts accounts , and then picked up Niko 's check to replace the money . Osram found it .
These are highlighted words that quoting me . Look at this . An anonymous staff said that there is no nice words and for Clare Peri . Arond Gold . Are you mad at him because Clare or because some of this is called anonymous ? I can not say and how and ? expect out run Perijevih . Clara told me to attend ? Am with Aaron at the party . I was the only one . In fact , wasps ? Remember lo ? e for her . Accountants ? Ila is Niko 's Bridal account . Probably to cover their accounts accounts , and then picked up Niko 's check to replace the money . Osram found it .|Do I have to remind that the woman married to a billionaire ? Let me remind you that when the Women marry rich they have to earn every penny . I heard that Douglas ? Brittle money .
Later . After I leave , alright ?|So ...
Means , I have a date ! I think I have this pro ? La cool attitude who excreted men . All right !|Saves ? for landing , organizing ? I volunteer . Sorting things for cargo library . Some people can not Come in to the library .
You 're not getting her .|Who ? My daughter . Your daughter ?
Because if you understand that ? Ana as ? I mean , potentially will ? be the ? and ? women in the world . I wish ? Askam , but I have to get ready for the meeting . Meet ? I ? I got upset . I do not meet as soon . Meeting . And stop following me ? .|So much time I spent Apr ? s ? and romantic in the city for my clients , I never ceased to be in ? ivam in these moments for me . What is the best ? Oudney place either to out run ? I had one couple who was tied up during the " band ? and " jumping . Weird guy . Top APR ? Arim code " Terry . " Yes , the organizers out ? Anja have Convention and sellers ? i . I go to one this weekend . In the mountains Rejniora . Is this mountain has a restaurant ? Five stars . I do not think ? to exaggerate If reserves ? em a room there and bring you to dinner in Saturday night ? s ?
Our daughter .|I never told you about her .
I can hear the night bugle .|Soon I will be also going to bed by the bugle , thinking about you .
I never told you about her .|So how 'd you find out ? Who told you I had her ?
My ... daughter ?|You want custody , don 't you ? Wait , back up . You gave birth to my daughter ? Yes , on my own .
My belief remains unchanged . I hope you understand .|Brother !
I can raise her myself . She doesn 't need a father . So stop pestering us .|We 're perfectly happy just the two of us .
Yes ...|Hello , is this uncle 's home in Aoyama ?
What was that all about ?|Uh , nothing .
This is the part when I shot out ? I love perceptive men .|We had ? Chatted .
We trusted you .|Could you please explain These financial regularity ?
As a young girl , I guess it is difficult to give up .|But there 's nothing we can do , you have to accept your fate of having a stupid brother .
You sense something ?|Like we 're being followed ?
Stop !|What 're you doing ?
And I ba ? available ? en Smoke catfish .|For what ?
That is a bit of an oversight !|As you 've brought up four children on your own , I can guess your hardship .
For what ?|Would not you dare to ride ? your bike . My car does not stop , so ... In ? Tivo The society . This is my daily ride .
But this current situation stems from my late elder brother 's lack of strictness . It did his children no good !|That is why I often told you to be careful .
Thanks .|For protecting me .
He may have been my brother 's close friend , but in these times you should discourage him from coming here .|He is a strange man who ... declined a painting commission from the army .
You have to be on your guard with men . You 're too easy . What ?|Make sure they respect you for who you are .
Hello ? For ? I ? profane woman lady ? in . Sent Ants , Va ? Ington , 39th .|Mid fifties , I guess . I got 39 , Karnig !
I found her mother . She 's being held at the Kojimachi Police Precinct . Why the police ? She jumped in front of the Prime Minister 's car .|Mr. Prime Minister !
Mr. Prime Minister !|I must speak with you !
If yesterday you had only ... followed him , to say what you feel !|He says he doesn 't want you to wait .
Serizawa wouldn 't listen so she went to the top .|Mama . " Detainment Desk " " Detainment Desk " Released ? Yes , one hour ago ... Ms. Mariko Tanaka .
NO POLICE OR ? EMO THE KILL Niki was kidnapped .|Have you been honest with ransom Karnig or to call the police to verify your handwriting . Is kidding me ? You think I 'm kidnapped Niki ? Because ? Ego ? How ? In the same way that you 're pro ? La in addition to providing the best Trials . You 're smart and devious . Douglas ! Niki is gone . Douglas Outlet on Time for k ? Erkin out run . " No police or we 'll kill her . " This would probably returned to the old . Must have Kit ... Destroy him know if ... touched my beautiful 's daughter !
Have you been honest with ransom Karnig or to call the police to verify your handwriting . Is kidding me ? You think I 'm kidnapped Niki ? Because ? Ego ? How ? In the same way that you 're pro ? La in addition to providing the best Trials . You 're smart and devious . Douglas ! Niki is gone . Douglas Outlet on Time for k ? Erkin out run . " No police or we 'll kill her . " This would probably returned to the old . Must have Kit ... Destroy him know if ... touched my beautiful 's daughter !|Where are you going ? Someone will have to transmit ? You .
Ray , we have a problem . Do you promote ? Ment ? No ! Nipo something . Douglas and Clare ? Ele to talk with you .|Ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid that Niki sustained stoma grip . Ven run will be moved , and families Peri would ? like to take apologize for the inconvenience .
When we get rid of the girls , I could rent this place . I would kill for such a view . Dese , you idiot . ? We take money Perijevih , mo ? and ? e ? to buy ? a decent home . This is it ? Hopes ?|Who was it ?
Madam .|Mr. Yamaki has arrived .
Is there ? Ego ?|None . Let 's get out of here . Let 's go !
Please , prepare some tea .|What 's the matter ?
By ? I 'm delighted What did you do ? La to me ? aces needs .|He seems to know ? truth .
Is this for real ?|Tomorrow 's announcement is a bomb set to explode .
I felt the perfume . I think the man with perfume diddle with the car one night . Perhaps for the Holt sau ? Participant . Perhaps for both work for Gatrid ? A ? Sabotaging Niko 's car in hope of to persuade Douglas to not testify ? i . But they killed and Mi ? El . It is well known that Peri has two weaknesses : his heart and his daughter daughters . ? They got a heart attack , Then they decided or shortcut in plundering . Yes , part of a settlement with the ransom that Douglas does not bear witness and against Douglas in court .|Do Holt works for Gatrid on ? Or use his name to to throw suspicion off himself ? In any case , I have small problem . I have a free weekend to I spend with him . Tell him that you changed your mind . I can not ! Can he know where Niki is located .
He 's on the phone with Mariko Tanaka .|Mama !
I plan to shelve legislation restricting property loans .|Yes , I promise . But I 'd like you to personally explain this to the principals . Come to the Toyokawa restaurant in Akasaka tonight at 6 . See you then .
Quickly ? In . How much more you need .|If there 's a last resort ?
It 's about your announcement tomorrow .|What about it ? I beg you to reconsider .
Why do I search for the police ?|So ... why ? What are the leaked Niko 's necklace in your kitchen ! The one she wore when You are what you and Edi hotels .
So ... why ? What are the leaked Niko 's necklace in your kitchen ! The one she wore when You are what you and Edi hotels .|You 're set there . This the name ? beach bag and it 's my fault ?
I fear your simulation underestimates its true impact . I fear it will generate massive loan defaults ... and throw Japan into a recession of an unprecedented scale . The announcement will go ahead . But Sir ! There 's no time to waste .|That is all .
Bingo !|Clare will delivered to go ransom during sunset . You will ? is received . Niki will be exempt from , You will ? bring me the money ... And then ? To disappear ! Then you will ? all Life has to spend ? on the run .
Do you believe in time travel ?|Time travel ?
Karnig !|Tra ? I ? my time !
It 's in the lap of fate .|My brother goes to prison , I go to war .
Get ready ... I will not let you do that to me ruin ? this !|Karnig !
Be careful . Yes !|Good .
If it were as simple as that , life would be easy .|For my part , I 'll join the Women 's Volunteer Corps and work in a factory from next month .
I don 't know .|But I know you will think so .
There 's got to be a way in .|Tamayakko ?
I won 't eat such tainted sweets . Okay , okay .|Congratulations , congratulations !
Congratulations , congratulations !|It 's been nicely tidied up here . Very good !
Get in .|There !
No Amla I hear it . Move it !|You and Holt did you take from me to set me up . Looks like you at all thought , Clara ! Yes , Karnig . We are similar not at this point . I was not satisfied using their already heritage organization for Ceremonies out ? anja !
A special select bottle that we keep in our office .|Vintage 1930 ! To celebrate your future , let 's toast . Yuko , bring glasses .
Mama ...|Leave us .
You and Holt did you take from me to set me up . Looks like you at all thought , Clara ! Yes , Karnig . We are similar not at this point . I was not satisfied using their already heritage organization for Ceremonies out ? anja !|Now will I need your phone !
Now will I need your phone !|Clara !
I do not see it !|I do not have network in ! We 've got that behind ? Emo !
We don 't need them any longer .|I heard you 'll join the Women 's Volunteer Corps next month . Your aunt was very worried .
What 's he up to ? We 're well aware of all this .|It is our intention to see the Japanese economy collapse .
Everyone in attendance here .|You knew ?
You knew ?|But why ?
No comments .|Finally , the big day . Ven run Niki Perry , others try tea . Despite his promise affections , No sign of my maids ... Aronda Gold . Karnig , are you ready ?
Only it 's three months too early !|I know , Mother !
I know , Mother !|In short , I have to die , right ?
In short , I have to die , right ?|Oh , yes , I will die . I will die for sure .
Uncle said it 's better to die on the battlefield than to paint .|Aunt !
Aunt !|When you go back , please , tell uncle that .
You don 't own Japan , Serizawa !|You could join us ... or be part of a love suicide with this girl .
You could join us ... or be part of a love suicide with this girl .|You 're not getting away with this !
Do something .|Don 't mess with a geisha .
If you will , and this ute learn , I was planning to do ? em before .|I realized some . Mo ? E ? plan out run , but not mo ? e ? schedule love . Sometimes he appears to Neo ? ekivanijim places . As in a brown paper bag .
Ready , ladies ?|Get off me !
And it 's up to me ... to rewrite the third act .|The backyard is fenced in . There 's a fence around the yard .
This is Kaoru Miyazaki , reporting live from Akasaka . Back to the studio !|How 'd I look ?
Cezanne painted and painted , and collapsed beside the canvas .|You can paint as much as you want after the war . Don 't ... don 't give me easy consolation .
You will definitely come back !|And then become a painter with stronger powers .
I wanna say how honored we are , hosting your first concert appearance here in the West .|We thank the North Korean government for so generously sharing one of their national treasures . And we hope this marks just the first of many such cultural exchanges leading to improved relations between our two countries .
What are your plans now ?|You all right ?
We greatly look forward to tonight 's concert .|Okay , everyone , thank you very much .
My future self sent her . But why ?|That 's okay . I agreed to it .
I ... don 't mind being called a coward .|I just want to paint !
You have to go and rest now .|Ah , I want to come back alive !
I won 't ask you to guarantee it , don 't worry . Where shall I put this ? My wife will come and decide .|I promised not to touch his studio .
It 's about time . Sorry but now I need your bike !|I 'm coming , too ! They 're both my mother .
That is too sentimental . Uncle and Aunt will come here . My brother will not complain .|I know he won 't complain .
I 'm coming , too ! They 're both my mother .|Hold on !
Yeah .|Will 's fixing the VP intro . Good , since that would be his job . I 'm not sure I was clear before .
A byproduct of my research .|Why were they after me ?
To Will ?|We should discuss it .
We are drifting .|This doesn 't make any sense . I don 't like the guy . I 'm voting against him . What doesn 't make sense ?
He fell ill on board ship and was sent back to Hiroshima . I wonder if he 's alright .|Looks like it 's not very serious .
This doesn 't make any sense . I don 't like the guy . I 'm voting against him . What doesn 't make sense ?|You 're embarrassing the president .
I love this Chopin . Fooled with it myself , but could never get the fingering down . The White House photographer 's gonna get some shots of them .|Excuse me , Leo . We in the way ? You mind a minute ? Please .
That 's precisely why I have to work .|I don 't want her to struggle .
You give me back to them .|No .
We 've already met .|Mr. Uno is very interested in chemical weapons .
Mama ! Sorry I 'm late .|Here she is .
And now to the Ministry of Finance for an emergency press conference . It 's starting !|A bill aimed at restricting real estate speculation ... . has been withdrawn .
Those boys will volunteer for a Special Attack Unit , I guess .|By the way , has Tai written to you ?
No .|Freedom means choice . You must decide which is the most responsible course .
Many banks would fail immediately .|Banks ? Without a doubt .
I guess he hasn 't written a complaint about the army ?|This has just arrived .
He 's like that !|That idiot !
Keep working .|And at the end of the day ...
No .|I 'm not complaining about you .
And at the end of the day ...|I 'll go home to my family .
I 'll go home to my family .|Family ?
From today , we live under the same roof . So , let 's discuss some matters .|I will say what I think , so , please , say what you think .
You look great .|Thanks . So do you . Everyone looks great in a tux . Chimps look great .
In these days I 'm being avoided everywhere .|I 've long felt welcome here with your family , but finally I have become an unwelcomed guest . We rely only on you !
And yet , still , there 's hope .|Good night , Mr. President .
I got a call from Geneva 15 minutes ago . The negotiations are on hold .|The North Koreans didn 't like the size of everyone 's flags at the table .
Take her in closer . PILOT : OK , Doctor Martin DOCTOR MARTIN : We 'll have to keep at least two miles From the center of the column , radiation was too strong .|What 's that thing shining below ?
Really ? He found out by chance Tai was in hospital and visited him . Is that so ?|They talked about me .
Why you arrogant pig !|Nasty ... even for a Prime Minister .
Yuko Ito|Gekidan Hitori
Uncle , I will visit you to eat a big long horseradish .|Unfortunately , they are as small as carrots due to poor fertiliser .
Screenplay by Ryoichi Kimizuka|Directed by Yasuo Baba
But there is one difficulty .|The guest who 's waiting in uncle 's room .
Presented by Fuji Television , Dentsu , Toho , Shogakukan| 2007 Fuji Television , Dentsu , Toho , Shogakukan . All Rights Reserved .
Get me squadron operation . Duty desk , please .|Ellen , what did you get up for ?
Don 't " what " me .|Uncle said you should greet him .
This is Doctor Martin calling . Who is this speaking ? Sergeant Bandero . Is there anything I can do for you , Doctor ? I wondered if there were any last minute Orders on another atomic test . What do you mean , you can 't tell me ? Sorry sir , regulations . I can 't give out information to anyone . No sir , it won 't do you any good to come down . All right , we 'll see about that .|I 've got to get out to the base right away . Ellen don 't you agree with me ? I 've spent months preparing for this series of tests , And no Sergeant is going push me around , now . Well , aren 't you say anything ? No . Look , I know they 're ready for another test , And I should be there . Can 't you understand that they don 't Want you around for your own good ? I don 't need their sympathy . There 's nothing wrong with me . Then why are you acting this way ? You 're all on edge . If you don 't slow down , I don 't know what 's going to happen . You really believe that , don 't you . Look Doug , if you won 't take it easy for your own sake , Please , do it for mine .
Main gate , main gate , please .|Just a minute , Doctor . Main gate , Sergeant Powers . Doctor Kruger ? Doctor Kruger , Doctor Kruger , no , he checked out . Yeah , about 20 minutes ago . OK . Sorry to keep you waiting , Doctor . That 's all right . OK , Doctor . Will you sign out , please ?
Dears ! I don 't want these musics . Why ? They are fine no ? O.K. Before we finish singing song , put garland and get blessings|Somebody will pour anything on mum . Put the garland
Somebody will pour anything on mum . Put the garland|You 're the mother . I sang already no ? Wait
What kind of pipe tobacco do you use , Doctor Kruger ? Me ? Why , I don 't smoke at all . And you , Colonel ? Cigarettes . What are you driving at ?|That 's funny .
How long has Doctor Martin been using this brand of tobacco ? Well , I really don 't know . Why ? Well now , Mrs Martin , you say you Have no idea where he could be at this hour . Why no , he 's never been this late Before without telephoning . Well , I hate to ask this , but have you ever had any suspicion That there might be another woman ? Certainly not . I 'm sorry , Mrs Martin . Just why are you asking me these questions ? Well , let 's put it this way , has he made any new friends Lately , you know , people not in the usual group ? No , the only people we 've seen in months Have been connected with the institute .|Excuse me . Hello ? Yes , just a moment . It 's for you , Mr Briggs . Oh , thank you .
Oh , thank you .|Is she your niece ?
How do you do ?|I heard you work in the War Office . It must be hard work !
I 've given this place to Konar . You 're yourself orphans Are you having those orphans in addition ? Talk to Konar whatever you talk You Nothing doing He is there Talk there|He speaks in English . Then you might know the importance of education No need Leave . Can you tie cows in the place where the children read ? Education is important no ? Did you hear the Konar notes ? What for you ?
Victory at all costs ! Don 't waver in that belief !|Sorry , just a second . Me ?
Sorry , just a second . Me ?|He 's on the telephone .
He speaks in English . Then you might know the importance of education No need Leave . Can you tie cows in the place where the children read ? Education is important no ? Did you hear the Konar notes ? What for you ?|What ? You 're looking this place in someway . Can 't tie cows here
Such a thing shouldn 't be kept a secret .|My nephew , second grade at high school , is asking for his mother 's permission to volunteer for the navy !
I ask to give a holy bless for the holy friends to junior Vigadananda who is a head follower of Lord Ananda Vigadananda|He is not Vigadananda He is a Lire Nanda
He is not Vigadananda He is a Lire Nanda|Lord Krishna told in Sanskrit already that whenever worries come in world he would take birth Now our Ananda Vigadananda tell that in Tamil
What was that ? A report from the monitor we sent to the surface To obtain the results of your last nuclear test . Results ? They 'll take days to analyze and compute . I think you will find these figures are correct .|I can 't believe it . Where is that man ? You don 't recognize the area ? No . He is in the vicinity where you crashed .
I can 't believe it . Where is that man ? You don 't recognize the area ? No . He is in the vicinity where you crashed .|That rock was glowing . A normal reaction in view of the amount of radiation Absorbed . You have a remarkable memory , Doctor , considering the fact That you did not survive the crash . What do you mean ? The mechanism of your heart , it ceased to function . It was necessary for us to revive it . You were dead . I was dead ?
Your legs were cured no ? To happen her like that . Yes brother , bless me|Baby ! If the leg should be cured then go to hospital . We came with money from village to city in order to go to hospital only when we saw your legs were cured we had put the money in Swamy 's plate what ? Have you put money in Swamy 's plate seeing me ? Yes
ALIEN : Nothing can stop us .|You must be insane . This is ridiculous . You cannot find your way in or out of this cavern . Do not try to leave .
Only honest people suffer ; which is intolerable .|I don 't understand these things .
I don 't understand these things .|I just drift from one thing to the next .
No , Doctor , look over there .|We will use their bodies to fertilize the soil . Vegetation will rise up in abundance . A new era of civilization will begin . Gamma rays ? You see , Doctor , we have arranged for everything .
Where are you going with money ? I 'm going to put in Swamy 's plate|What if you put in plate or shirt ? Both are same Just you put
What if you put in plate or shirt ? Both are same Just you put|On those period elders told to control 3 wishes
Lie detector ? Call it what you like . You force me to resort to other methods . I will contact our space station . MALE VOICE : You are an unwilling subject , Doctor Martin . What ? Who are you ?|I am The Tala . You will listen and obey .
What have you seen or heard here ? Nothing . Repeat my orders . I will obtain the data and bring it to the stone .|Well , that 's what I did . I took the information to where they told me . I didn 't realize I was being mesmerized .
Could you at least decide the date of a meeting ?|The other party is getting tired of waiting .
Wish , Dosa , Appalam and Vada What are you seeing ? This is holy word|Tell Wish , Dosa , Appalam and Vada
You wouldn 't want to marry a man who will immediately go to war .|Mr. Tani 's son is almost certainly not going to war .
You , you don 't believe me , Colonel ? Major ?|Curt ? Of course we do . Easy , Doug , easy . You think I 'm crazy , all of you . Well , I 'm not . Do you understand ? Everything I said is true . I saw it with my own eyes . Give me a hand , Doctor . No , let me go ! Let me go ! Steady , steady , steady , take it easy . Take it easy . We 'll talk this whole thing over .
What 's the matter ?|What 's happened ?
Be strong !|Do you have wine or something ?
You 'd talk clearly and beautifully like me Tell . You 'd explain offering things . Tell the truth always Very good ! You 'd not tell these and all|Don 't loose your courage You 'd not explain offering things
Don 't loose your courage You 'd not explain offering things|He came to tell some thing finally . I became a sinner who could not hear
He came to tell some thing finally . I became a sinner who could not hear|What did he may thought ? He called me as Bangaru ! In between he died
How are you feeling ?|You can leave now , we 'll take care of her . Please , go everyone , it 's an alarm !
What did he may thought ? He called me as Bangaru ! In between he died|Keep quite . Is there Damodara Naidu ? No
Please call the main gate and try to stop Doctor Martin .|Doug took the car , hurry !
Doctor Martin ! Stop !|Stop ! He did what ? How long ago ? Right , we 'll leave immediately . What 's wrong , Colonel ? Doctor Martin , he 's on his way to the power house , Wants to cut off the power supply . Well , let 's go .
" A large enemy fleet is moving eastwards . "|Please , read it out !
Soledad Flats area ? I said , where are they ? This way .|Phone .
Next . Go on . That 'll turn the power off for 100 miles . Do as I say .|Stay where you are . Put down that gun , Doctor Martin . I 'm warning you , Colonel , come any closer and I 'll kill him . Now the next one .
Who is maintaining the credit and debit here . He is maintaining Then you see|One day or one day all should die . We have to draw a painting of you also
DOUG MARTIN : Give me 10 seconds after I cut the power . If I 'm insane , nothing will happen , And you can do what you want with me . But if I 'm right ... Now , one , two , three , Four , five , six , seven , eight ...|Over here .
How do you know ? It 's drawn He died and I 've painted .|Why should we talk about those now ? You 've drawn my dad in pant !
Why should we talk about those now ? You 've drawn my dad in pant !|If I draw without that then won 't ladies see that ? Nothing that
Has he found a way to outwit death Or has he created another ...  Deep below , Dr. Frank takes the chance of smashing His way into a new sealed vault . His experiments cannot continue without another body .|The watchman 's mind was not on body Snatchers , just his usual nip .
Here beneath the old mention , the doctor carefully Prepared for another transplant . This body had been in the vault for only a few hours . Chances seemed better this time . Still Dr. Frank was doubtful . Tissue and dead bodies deteriorates rapidly . Where were the live fresh bodies he had been promised .|He bitterly resents that every step forward Depends on the whim of the minds of a woman Brooding upstairs in her bedroom .
Are you going to work for Mrs. March too ? This sounds like a sister act .|You too ? Nina Rhodes ? Yes , sir . Anita Gonzales ?
VICTOR : Well , there 's your new home , girls .|BEATRICE : Gives me the shivers . Aren 't there any neighbors ? No . Are there any other servants ? No , but I don 't think you 're going to find it boring .
We are searching Gandhi who is missing Daily the peace in country is missing|Gandhi is living in currency by laughing well with his mouth
If we see currency we will laugh like Gandhi grandpa|Pocket money has occurred . Bring that and put in suitcase completely
Victor , the doctor can conduct the examination perfectly . What an old spoil sport I am . Have you disconnected the phone ? Can 't I depend on you for anything ? Won 't it be midnight when those girls start calling police , Employment agencies , immigration authorities , consulates . There will be no phone calls .|Hideous , she 's useless . There is one more test I should make . Do anything you what with her . The other two ? Perfect medical specimens . All right , Anita , get dress now and wait for the others .
It 's just your imagination .|He won 't die in the war .
He won 't die in the war .|But I saw it so clearly ! Clear it might have been , but it was just a dream !
This is the minute when Goddess of wealth knocks the door of entrance|If it knocks What it has finished ?
Rama Lingam ! Money is in hand . Sundara lingam ! Dosa is in the mouth|See ! The Veena is playing well . Is it Veena ? I know man This is a thing which is played by our Mandolin Srinivasan . This is Sitar in Hindi
See ! The Veena is playing well . Is it Veena ? I know man This is a thing which is played by our Mandolin Srinivasan . This is Sitar in Hindi|When you me are dancing .
Ahem , the lucky girl ? Yeah . Allow me to be the first to offer Congratulations to both of you .|For me ?
Thank you . You have stayed up for him , I 'm so sorry .|Thank you very much .
Come on . Come on .|Your room is in the basement , Anita . Nina , your room is upstairs , right Across from the top of the stairs .
Ramalingam , Sundara Lingam and both are male lions|There is only our kingdom in whole city and always
Gracias .|Thank you .
Nina ? Nina ? Come here this instant .|Yes , Mrs. March . Your name isn 't Nina . But Mrs. March she 's got polish all over her hand And I 'm not doing anything . I don 't want you running up and down stairs . Those pretty legs of yours will get ugly muscles . Send Nina to me . Yes , ma 'am . MRS. MARCH : I 'll be in my room .
The Jupiter is high and Luck came in moles . We received pocket money|We are the kings and winners always
They plotted it in secret , without telling the army . They 've even arranged to annouce it by radio , at noon tomorrow ! Who 's done such a thing ?|Senior ministers !
Money is flying . Money makes many things . This is doing more than that|Why you didn 't tell before itself ? It 's struck Catch . you 've earned are What ? Are you telling as wasted ?
Victor . Victor .|Well , you took long enough . The lawyer will see you in the morning . I told him you we 're going to change your will .
How do you know that I 'm Lingam and not Vincent ? What you 're telling like this ? I saw you on that day in Vigadananda 's meeting|I also became a devotee of Vigadananda . See !
Worse , I may even be arrested as a war criminal .|If we are all to be killed , we should fight on in Japan with all 100 million people . Wait a minute .
If we are all to be killed , we should fight on in Japan with all 100 million people . Wait a minute .|If something happens to you , what will happen to the rest of us ?
Take care of Rosemary|He is there . Is he alive ? He is Come
Bea , I was having a little night cap .|Who do you think you are pinching me ?
If so , we have to prepare ourselves .|Perhaps , we should transfer ownership , or move them somewhere else .
Our children will come back from the battlefield with no assets .|At least we should ensure they don 't starve .
Regarding Takashi 's death ... that 's just your imagination , mother .|I 'm sure he 's fine somewhere .
I 'm sure he 's fine somewhere .|He must be suffering hardship all the same .
Brother , in his lonely prison cell , may be unable to sleep .|My brother Tai , who wanted to paint so much , has finally died .
Is it enough ? Did you insult a handicap ? If your dad alive he might have scold you|I 'll come and speak with you Come , Let 's go Take care
Dear ! Now you 're stumbling ordinarily If you finish drawing this board then your honor will spread at all sides|What ? Are you telling as fraud ? Is it brush ? O.K.
If it doesn 't come to an end very soon , everyone in Japan will go mad !|" Moving on , we will now hear the opinion of the farmers .
Don 't talk worse . What is this ? You admired with me and say as worse I don 't know those . It should be clear and nice for sight . Did you understand ?|The car had hit on our painter
You better leave . Give this a chance to take effect . I 'm a doctor . I 'll take care of her . Make sure you 'll take excellent care of her , Until your plans call for something else . Or am I to be the next one , doctor ?|There . Got all the clothes ? Yes . And made my hair appointment ? I took care of everything on your list While you were talking with the lawyer . Hair appointment , Monday , 10 : 00 AM , Charles At the Ritz under Nina 's name . I 'll want Nina to model these later after I 've rested . You tell her .
I 've to speak many about Spoonerism and Cubism . Give order|No need . Falouda will be enough for me . I know who are now only
So that 's what you planned to do . Get rid of old Victor once you get all that money . The only thing is , of course , is won 't really be you .|Victor , please tell me . Try to make sense . I am telling you . Tomorrow , you 'll be one of the richest women in the world . Here 's a press release . It 's in the mails now . All the major news syndicates . Orphan girl is sole heir to March millions . Nina Rhodes has a lucky star .
Do you like modern painting or old ? Shall I tell ?|You 're coming to the point wherever we go I like that
" We have been deceived ... "|Our defeat was fault of all Japanese .
10 million people are expected to die of hunger .|They should all die !
They should all die !|The Japanese are pigs !
The Japanese are pigs !|Shameless , unprincipled , inconstant .
I 've never known what it is like to be loved for myself alone . Why did you kill Victor , Mrs. March ? Victor ?|Victor was a fool .
Unless they change , there is no remedy .|Well , if they now suffer massively , and 10 million people die of hunger , they might learn discipline . Stop it !
You singed a paper making Victor your legal guardian . That 's right , isn 't it . I did sign something , didn 't I ? That would probably work as well for me . We could stay here . None of this would have to be destroyed .|Feeling better aren 't you ? Try it on your own .
Who are you to drag down the people with grand speeches ? How dare you say that to your uncle ?|Shameless , unprincipled , inconstant .
Don 't know that what brush he used . I also asked that professor|He laughed for that told he used some Colgate brush
What about Mrs. March , doctor ? Mrs. March no longer has a thing to say . Do you , my dear ?|Completely recovered I 'd say . How do you feel .  I guess A transplant would be better . It won 't hurt .
The army , who started the war , should take responsibility . What !|Colonel !
Hello . Hi , we 're here about the apartment Advertised in The Voice . Slaughter Realty . How nice , I didn 't think anyone would be responding To our ad so soon , my name is Ruby . I 'm Lori and this is Alex .|Well , now , which one of you will be moving in ? I will , assuming that I decide to take the place . Oh , I 'm sure you will , it 's a lovely apartment , Just lovely , but don 't take my word for it , Go on up to the third floor and see for yourself . Thanks , we will .
Coming He drew without knowing Leave I won 't leave|Leave . Don 't leave . What you 're telling to leave ? I 'll fall if you leave
Just as they are , as they are .|Mother , are you content with this ? Huh ? Are you content with this ?
This is the rice the farmers gave up for the army .|You are stealing it ! I can 't live under the same roof . Stop being so conceited ! Prepare yourself for marriage .
You are stealing it ! I can 't live under the same roof . Stop being so conceited ! Prepare yourself for marriage .|How will you respond to Mr. Tani ?
What about sorry always ? Please say at least once , which I asked|I can 't . We love from last 1 week . How if you say you can 't ?
Yeah , but ... I don 't like how sure they were that I 'd take this place .|No roaches in the fridge this time .
But you 're talking like a leftist just . O.K Left|Squirrel is nearer to Lord Raman . Who is standing near Squirrel ?
This place could use another young face . Yeah , so I noticed .|Do you ever go to any clubs ?
Has something happened to Takashi ?|Yes .
Yes .|I was in aircraft maintenance , and was able to survive .
Not for me alone , this must be known those who have knowledge|Other painters put signature only . But you 're stamping by your thumb impression
Did she take them ? Why not take them ? Yuko will soon beg me to let her return .|That 's what people are like !
We can catch your painting by your thumb impression completely|What you 're talking as thump impression , stealing and catching in wrong time . Shall we talk about any other thing ?
What you 're talking as thump impression , stealing and catching in wrong time . Shall we talk about any other thing ?|Did you start again ?
Did you start again ?|It will be bore to you . Because you 're intelligent and you won 't be proud
It will be bore to you . Because you 're intelligent and you won 't be proud|But we are not like that and should know many matters .
No way . Oh , come on , Al . I 'll pay ya 50 bucks to let me move in with ya , We 'll split everything right down the middle . Forget it , Jer .|My parents wanna meet you .
My parents wanna meet you .|Well , tell them I wanna meet them too ... And then stall them for as long as possible .
Sister , you don 't have to take it so seriously .|Yes , I do .
Yes , I do .|I don 't understand the logic of it , but everyone in Japan is stunned and doesn 't know what to do .
Why are you confusing in English for this ? This is not a new technique ... It is from the period of Ramayana . How did Raman go to Sri Lanka ?|That is Hanuman . I know . Do you know ? He went building bridge only no ?
That 's not true .|I 've got something for you .
Raman took the squirrel in hand and rubbed with love .|Squirrel , which was ash in color till then got 3 lines at back and roaming till now O.K. So Why are you laughing ?
Keys to my kingdom . Consider it an open invitation .|I 'll think about it . You said that once I got my own place ... ? I know what I said , but I need more time . Let me handle this in my own way . Please ?
If this was the state of squirrel then what would be Seetha 's state ?|Leave that . We shall talk about us . I didn 't talk about that . I talked about this
It was the militarism of you people .|You say " you people " .
Girl ! Are you a song of Madonna , a model of Mumbai and image of Diana ?|Mum ! Why you 've Almoner 's body , Ajantha 's love and a speed of Anaconda ?
All right .|Whoops ! Excuse me . No problem . You must be Alex , uh , Nikki told me about you . I 'm Roman . This is my girlfriend , Lori . How 's it hanging , Lori ? Fine , I guess . So , what 's your angle , Alex ?
Is that your girlfriend I saw you with earlier ?|Probably .
The sight is like a mixer and party is too sexy|You 're a crane , who came in water to hoe a fish .
You 're a crane , who came in water to hoe a fish .|You make me kick touching my body all day
Are you saying being a colonel is too small a crime ?|You 're clearly one of those who provoked the war .
Uh , sure , I guess . Great , how about tonight ? Well , uh , I have to work . No problem , I 'll fix something that won 't spoil . Catch ya later .|So anyways , she starts ... She starts making this big deal About how I blow my nose , she 's saying ... she 's saying , " You blow it too hard , Jerry ! " You blow too hard , you blow that hard , " You 're gonna pop your eardrums and everything like that . " I said , " No way , I 'm not gonna blow ... blow my eardrums . " I gotta blow my nose hard before anything can come out , right ? " Right . So , I told her that and she says ... she says , " No , no , you 're gonna hurt yourself , You 're gonna hurt yourself . " Then she gets right down to the real heart of the matter . I knew there was something else . She says , " It 's too loud , Jerry , it 's too loud . " I said , " Oh , that 's it , huh ? " Well , I 'm gonna blow my nose any way I damn well please " And if you don 't like it , you can just ... " Hey , are you listening to me or what ? What ? What am I , talking to a zombie , here ? Only if Nicole practices voodoo as well as she does fellatio . Has the floor whore been keeping you awake at night With shuttering cries of exaltation ? Bloodcurdling screams is more like it . Ooh , she does not sound like Any of the girls next door I ever knew . And her cleaning habits are as strange As her mating habits , you know what time she chose To take out the garbage last night ? Relax , Alex , relax . Lori 's gonna come around sooner or later And your own bed 's gonna go bump in the night . Don 't expect me to dream when I can 't even sleep .
I 'm the secret energy boost and all|I 'm the cause for you to become a complan boy
There is no need for zip for the lips to join together|Is there any difference if I sing ?
Only a colonel !|Please , get out .
Is there any difference if I sing ?|Girl ! Are you a song of Madonna , a model of Mumbai and image of Diana ?
Certainly is potent .|I gave up acid after Lizzy gave me My first bottle of this stuff . To Lizzy 's father , wherever he is .
If I keep my hand on you like a keyboard|My body is a musical tune produced by that
Mum ! Why you 've Almoner 's body , Ajantha 's love and a speed of Anaconda ?|Girl ! Are you a song of Madonna , a model of Mumbai and image of Diana ?
Listening to Lizzy 's crazy stories Is the price you have to pay ... If you want your share of the old man 's wine .|Ah , excuse me . It 's no problem , man . All right ... take care . Let me know if you need anything . I will .
We have to catch up !|From now on , it will be a world for the people . What a great job !
Hey ! The body is like a gypsy car and sight speech like Pepsi|The sight is like a mixer and party is too sexy
We wish Father could have seen this , Mother .|You are the one who stuck to Father 's principles .
Isn 't it seems to be a loving girl calls her lover as lover ?|See ! There is a yellow color in between . Two girls love a same person
Better get going . I 've got a lot to do if I want tonight to be a rousing success . Okay , see ya tomorrow !|Hey , Lori !
Hey , Lori !|Good luck !
You didn 't let me know you were coming , either .|Oh , no , I didn 't foresee it .
Oh , no , I didn 't foresee it .|You 're lying . You always do only what you like .
I 'll tell you ... for a dollar . I don 't think so .|Come to my parlor and we 'll talk . A dollar 's a small price to pay ... for a soul .
I 'm married . That 's the best I can manage .|The same old excuse for running away .
Watch your step , dear . Your eyes probably aren 't as good in the dark as mine are .|This is it , the legacy of Zachary Devin .
It 's habitable , I suppose . Don 't believe him , it 's charming .|Have you been scouting any agencies yet ? I don 't wanna work for an agency .
Have you been scouting any agencies yet ? I don 't wanna work for an agency .|As soon as your commercialized art becomes a product Instead of a statement . Yeah , well there 's nothing wrong with being commercial . I mean especially when so many young artists In this city are starving . Before this goes any further , I have an announcement to make . I 've decided to move in with Alex . We 're gonna live together .
I yelled at them that you were coming .|Then , they started placing the bets .
You paint it Am I painter ? You 're the painter Did I tell you to paint Ajanta painting ? I told to paint shelf only . I 'd take bath . If you paint after bathing then it will fall on you|Before you finishing all can pour oil and enjoy Deewali itself you paint it .
A married woman , coming to fulfill her perverse fantasies !|You , you were also laughing !
Before you finishing all can pour oil and enjoy Deewali itself you paint it .|He is here . What he is doing ? He is painting is he painting ? You go I 'll come yes He is painting Move . What ? I 'd see
You go No you go|Come Is what I 'm seeing dream or real ? It is paint
You know who I am . Well , what 's your name ? Nicole . No . Who are you really ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Well , then who 's this ? Gimme that . Not until you tell me what I wanna know . All right , my name 's Lisa Holt . Satisfied ?|No .
When did I start acting ?|Now , the camera 's running Everybody 's watching me
Now , the camera 's running Everybody 's watching me|Eyes , countless eyes , are watching me
No .|Who was she ?
Who was she ?|Previous possessor of this body . What happened to her ?
She went away . Why ? Because there 's only room enough for one of us And my time had come .|You 're one of the people who committed suicide In the cellar , aren 't you ?
You 're one of the people who committed suicide In the cellar , aren 't you ?|Yes . Why did you kill yourself ? Because Zachary demanded it .
Tell again . I can say 1000 times also if you ask . There are 2 mangoes in 1 shot|You came at first to my home . Can you eat anything ? No need
It 's since then ...|The clouds are darkening It will rain .
The clouds are darkening It will rain .|ASAOKA Ruriko KIMURA Isao HARADA Yoshio AKAZA Miyoko INANO Kazuko KUSANO Daigo KODAMA Taiji MINEGISHI Ryunosuke KAWAZU Yusuke
Yes . Why did you kill yourself ? Because Zachary demanded it .|And when will Zachary 's time come ? When you 've gone away . God almighty .
Thank you .|Now , don 't be afraid . I want you to open your mind up to me , To give me those thoughts which I cannot take on my own .
'You think it 's only one of my whims !|But I assure you I 've really got no voice anymore !
I thought bout you now only . Don 't tell .|Before you finish saying I will complete
Before you finish saying I will complete|You 're a big painter . What , you 're painting for shelf and all ? Work for work . I 'll tell work for work for work and shelf also becomes white
Shades are a nice touch , Alex . Your eyes bothering you ? Leave me alone . What 's with you ? You 're walkin ' around with a chip on your shoulder That would cripple most people . None of your business . What 's your hurry , Alex ? Out to meet your dealer ? Or are you handling them and the business , too , these days ? You don 't know what you 're talking about . Oh , no ? I know that people don 't change over night Unless they 're doing some serious shit . I 'm not on drugs . I don 't believe you . I don 't care what you believe , get lost . No , I won 't ... Don 't touch me !|It 's those neighbors of yours , isn 't it ?
What can I do ?|I 'm a little bird , raked , and without wings a rabbit that can no longer leap !
I 'm a little bird , raked , and without wings a rabbit that can no longer leap !|I ... "
I ... "|Step aside !
I 've another appointment . Another appointment ? Can 't you change for me ? It 's money matter . I spent it . What are you telling now ? I 'll come by 8'o clock|Don 't you change ? I won 't change with promise on paint .
For once , I like the director '|Is it about the money ?
Is it about the money ?|" I 've never complained about money . ' That does it !
No need of 6'o clock today . Can you come by 8'o clock ? You can 't Why ? I know . You 'd roam with Janaki . Who is that Janaki ? Who is that Janaki ?|Who is she ? Don 't act Who is he ? Don 't act
The morning classes are over , miss drama student !|Exquisite
You say younger dad of Paryati is Lingam hearing Sivan story full night|He is Lingam who cheated us . Did anybody call me ?
He is Lingam who cheated us . Did anybody call me ?|Why are you calling him as Lingam ? Why I 'd not call him when you call him as Lingam ? I can 't understand anything
Don 't you understand ? This is because me and Sundari , you and Janaki joined|You 're the painter in these no ? You 're having brush in hand . He is also having He is having in mouth . Who is painter in this ? Then what about you ?
A glittering sea .|An ardent sun ...
And the sun glasses !|All wrong ! I was thinking about my childhood !
What is this like a calendar painting ? I don 't want . It 's not for you|What are you doing ? What is this ? Go
When I lost my voice because of diphtheria|The glasses , it 's the teacher who took me to the infirmary
What are you doing ? What is this ? Go|Do you know ? I sold paint like this only . Is it ? You 're creator and I 'm cleaner
Come on , get out ! I have to change|If you 're so sick as not to be able to speak , it 'd be better you stayed in bed
Oh , I guess we can rule out social disease . Shut up ! You need help , Alex . Get out of here before I forget you 're my friend .|My God , will you look at what 's happening to you ?
That feels so good .|Careful .
He didn 't leave a forwarding address ? He didn 't leave anything , including the rent . I thought that kid was sort of strange . And he seemed like such a nice young man When he first moved in . Maybe his girlfriend knows where he is . If she does , she 's not talking . The poor kid 's devastated .|You know , I couldn 't help but notice Just how nice that upstairs apartment is . Will it be available soon ? Are you interested , Detective O 'Bannon ? Call me Irish . The neighborhood will be so much safer With a police officer living in the building .
TAICHI Kiwako SUGA Kantaro|HAYANO Hisao NAKANO Seiya
It seems there 's no taxi .|Who could guess there 'd be clients on such a day ?
But from today 2 sister in law 's also added See the shyness|What , you 're without sighting taking to beach , cinema separately and talking in between children ? See the shyness there
Or that great star ISAKU Makiko come in this town ?|You still want to wait ? Let 's get back with the same plane !
LAURA : Oh , yeah ! Oh , yeah !|That was the best sex I ever had .
KLKG invites you to sit back and enjoy the Laura Reynolds Show .|Good morning , folks . This is Laura Reynolds coming to you live From the middle of nowhere . I 'd like to welcome you all to another exciting hour Of talk radio . With us today , we have the dean of our esteemed community College , Dean Kauffman . Good morning , Laura . As always , I 'm glad to be here . And we 're glad to have you again . So what 's new at our ever so glamorous  ? We don 't say  . It 's community college . Hm . Mondays we have the art show . And Wednesday we have the music . And best of all , Fridays we have square dancing . That 's fascinating . This is all fucking bullshit . You know what , folks ? I can 't hide it anymore . I 'm sick of the dean , the college , this piece Of shit radio station , life . I 'm even sick of you , morons , because I know the truth . None of this shit matters anymore . None of it . You may wonder why that is . Because mankind will be extinct within the next 72 hours .
Ask as where are you ? I was in San Francisco in the morning . Now at Chicago|Another important matter than this is I 'm coming madras a day in this month
I was born here .|I thought you were from Tokyo !
How is that boy ? He is very beautiful Are we with ears and neck alone ?|Is he having money ? Is he a rich ? He is asking that you 're a rich . Tell the truth I can 't say truth Say the truth you speak
Well , I must have got it wrong|It 's been a longtime we 've been friends
Oh , yeah , he 's got a gun . That is bullshit , and you know it . Man , my lawyer is gonna be all over you two . You two are so dead . I can 't wait .|Look , Cage , I know the fucking guy was annoying , but ... You know , we need another frame gun . Did you bring it ? No .
 And he walks with me and he Talks with me and he tells me ...|Whoa !
What you 're saying as Swamiye Saranam lyyappa seeing Murugan ?|What if it 's Subrmaniya Swami or gopal All are Swami only Ramasami also Swami you 're confusing . My work is confusing only . I know that only What I can do if tells as don 't do that too ? You 're too worse
He 's raving mad this very minute|I had a date with him .
Go . Do anything immediately . What ? What happened ?|I dreamt a bad dream about our daughter . Is it about spoil of our daughter ? I think that she didn 't go till that limit . My dad Murugan came in Varadachari 's image
This is Varadachari only How do you know that I 'm speaking ?|I know What is the matter ?
Yes .|ARIMA Ineko TSUKIOKA Yumeji KUBO Mazuruka ITO Go KANEUCHI Kikuo MIKI Toshihiko HOSOKAWA Toshiyuki
Could you , please , send my agent a medical certificate ?|He refuses to believe I 'm sick .
Your daughter Janaki who is reading in Madras|She is roaming with some body . That is it no ? How do you know ?
What did you see ?|My husband , it was my husband .
Go give a telegram urgently to Janaki as Paryahti 's health is worse|Sister was fine no ? Wait I 've one doubt What ? Janaki is improper
Sister was fine no ? Wait I 've one doubt What ? Janaki is improper|She loves somebody . Is it so ? How do you know that ? If Murugan for you then brain for me . That 's security Singaram . Do you know ?
'There ' ? Where , exactly ?|At my house
She loves somebody . Is it so ? How do you know that ? If Murugan for you then brain for me . That 's security Singaram . Do you know ?|Go . Go and give telegram . Why uncle is so hot ?
Tell me what you 're feeling|You must be feeling something
It 's only now that I find it strange|No , you must have felt something
Ew ! Man , look at his face . How did you know ? The gym and the locker rooms are across the street . Besides , he 's just fucking annoying . Look at this . He turned from normal looking human to this shit . What are we dealing with here , man ? I don 't know . That sure ain 't natural . Maybe supernatural .|Well , let 's go .
Go to school , get an education ...|This is not the education that I had in mind . Oh , I knew I should 've went to the university . CAGE : Look , we can beat these guys . We can take these guys out . All we have to do is get  ... Daddy ! Buddy , is everything OK ? I thought I heard something . No , that 's just daddy doing his job . Jeffrey , if you 're ever in trouble , This is the house to go to . Can I go there now ? No , Jeffrey . I think it 's time we end this now .
Is his words also blocks ? Poor , orphan and handicap also See here !|If you marry him then you won 't get single paise from my wealth
KAZUMORI Shoko is a star , a high value ware .|And you intend to destroy everything ?
He 's always around me|Now , as well as the other times
But we 're only talking about a dream , and nothing more|MINAMIKAWA is even present in my dreams
The government doesn 't know exactly what to do about them . If they were to announce it , it would Strike panic into the heart of every citizen in the country .|Their big job is to get out of office without a hitch . Not be part of a national disaster . Americans couldn 't even handle the broadcast Of " The War of the Worlds . " Imagine what would happen if the President of the United States Came out and said , there was a new breed of man , And it was as evil as anything in this world that comes .
I 'd put one . Balance my sister should out no ? Is that sister ? Where is your sister ? I don 't have sister . I 'll beat you I didn 't tell you You 're a king of words|What you 're telling postponed it tomorrow now . We bought milk fruits Fruit will remain same . But milk will become old thing What ?
What you 're telling postponed it tomorrow now . We bought milk fruits Fruit will remain same . But milk will become old thing What ?|He is shying . This is 1st time no ? Did they like us ? Dear ! Come soon
Why they are laughing ? Didn 't you see in film ?|Friends would laugh thrice while sending for first night you can go
You don 't feel anything watching them .|How intimate were your husband and this young woman ?
My father died that day , didn 't he ? His body couldn 't withstand the damage the zombie had done , But he lived for two more days waiting for someone to come . No way . No ! Jeffrey , it wasn 't your fault . You did as you were told . There was nothing you could have done . However , Jeffrey , there is something that you can do now . What ? What ? Tell me . Anything . What ? You must find the current Lord of the Zombies and kill him . I think you know where to find him . Just as your father did . Look , I am no where near like my father , OK ? I mean , I 'm not like him . I ... I know who you are , Jeffrey . Redeem yourself . Those of you who love your life will lose it . Whoa , whoa , wait . How do you know what nobody else does ? Wait . How could ... oh .|He left . He 's gone . Things just got a lot more complicated , didn 't they ? Hey , look . You ladies stay here , OK ? You 're gonna be safe here . Safe sounds damn good to me right now . Cage , we 're just wasting time if we stay here . Well , you know , Jeff , I think it 's a good day to die .
They are caressing one another .|That 's how men and women express their love
We had put pin . If some body touches the pin then I 'll beat well . You go dear|Why you 've switched on ? This is men 's mind . You can switch off
Why you 've switched on ? This is men 's mind . You can switch off|Why did you laugh now ? This is for you . Great adults only children
Oh , no ! Look . Look , Master .  . It 's the prodigy . It ... it ... it 's the one who was sworn To ... to kill the ... the new leader of the master race . Ooh . Ooh ! Oh ! Master race ? You call yourself the master race ?|We are so much more better than you will ever be . We are handsomer and ... And ... and the color of our skin Is much more pretty . Really ? You cause chaos . You thirst for blood . Don 't call yourself mankind , because you ain 't worth it . And what have you done with your life ? You 've murdered people . You 've raped women . You robbed people . You 're a bastard .
Our Janaki wrote a letter that her husband got a big job in big advertising agency He is earning too much of salary|Laila will sight lightly
Oh god , you  .|REPORTER : Wait . Wait . I 'm getting something .
My heart will beat at a high speed as Lup tup|She will sight with left and right eyes
Jeff ! Oh , no !|I got him ! I 'm the guy that bagged him ! I 'm famous ! You stupid fuck . Jeff ! Oh my god ! Oh , no , it 's gonna happen all over again . Oh , no ! God !
Well , you little fuck , how 's you like to look at yourself ? You 're nothing but a nickel dick I wouldn 't Even give a squirt of piss for . So you know what ? I want you to just just sit back and relax . And we 're gonna take real good care of you , of you , Cage . You and the psychiatric department . And I 'm gonna see you put away for a long , long time . Get in .|Get me outta here . Let 's get the fuck out of here . Get out of here !
Laila will sight lightly|My heart will beat at a high speed as Lup tup
Can 't a steel sing guitar come thinking that my finger 's nails will play it ?|Can 't a happiness arise if we stand in snow daily at night ?
Strange . We can only see a small part of the island from this spot , But yet you can feel lack of welcome , Lack of abiding life , eh ? Yeah , I felt the same when I came here To water rescue your first team . I not only knew that they were gone , But that they were lost completely and forever , Body and soul . Please , lieutenant , Some of those men were our friends From the same institute . Sorry , miss hunter . I 'm not so sure you are right , monsieur quinlan . Maybe their bodies are gone , But who can tell of their souls , eh ? Maybe if I call to them they will answer ... Their ghosts will answer . Mclane ! Hello !  Hello ! Mclane !|Where is the house , lieutenant ? Well , you can 't see it from the shore . It 's back in the hills at the head of that gorge , Just hidden in the cliff . How fitting . Might as well have a look at it . Well , they 're coming in With a second load of supplies from the plane . Now let 's set right up .
She will sight with left and right eyes|My song will be formed saying as love
You went a little too far ...|When I think at what we did , it almost feels strange
She will sight with left and right eyes|My song will be formed saying as love
Oh , excuse me , doctor . That 's quite all right . Just call me martie . Okay , martie .|You know , the Navy boys really fixed this place up . I 'm almost gonna enjoy being here . Yeah , you 'd never think It was a complete wreck a few months ago . If you want to see a wreck , take a look at my back .
I don 't really know very well anymore|Surely , a too big gap between our families
But this Paramecia won 't respect him Prestige is most important to me you understand that . What are you ? She is keep on writing from 6 months|Though we didn 't go and see , we can send a reply letter no ?
And he ?|He died .
Though we didn 't go and see , we can send a reply letter no ?|Why are you crying for this ? All dads will be like this at 1st . All will be O.K. in future
How it will be O.K ? I 'm keep on writing letter from past 1 year|But I didn 't receive reply for any letter . You don 't know about my dad
" Thursday , march 11 . " Today Dr. Ben Diaz ' culture failed to produce " Any sign of bacteria " Though left for five days in the open . " Friday , march 12 . " This afternoon , Professor Carter found " A large piece of flesh having the same composition " As that of the common earthworm , " But measured 24 inches by 8 . " With this section as a measure , " The wormlike creature would be more than five feet in length . " Most intriguing is the tissue 's consistency . " It proves impossible to cut . " Knives passing through the flesh " Leaving no mark . " Fire was applied to the tissue , And the cellular result ... "|The journal ends there .
Someone 's watching me|I 'm sure ! I 'm being watched !
What are you saying ? If a baby is going to What going to ?|1 year is passed from your marriage no ? You write a letter that baby was born already
It 's you who has laughed !|You 're mocking me !
What 's the matter , Carson ? Come up the path ! We 'll meet you ! I wonder what 's the matter . Come on , martie .|Oh , hold it . That Ridge will drop right off . Off what ? Come . See for yourself .
Yes ...|Such eyes ...
Martha . Awake . Martha hunter .|Awake .
I 've made a mistake . It 's too many since child had taken birth . I 'm a great sinner|What are you talking ? What then ? Did a baby take birth ? A grandson only born to me . I 'd not say that Would not you at least tell ? If I became grandpa then you became grandma
What are you talking ? What then ? Did a baby take birth ? A grandson only born to me . I 'd not say that Would not you at least tell ? If I became grandpa then you became grandma|Go . Go and write reply to Janaki O.K.
I 've won my bet !|You 're here .
Mclane ?|Martha , come to me .
Help me .|Martha . Martha hunter .
He will go to city on 16th|There is a bang law named Noor mahal in Mahabali Puram road . They can hire that for film shooting . We take that bang law as hire for 2 days
There is a bang law named Noor mahal in Mahabali Puram road . They can hire that for film shooting . We take that bang law as hire for 2 days|We can take car , furniture and all for hire . I 'll arrange
Did we plan to go Madras on 14th and see our grandson or not ? Yes|Murugan came in dream and told that no need of 14th . Go by 13th itself
He went into the pit . I saw the rope go slack . He must 've fallen during the quake . I warned him . Carson !  Can you hear me ? Are you alive ? Dr. weigand ! My knee , it 's broken ! We are coming for you ! Don 't try to move ! No , Jules . But we must go down to him . Not this way . The rope may be too short . Then how ? Through the caves . The great caves to the sea . But how do you know the caves connect with the pit ?|Gentlemen , for reasons I have guessed ... Dr. Carson also ... These caves must join the pit , Because the pit was created from below , Not from the surface . Dale , take Martha back to the house . The rest of us will look for Dr. Carson .
I 'm sure I 'm being watched|No ! I heard them laughing !
Oh ! Oh , I thought you were the boogeyman . I thought we heard a girl screaming during the quake . Did part of the cliffs fall away into the sea ? Part of them ? Well , it was pretty dark where we were , But it looked like the whole island Was coming down . The boulders almost crashed us in the tent . The whole island , yes . We must go faster . There is very little time .|Little time for what ? That is Dr. weigand 's small secret . Let us catch him and find out .
Put out the lights .|There 's light ahead . It 's coming from the pit . Carson , we are near you ! Quiet ! Come quickly .
You 're mocking me !|Yes ...
Do not call to him . Why not , doctor ? Blood . Where could he drag himself ? We will not find him tonight . We had better return in the morning When there is more light . I don 't like the idea Of leaving him here all night with a busted leg . Nor do I. Up the rope ... quickly . We might as well go back through the caves . No ! Up the rope . Dr. weigand ... You are a great nuclear physicist While I am a simple provincial botanist . But there are things I do not understand ... There are many things that I do not understand also , Jules . You had better climb .|Our tent 's just outside the cave . We don 't have to go up the rope . Up the rope !
Our tent 's just outside the cave . We don 't have to go up the rope . Up the rope !|What I was afraid of .
In my arms|I feel embarrassed .
I 'll try better than that money which is got by selling dog is barking give|A useless group . That man is going to come trusting this from Chicago .
Do you think you can fix it ? Fix it ? We 'll need a whole new outfit from the bottom up . You have parts ? Enough to build a new one ? I don 't know . Why do you suppose it didn 't come through the door And get us , Karl ? I don 't know . I can only guess . It would take considerable power To keep the intruder behind this door . There is power in the lighting in the living room . You mean it 's afraid of electricity . I think so . Have you any other ideas ?|Once upon a time , there was a Mountain . Hmm ? Yesterday , when we came to this island , There was a Mountain out there . Today there 's no Mountain .
I was thinking I 'd use the situation to meet you Who 's " he " ?|Are you Mrs. NOSE ?
Don 't forget . I 'm going .|All would be ready when your dad comes . I 'll pick up dad and come there O.K. What happened to baby ? Why do you worry for that ? I told that I 'll arrange that today itself no ? Is it no ? Why ? What happened ?
Whom do you think I 'm jealous of ?|ISAKU Makiko . She had an affair with your husband
Thank you , Martha . I could use some sleep .|Merci , madame . Je voudrais presenter un inspection .
It 's long gone . He has married me since|You can also be jealous of KAIDO Akiko
O.K You go and arrange a baby . I 'll go bus stand and receive Lingam|He is coming from Sivakasi today . I 'd teach how to act when my dad comes
Now she 's shooting with NOSE , with whom you used to team up|Now I 'm beginning to understand why you have brought me here
Now I 'm beginning to understand why you have brought me here|It was 17 years ago , in full summer , under scorching sun
Bet you ten .|Okay , I bet you ten And I 'll raise you ten . If you 're not careful , you 'll raise us both 10 feet . What 's the matter ? Nervous ? What do you mean , nervous ? Okay , what do you got ? Three queens .
You 're kindling . She went in car searching you|How would she know that we are coming today ?
It 's here that you bathed .|There were no bikinis then .
Professor deveroux .|Who is there ? Seaman Ron fellows . Sam sommers . We found Dr. Carson .
Who is she ? They told that fatty 's mum died . Did you see ? He knew all He remember my mum 's death . She died before 10 years|It would be nice if she do this marriage What you ' re ?
What does it mean , doctor ?|He is dead . But he spoke , Karl . This supposed to be a ghost story ? No . No , I do not believe in ghosts . We are dealing with a man who is dead But whose voice and memory live . How this can be , I do not know . But its implications are far more terrible Than any ghost could ever be .
But , of course , you were here also , somewhere around there|You had brought me here , after taking me away from that shabby theater ensemble
How good you 're ! I made mistake in old age by corruption of mind|Is this an age ? She is fine no ? These are all common in America no ?
I killed it . Yes . By the sheerest luck .|Why didn 't the grenades hurt it ? Remember what the journal said about the worm ? Yeah , that a knife passed through it like water . The stone penetrated its brain or motor area ... Or whatever keeps the thing alive . I think if we remove the stone , the crab will return to life . Oh , let 's just leave it be , huh ? We will bury it .
Rummy worry is for you come Come dear|How re you ? Do you know Janaki ? What he is asking that we know Janaki ? Can 't understand . I can understand . On that day I sent out his girl no ?
You have destroyed mclane and all of his party . You have destroyed them and tried to destroy me . This , mes amis , was one grave mistake .|Well , doctor ...  This is ridiculous . Molecular structure of this crab is entirely disrupted . There is no cohesion between the atoms . I don 't understand . Nor do I. Apparently we have one of those biological freaks Resulting from an overdose of radiation poisoning . The way to explain it is ... Look . Electricity . The free electron in the copper atom breaks off To circle the next atom , Taking the charge along the wire . Do you follow me , Hank ? I think so . The free electrons jump from atom to atom Along the copper at the speed of light . I remember that from high school . Yes , atom to atom . Well , something like that has happened to our crab . But instead of free electrons , The crab has free atoms ... All disconnected .
Do you regret becoming an actress ?|It 's been too long now . It seems like I 've been doing this since I was born
What he tells is correct . He used to say Dad Muruga always|Is your dad Sundari 's also ? Is there a big difference between 2 children ?
I understand . As a matter of fact , I also didn 't know it !|Until then I thought you were the reason
He is using the dynamite . We must hurry .|You 've already lowered the electric eyes into the cave ? Yes , you must place them Either side of one of the upper caves . The lower caverns will be flooded by now . Use the underwater channels to the ocean as you escape . We 'll try to attract his attention from up here . Take care , honey .
Yeah . Unless , of course , you found that special someone .|Found him yet ?
Why do you ask ? Because I ...|Behind that wall !
How do you know that ? Don 't I know what happens in this home ?|Who is this , mam ? Did you speak without knowing this ?
She came from Nagapattinam who is like a priest|I thought then itself to tell you . But I forgot . What uncle ? you had put a watchman at entrance He speaks Tamil well
The answer was in this balloon !|And it was floating in the pool I had made my debut in !
Baby has gone for walking . Didn 't the baby speak which grown which can walk ?|What are you telling ? Doctor told to take that for walking daily . So servant took
What they 're saying about you and NOSE|Wasn 't it you saying that scandal is an important accessory for an actress ?
This woman 's convinced the rumors are true|For her , it 's a real drama
Mom 's worried about you .|So am I actually .
Dad wouldn 't get you the shin pads all the other boys had . So you stole them . We found them .|You expected a bollocking , instead Dad walked into the school , told yourteacher you couldn 't play on the team , that you didn 't deserve to represent your school .
Kyoko !|Who was it ?
The man we saw by the sea today|What does he want ?
Don 't say as idiot Valli . Say as honorable Valli . My husband !|What I 'm seeing is dream or real ? I don 't know those .
And the silence .|We all talked in whispers for weeks . Like a tragedy had happened .
Maybe it 's a private detective ?|Yes , he must surely be one
She had tattooed on the left cheek " Merry Christmas " , on the right one " Happy new year " . Tell her I 'll come by during holidays . By the way , we have the numbers .|It was not easy , but there is a number dialed over and over . I 'll be right back .
Who wants this space ? Do you say that this space won 't be sufficient for you ?|Sit . Now will it be sufficient ? It 's sufficient . But it 's burning in me . Dad !
Sit . Now will it be sufficient ? It 's sufficient . But it 's burning in me . Dad !|What ? You 're getting up that you 've got shock . It 's not ordinary shock
What ? You 're getting up that you 've got shock . It 's not ordinary shock|What are you telling ? I saw a dream that Murugan is with Valli and Deivayani It 's a good matter only no ? Why are you hastening for this ? Nothing that
You made your choices , I made mine . I can 't .|I 'm yourfucking brother . It counts for nothing ?
Now .|Been a while since you called me that .
Someone from back there called your mother|But who ?
What are you doing there ? Nothing takes care . You may fall down yes .|Nothing is fearful . I used to do daily morning . Keep it . Take care
Yes .|He just said he had seer you
You tell your daughter to throw soap , shampoo and towel Say her to throw the towel that side . Because it would not be wet Come|Stop ! Why you came here ? I came to ask what 's today 's cook ? Can you come dressing improperly like this for that ? I 'll come putting dress
Why did you go back to that town ?|You have behaved strange today
Fucking let me go , asshole .|You 're not taking him seriously . Because I 'm the law .
There are certain things I can 't tell you|You look tired . I 'll come back tomorrow .
I 'd give milk properly to baby . Arrange for that . You come and give often No . My baby can drink 10 timed in a day . Can I come and go continuously ?|If baby should be in this home then I 'd also be in this home . What do you say ?
Did you give the address to anyone ?|Only to Nina .
It should have been me !|It 's him ! Hurry and open up !
Baby is not there . Here is the child ! Janaki ! Shall I come and take the child !|Why ? Child Raja boy ! Don 't make noise ! Baby has slept ! Come
Child 's mother ! Too much of affection ! He 's too wastebasket ! Our man ! It 's very important now !|In upstairs child is drinking milk from a long time ! Is that O.K ? Why ? No Our daughter didn 't drink like that ! Why are you torturing ?
You 're that Paramasivan 's daughter Janaki , aren 't you ? Uncle ! Is that you ?|As I 'm in Paryathi get up I was unable to identify you ! Let that be ! Why have you become way less Paryathi to beg in the road ! Poverty is the reason for that uncle ! What poverty ! What poverty ! With jewels You 're looking like my sister ! As the poverty gone beyond the extent , my child and I have decided to commit suicide uncle ! Are you and your child going to commit suicide ! Don 't talk wrongly ! What you 're going to commit is suicide . What you 're going to do to your child is murder ! Talk correctly ! Tell me ! I don 't any other way uncle ! I can 't able to live and die ! That 's why we are begging in every street ! I 'll make a move uncle ! Sir Offer me something ! Paramavisam ! What 's the use of having abundant of wealth ? Your grandson is begging in the street like an orphan !
As I 'm in Paryathi get up I was unable to identify you ! Let that be ! Why have you become way less Paryathi to beg in the road ! Poverty is the reason for that uncle ! What poverty ! What poverty ! With jewels You 're looking like my sister ! As the poverty gone beyond the extent , my child and I have decided to commit suicide uncle ! Are you and your child going to commit suicide ! Don 't talk wrongly ! What you 're going to commit is suicide . What you 're going to do to your child is murder ! Talk correctly ! Tell me ! I don 't any other way uncle ! I can 't able to live and die ! That 's why we are begging in every street ! I 'll make a move uncle ! Sir Offer me something ! Paramavisam ! What 's the use of having abundant of wealth ? Your grandson is begging in the street like an orphan !|What happened ! Call immediately and ask Varadhachari to come !
I 've heard the recordings|You are Rie , aren 't you
Those were good times .|We were The Tigers .
I feel he won 't come .|Why ?
Though you would have named in Tamil ! No Let it be Come|Did you see our grandson !
You called him when I wasn 't aware .|If you didn 't believe me , ask Rie
There aren 't any real Panthers left .|You were one once . You .
It 'd be useless .|Rie and you , together with my husband , are playing the same hand
We 're alike , you and I.|Maybe we can still win that battle , but ...
Brother ! Whole relation has become different ! Kabadi war has come Oh ! Everybody is intelligent Oh brother who created rumors What happened to the thread that you left ?|It 's like the entry of beer ! Your men our men everyone is fraud
They even keep an account of how often they fuck .|American and Chinese money , German rules .
Did you see how I made the girl who is slim and beautiful to sweep !|Leave that ! See my head writing ! Listen !
Will you ?|I don 't have any choice
Let 's stay a while longer .|Come , let 's find one for you .
Who among the present knows best WATARI Hayato , in your opinion ?|Come on , answer him !
Oh ! It 's ugly to hear uncle ! Though , as everyone are asking me to control I should think Though , to act as Janaki 's friend lover when you trample and ask I 'm agreeing for that uncle !|I 'm ready to act as your father ! No objection , isn 't it ? What objection will I have ? Though , there is that Security doubt Singaram ! Let he be dog ! I 'm the head of the family ! Who will talk against me ?
I 'm ready to act as your father ! No objection , isn 't it ? What objection will I have ? Though , there is that Security doubt Singaram ! Let he be dog ! I 'm the head of the family ! Who will talk against me ?|My wife ! Shall I go and come ? Dear ! Have you taken bathe ?
Medium built and height No character|A too poised man , in everything
Who is that lady ! My wife ! Both are same ! Ask who that child is !|This Window ! Near window ! Window 's brother ! There will be Iron bar for window ! Will there be brother ? My wife 's brother sir !
So the guy stands up in the court room , takes out a gun and shoots himself in the mouth , in front of my father .|Fuck .
But KAZUMORI Shoko had no intention of going thus far|What happened is simply that she got married so that her rival wouldn 't win .
What happened is simply that she got married so that her rival wouldn 't win .|Is that so ?
Is that so ?|Something 's missing
What 's your point ?|I mean , my father was helpless , but we can do something .
Marseille is a shithole . Guys fight each other , we go in and they fight us too . It only gets worse . More and more guns , it 's a kind of vicious cycle . If we want to break it , we have to change our methods radically . I disagree . We need to enforce the law harder . Make sure they break before we do .|No , it 's not a battle of good against evil . It 's a choice between bad and not quite as bad . And how does bad and not quite as bad work ? Your peace offer , that touches me . But the war you want to wage will produce many victims and few results . You don 't have any strategy . You didn 't think it through . We need to encourage singular power . Only one . One boss that we can all respect and with whom we can talk .
I 'm an idiot ! Other than that you did fraud along with me It 's the photo that I took then ! Don 't tell lies ! Here !|Have you torn ! Here is big one ! Have it !
Thanks .|This is Commissioner Rachedi . Do we have an ETA on the commandos ? Thirty minutes , Commissioner .
Well ?|Serbia ?
In our present case , this can have an important significance|Now , you 're living alone
Now , you 're living alone|Even if your husband is in no way responsible , you have imposed him this actress ' caprice
An affair , and more with a young woman : your husband is kind enough to oblige you and makes an unpardonable error|So , without any blemish on you , you can ask for divorce and lie alone
Let this festival take place everyday ! Let this deep love grow well Hereafter This girl will be in the shadow of her lover ! There is no separation|Saravana Guga Vadivazhaga !
Take the guns . Make them disappear .|Hurry , hurry .
Your husband really had an affair|But the force of your desire , supported by pride and jealousy , forbids you to acknowledge the truth
But in your sleep tensions have eased , and the reality you were refusing to see was acknowledged|If this is the case , then you surely don 't want a divorce
Keep quiet man ! I don 't want to act for you !|Come ! Let 's go closer and see !
It 's up to you to choose the version that suits you best|Thank you
Who said father now ? We didn 't say ! It 's you man !|You only told as father and you 're blaming us !
You should divorce .|This apart , there is another enigma to be solved him this dream
Come here ! I want to know a truth ! Are you in love with that V. Anandh ?|I 've escaped ! He Yes dad ! No ! Why ? He 's given birth to 8 children ! To have a variety he has given birth to a child with milk woman ! With this beggar ! Oh ! All these 8 children are orphan children ! He 's bringing up them . He 's good man dad ! Keep quiet boys !
Stay here .|Adi ...
Keep quiet madam ! You keep quiet man ! Has he run off truly ? Keep quiet dad ! I only brought that child for hire to act as grandson ! Why ? That 's to manage me , isn 't it ? No ! To manage him alone ! Why should you manage me ! How is it now ? I forgot !|Everybody are telling lies ! Somebody tell us the truth ! Only one truth ! Lingam brother ! Talk like that my king !
But even if this is the case , what 's the direct connection between Rie and your husband ?|We haven 't figured that out yet
Leave me ! Leave me ! Cheating me are you trying to run off with money ?|Save me ! Save me ! We 'll save you ! Before that tell that I 'm a good man ! Please !
Rie !|You 're hiding something from me , aren 't you ?
You 're hiding something from me , aren 't you ?|Speak . Make a clean breast of it , this is the opportunity to understand each other better
Speak . Make a clean breast of it , this is the opportunity to understand each other better|Whatever you say , she won 't hold it against you Of course . I only want to know the truth
Whatever you say , she won 't hold it against you Of course . I only want to know the truth|Madame , I 'll tell you the truth .
Save me ! Save me ! We 'll save you ! Before that tell that I 'm a good man ! Please !|I 'll tell ! I 'll tell the truth ! If you tell anything by opening your mouth , then
I 've tried to , but was never able to go all the way|But now , I can .
But now , I can .|I 've known your husband from the beginning
I 'll tell ! I 'll tell the truth ! If you tell anything by opening your mouth , then|You sinner ! Is that you ?
Is this toilet ? Come !|Come ! I too come ! Don 't leave and go ! I too come !
Indeed .|Long before I came to you , I had an affair with your husband
Naida .|Going well ?
It 's me who has seduced him .|And all this , because of you !
Nonetheless , he came today . He tried to make love to me|Yes , on that very place
Yes , on that very place|On this couch . I didn 't want it , but he forced me
On this couch . I didn 't want it , but he forced me|He 's a man , he 's stronger He pushed me on this couch , and there he ... Without realizing , I cried
Dad , we had to do something .|You 've sentenced us all to death .
" I 'm here to become an actress ! "|My body is not for you ! '
Where are you taking me ? Great romantic queen ! I 'm taking ! Move man !|Don 't move ! You only told me to move !
I don 't want to speak about it !|Is what she telling true ?
Why are you stumbling , man ? Keep quiet man ! Close your ears ! I 'm going to shoot ! You idiot ! There is no hatred between you and me ! Don 't shoot ! Don 't shoot !|Mad ! You 're going down ! See I 've missed because of you !
Come on .|Come on , let 's go .
Pev .|Pev .
Wish Dosa Appalam Vada|What are you doing , man ? I 'm helping you man ! Go man !
We 'll have to push .|Help me push .
Let 's remake our experiments him a more rigorous way|Even if you couldn 't see them , You have recognized Rie and your husband What did you do then ?
Turn around . Please , turn around . I said , turn around !|Please , turn around .
I 'm your side ! Shoot him Shoot him ! You cheat !|No I 'll leave you go
Belgrade ...|We 'll start a new life in Belgrade . I 'll look after you . Come on .
Thanks , Chuck .|I 'm beat . If you wanna stay , and I hope you will , your room 's how you left it .
You , who are always by my side , why weren 't you there ? Go stay wherever you want|What are you doing ?
What are you trying to tell me ? Come on say it !|That I wanted to see such a scene ?
Not you ! She is my lover ! Who are you ? Is there two lovers ? She 's my lover ! She is Don 't tell like that ! Wife sir !|My name is Lingam ! His name is also Lingam !
Your dream was way longer , and went father|I 'd very much like you tell us about it
I don 't know how ... And I know it sounds crazy , but ... what if the most amazing thing it can do is lead me to some answers ?|To find out , finally find out , who I am .
Could that young professor question you ?|It 's the real Shoko who 's in this dream , the one who doesn 't need me at all !
To find out , finally find out , who I am .|I 'll get it . Probably the Magical Necklace Collection Agency .
People to see you , I 'm pretty sure .|Mari McCabe ?
I got near the room , and I opened the door|Rie was sleeping Absolutely naked !
You 're my sister .|Welcome home .
You no longer need to bear the weight of your crown .|I 've taken care of everything .
The man approached the bed . Also naked ! Naked like a worm !|Tell us that man 's name ! She has to know it !
Tell us that man 's name ! She has to know it !|I didn 't know him . But he was tall !
I 'm sorry . I had no idea . I was the totem 's guardian . It was my responsibility to see that our village did not come down .|That 's so horrible . Zambesi may be nothing but ash and cinder , but it is still my home , still my secret obligation ... to protect it . From who ? There 's ... There 's nothing left . There is responsibility even to the dead . Especially , to the dead .
Medium built , like my husband , but more muscular|His skin was tanned , and had a brutish smell
It 's you !|It was KAZUMORI Shoko herself that man was making love to ! No ! It 's her !
I knew you would come .|And I see you 've brought the mighty Hellscream .
I will stand with you !|Hey !
You were laughing ! Running , you were laughing !|With an indecent voice !
From this seal shall arise the doom of men , who in their arrogance , sought to wield our fire as their own .|Blindly they built their kingdoms upon stolen knowledge and conceit .
And now I do . So , fashion design by day and takin ' on muggers at night ? The totem is supposed to help me protect my village . Detroit is my village . It 's my home . You never said that before . I haven 't said a lot of things before . Things I should have said a long time ago .|I love you , dad .
I love you , dad .|I love you too .
King Terenas , you must heed my warning !|This plague that has gripped the Northlands could have dire ramifications . Plague ? You wizards are just being paranoid !
Let 's keep all this in perspective . Even if this " plague " does pose a threat to us , what are you proposing that we do ?|It is simple . As I have said , the Kirin Tor are already prepared to place the villages under strict quarentine .
OHH . WHAT ? WHAT IS IT ?  I HAVE TO GET TO THE OFFICE . WE 'RE PICKING UP A NEW CLIENT AT THE JAIL . I JUST GOT HERE . COME ON .  PROFESSOR KEATING DOESN 'T CARE . ALL RIGHT , WELL , AT LEAST LET ME WALK YOU TO THE OFFICE . WHAT AM I , 10 YEARS OLD ? DO YOU NOT WATCH THE NEWS ? STUDENTS ARE GETTING MURDERED OUT THERE .|Reporter : THE TWO SUSPECTS , GRIFFIN O 'REILLY AND REBECCA SUTTER , WERE ARRESTED WITHIN AN HOUR OF EACH OTHER . HI , I 'M LOOKING FOR INFORMATION ON SOMEONE IN CUSTODY NAMED REBECCA SUTTER . PRESS ? EXCUSE ME ? ARE YOU PRESS OR A LAWYER ? IF YOU 'RE WITH THE PRESS , PISS OFF . IF YOU 'RE A LAWYER , I NEED TO SEE I.D.
The only hope for your people is to travel west to the forgotten lands of Kalimdor . Travel to west ? ! Are you mad ? Hold , Ambassador ! I don 't know who you are or what you believe , but this is not the time for rambling prophets . Our lands are beset by conflict , but is shall be we who decide how best to protect our people , not you ! now begone !|I failed humanity once before , and I will not do so again . If you cannot take up this cup , then I shall find another who will .
I failed humanity once before , and I will not do so again . If you cannot take up this cup , then I shall find another who will .|The warning has been given .
An intellectual with thin lips , and almond eyes|Yes .
I THINK THERE 'S A WAY THAT WE CAN WIN THIS .|WE CAN WIN THIS . MAKE SURE THE DAUGHTERS ARE IN COURT . THAT 'S GOLD FOR THE JURY . WHEN 'S THE BAIL HEARING ? TOMORROW MORNING . THE FORENSICS EXPERT ? ON HIS WAY . WHAT CAN HE SAY TO HELP ? HER FINGERPRINT 'S ON THE BOMB FRAGMENT . EXACTLY . THERE 'S NO WAY TO WIN THIS . YOU JUST LOST THE TROPHY , MR. WALSH . WHAT ? YOU SAID THAT WE COULD HAND IT IN WHENEVER WE WANTED . THAT WAS BEFORE YOU DOUBTED MY ABILITIES . I 'M JUST SAYING THAT WE HAVE NO DEFENSE . WHO SAYS I DON 'T HAVE ONE ?
And still|His arms were the strongest
No tickling ! No tickling ! Stop it .|WORLDS APART
They want to help us .|BASED ONATRUE STORY Jehovah God , watch over Mom and Dad , Elisabeth and August ... and Jonas .
YOU DON 'T LOOK SO BAD YOURSELF . YEAH , WELL , DON 'T SAY THAT TOO LOUD . THERE 'S A LOT OF LONELY GUYS IN HERE THAT WOULD LIKE TO DATE ME .|AH , I MISSED THAT SOUND .
The first one must have been that actor with a tanned face , the one smelling like an animal !|Then , a soccer player , a fashionable novelist the skyer , the pilot , and there are more !
You can 't have remembered all their names|I can tell you exactly what their names were
Hi , Sara . Are you doing your homework ? Yes .|I want to talk to you about something .
Sam :  SO , SHE SAYS , " I BRING STUDENTS TO THIS UNIVERSITY . I 'LL THINK ABOUT IT . "|JUST LIKE THAT , TURNS AROUND , WALKS OUT , AND LEAVES HIM STANDING THERE . OHH .  Woman : ANNALISE , THAT ACTUALLY HAPPENED ? YOU JUST WALKED OUT ON PRESIDENT DOLAN ? AND LEFT THE FATE OF OUR STAR QUARTERBACK HANGING IN THE BALANCE ? WELL , I MEET WITH THE BOY TOMORROW . WE 'LL SEE WHAT HE SAYS .  WELL , IT 'S A BIG CASE . THERE 'S GONNA BE A LOT OF PRESS . YOU WANT TO BE SURE BEFORE YOU TAKE IT . DOES THAT MEAN YOU DON 'T THINK I SHOULD TAKE IT ?
Please forgive him . Can 't you ?|He does repent . You can do anything you set your mind to . You said so yourself . Yes , but I can 't .
HE HAD BUSINESS AT YALE , CHECKED INTO YOUR HOTEL A FEW WEEKS BACK . I JUST NEED TO FIND OUT IF THE CAR WAS PARKED HERE EVERY NIGHT HE WAS IN TOWN . BUT YOU 'RE NOT A COP . I 'M NOT A COP .|WHAT 'S THE NAME ? SAM KEATING .  HERE WE ARE . HIS CAR WAS IN THE LOT EVERY NIGHT ... EXCEPT HERE . FRIDAY , THE 29th . LEFT THE GARAGE AT 7 : 00 P.M. , WASN 'T BACK TILL 6 : 00 THE NEXT MORNING .
I don 't want to hear it anymore !|Mother ! Who are you talking to ?
There are three kinds of young Witnesses . The 1 's break all the rules .|The 2 's try out stuff without talking too much about it . That 's you .
DUDE , LOOKS LIKE YOU FOUND AN EVEN BETTER PARTY THAN WE DID LAST NIGHT , HUH ? HUH ? UNH ! MR. BORDAL , I UNDERSTAND YOU HAVE ONE ADDITIONAL WITNESS . YES , YOUR HONOR . THE PROSECUTION CALLS GABRIEL SHAW . WHAT ? ! I THOUGHT HE WAS OUR WITNESS . ONCE HE 'S ON THE WITNESS LIST , EITHER SIDE CAN CALL HIM .|TAKE US BACK TO 1994 , MR. SHAW . HOW WOULD YOU CHARACTERIZE THAT TIME AND , MORE SPECIFICALLY , AS IT RELATES TO ELENA AGUILAR , A.K.A. , PAULA MURPHY ? WE WERE FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT , DOING ALL WE COULD TO REVERSE THE RAMPANT GREED AROUND US . I GUESS THAT 'S WHY I WASN 'T THAT SURPRISED WHEN ELENA SUGGESTED THAT ... WE PLANT THAT BOMB .
And the 3 's are the nerds . They attend all the meetings , drink tea with theirparents and never do anything wrong .|That 's me . Soon to become a 2 .
If you can hear me , speak !|This person knows me
THERE 'S NOTHING ? NOTHING . I CHECKED WITH YALE , THE HOTEL . HE WAS THERE THE NIGHT SHE WAS MURDERED . DR. KEATING DIDN 'T SHOW . LEFT THE GARAGE AT 7 : 00 P.M. , WASN 'T BACK TILL 6 : 00 THE NEXT MORNING . HIS ALIBI 'S SOLID . YOU 'RE SURE ?|HE NEVER LEFT , ANNALISE . OH , THANK GOD .
Say something , please|Let me hear your voice !
GO HOME .|BE WITH YOUR HUSBAND .
It 's father !|He was alive , wasn 't he ?
It 's unfair ! It 's too unfair !|Hate me as much as you like
Hi .|Hungry ?
Hungry ?|Coffee ? Mind if we just walk around ? I love it that nobody knows me here .
This is my olderbrother Jonas . This is Teis , a friend of mine .|Hi .
Bonnie : I KNOW . FRANK AND I HAD THE SAME LOOK ON OUR FACE WHEN SHE TOLD US . WELL SHE CAN 'T RESIST A CHALLENGE , CAN SHE ?|ANNALISE , I HEARD YOU WERE ON THIS CASE , THOUGH IT DOESN 'T LOOK LIKE IT 'LL BE A LONG ONE ANYMORE . EXCUSE ME ? YOUR CLIENT JUST CONFESSED . GOT IT ALL ON TAPE , TOO . EXCUSE ME .
POLISH TELEVISION presents the TV series realised by AKSON STUDIO|Starring : THE TIME OF HONOR season 6
Starring : THE TIME OF HONOR season 6|In the previous episodes I have a request . Please read this in case something unexpected happens . It was diversionary , experts trained in England .
In the previous episodes I have a request . Please read this in case something unexpected happens . It was diversionary , experts trained in England .|I keep hearing about them .
Yes .|Son ...
And also became the actress you 're today|That 's it ...
I worked all day and stayed up all night making music .|Coffee ?
Come .|Wanda , let 's go .
Yeah , it 's not fair .|That didn 't take you long . I can lie next to a girl without things getting out ofhand . Okay ?
Good morning .|I have to get home before my dad .
Is that a yes ?|Let me have your cell .
You 're jealous !|You 're jealous because we tried committing suicide together
Wozniak !|You 've impressed me .
I didn 't think you were so tough . But I must warn you , all give in , you know ?|We 'll see how you manage without oxygen .
Well ? I ask you again .|Where is the money ?
I am seeing a guy , and I slept over at his place because I missed my train .|Please don 't be so sad .
Why had we to go through all this ?|There 's nothing but hate between us
I really like him .|But you slept at his place .
Do you want to forsake Jehovah ? I know you 're struggling , and temptation is everywhere at your age .|We love you so much . We just want what 's right foryou .
We 're alone .|They 've gone .
God sees you , Sara . You must avoid the things God hates . Lies and carnal immorality .|I feel guilty towards God . Then tell us what really happened .
Your wife ...|Poor victim , stringed along .
Everything passes in the end .|Mr Rainer , I know you won 't believe it but I really won 't tell you anything .
Mr Rainer , I know you won 't believe it but I really won 't tell you anything .|You care for the money so much ?
I 've got no intention to reproach you your relationship|I 'd only have wished you had had more respect for me
I 'd only have wished you had had more respect for me|I 'd have wished at least , you had avoided seeing Kyoko at my house
We believe you , Sara . There won 't be any public reprimand or expulsion . We believe you are repentant . But write a letter and break up with him . Do it as soon as you come home so you won 't be seized with doubt again . But I really like him . I just want to be with him . It doesn 't have to be ... physical . I just want to be near him .|I know you want to be God 's friend . You know what you must do in return .
By doing that , you thought Id never notice it ?|No !
Mr Wozniak , we can always reach an agreement .|We may manage it now too .
Hi , Sara . I heard you 're dropping out . Why ?|I 'm going to be a pioneer . In our movement , you know . Like a missionary ? For real ?
Teis , I want to talk to John alone . Wait for me outside .|When he 's here to learn more about our faith , it 's okay to see him ?
Aki ... You have fallen the first in the trap set by Kyoko|I 'm also maybe a victim
I 'm also maybe a victim|But it 's not the same situation .
Thank you for your help . In the name of Jesus Christ , amen .|The most important thing is that it purifies your thoughts because you know you have this powerful friend . Afriend who 's always with you ... Thank you , Elisabeth . If you 're on the outside , you have to face everything alone . You 're in an emotional chaos with no sense of right and wrong , and so nothing matters . It 's hard . Especially for a young person . But when you walk with Jehovah , you have a strong sense of direction .
Me , I 've fallen knowingly|Me also , I was expecting surely to find myself like this in front of you , burning with an unbearable shame
Me also , I was expecting surely to find myself like this in front of you , burning with an unbearable shame|I was most certainly in love with KAIDO Akiko
I was most certainly in love with KAIDO Akiko|What I 'm saying seems ambiguous
The thing is not to let one 's certainty be defiled . Understand ?|Yes .
What case ?|You 're smart , make it up .
No as a matter of fact it 's the other way round|It 's because I was sure you wouldn 't understand me , whatever I 'd say to you
It 's because I was sure you wouldn 't understand me , whatever I 'd say to you|You 're the actress KAIDO Akiko .
You 're the actress KAIDO Akiko .|A transparent cinematographical object , unable to resist or react .
A transparent cinematographical object , unable to resist or react .|Confronted with such things , a man feels like suspended into the void , left on their own
Tom here quit his job last summer . He 's spent a yearpreaching the word of Jehovah in China .|HONOUR GOD
Now I 'd like to introduce Sara , a girl from my congregation .|Hello . My name is Sara . I decided to stop my studies to become a pioneer .
Hello . My name is Sara . I decided to stop my studies to become a pioneer .|That 's the kind of young people we need . Thank you , Sara .
It 's impossible . We can let you go in a week if all is fine . But doctor , I have goods to transport to the West . What goods ? Human .|I must go back to Berlin at once . You can only go back into your bed , OK ? Sister !
I must go back to Berlin at once . You can only go back into your bed , OK ? Sister !|I beg you , take Michal and leave .
Don 't go now .|Sara ... what a surprise . Come on in .
Well , this is my home .|Would you like a cup of tea ?
Michal ...|I have to tell you something . It 's very important .
Oh , yes ?|Are you sure it 's not the other way round ?
Are you sure it 's not the other way round ?|It 's you who were jealous of the actress that Aki is
Bye then .|I 'm so glad you stopped by .
No ...|As far as I 'm concerned , KAIDO Akiko never was an actress .
I 'm no thief . If you don 't like it , you 'll get a bullet .|What amuses you ? Do you know what you are ? The end product of this war .
Yes .|That awful story
Goodbye , Sara . Thank you for this little talk .|Hi , Sara .
L 'll order some pizza .|I 'm glad you 're home .
Know what , Rainer ?|Go to hell .
Read it yourselves .|" Dear friends , If you 're reading this , it means one thing ... "
Let me show you around . This is Teis 's bedroom .|And this is the kitchen .
It looks like Janisz was a snitch .|Read it carefully .
I remember everything much better than you do|It happened during the summer holiday
Read it carefully .|You read it carefully . I don 't need to continue .
Do you know why I invited you today ?|I can guess .
Our professor was not married|I leaned towards Kyoko and whispered it in her ear
He 'll get back to health in no time .|Our doctors say he 's better already . Yes , yes . He was asking after you .
Hi , Thea .|Thea , it 's me !
Lt 's just too unequal . I 've tried to replace you with everything I 've lost .|I care so much about you .
I told him you 'll go back to Germany soon .|Excuse me , may I smoke ?
Yes .|You made the right decision .
I 've got something to tell you , too . Something I 've been considering .|You 'd better start . You 're more upset .
Asking me that question , I had , again , a bad omen|" Kyoko and the professor are alone in that room "
Just a second .|Hi , Mom . Yes , she 's right here . Do you want to talk to her ?
I approached without making any noise|Why ?
I am .|" I believe it 's the only way to save the rest of our leadership elite , without which we can 't survive . I 'm not writing this to clear myself before you but to warn you . "
Thea had a lively and endearing personality .|But most of all she was strong .
I 'll take care of it .|Katia !
The first thing I saw , was the white cloth the professor had in his hard|Chloroform ... Yes !
Not even though it 's human to have doubts in the decisive minute .|Before Thea died , the congregation fully supported her difficult choice .
I took it .|What ?
She resisted .|But her strength was slowly wearing out
Sit down .|I can 't go on . I can 't stand being outside . It 's just too hard . I want to repent . If you do too , we can all be together again .
Can we let them hang her ?|How long will this go on ?
Yes ...|What did I then see ...
Know what , Dad ? I think that 's very selfish of you .|You could come back . Repent and come back so we can be a real family again .
We have no choice .|I 'm going with Wladek to the forest .
The summer clouds , as cut of joint|Foolishly , deep inside , I was praying rain 'd come as soon as possible
Without saying anything , you watched me being raped !|And that 's not all : when everything was over , you sent an anonymous letter to our school
Issiaka , show the new guy to his hut .|Stop by the Maquis Bleu tonight .
Stop by the Maquis Bleu tonight .|Hold it right there , stranger !
The professor was sacked|And me , everybody looked at me like if I was a circus freak
And me , everybody looked at me like if I was a circus freak|It 's been a long time since
It 's been a long time since|I 've been doing all I can to make up to you
Do you think your compasson is enough to heal this wound ?|I was waiting for such an opportunity , to show you what you 're afraid to see , more than anything else
I was waiting for such an opportunity , to show you what you 're afraid to see , more than anything else|Exactly
I went back to Ouagadougou . I wanted to start a business . When you have money , you find out you have a lot of cousins . You have no idea who they are , but they sure seem to know you .|The family got bigger . They moved into the courtyard , and all my money disappeared .
Lebedev stopped bothering you ?|Stopped ringing me .
You are full of lust , but sex scares you ! It 's your fault if you 've become totally frigid !|I imagine you 've said all you wanted to !
Thanks for the tea .|That 's the way I like it too .
To keep things crystal clear between us , I want to tell you that my relation with Kyoko isn 't only a game|I like making love to her .
Get me a car .|Now .
It 's false ! Everything 's false !|Nobody knows that ! Not even Kyoko !
Who 's her father ? He died in a mine accident three years ago .|Coumba also lost her father and two brothers that day . There was nothing we could do .
I won 't get to Bobo with this !|Hey , Techie , you sure you didn 't leave the other half in the water ?
You have no choice .|I have Katia .
He said if I tell the department , Katia will die .|I could have anticipated this . Guard the school better .
" I thought you 'd come alone "|He was furious I had come with Kyoko
He was furious I had come with Kyoko|He told me that was why he had chloroformed her
He told me that was why he had chloroformed her|" No ! Stop ! " . I shouted to him
" Dear Santa , Every night in bed , I secretly dream of coming to see you up in the sky . Way up in the clouds , riding on your hat , Santa Claus . "|Have you ever wanted to leave ?
I didn 't know how to keep it up .|Essakane or anywhere else ... it makes no difference to me .
You 're under arrest .|Not only did you work for the Gestapo , now you work with gangs .
The little yesterday trip , was meant to be the last time|It was for our friendship , the most beautiful of offerings
Don 't just stand there ! Do something ! Go on ! What are you waiting for ?|Mocktar ! What are you doing ?
You were right , Zosia .|I really don 't know people .
I really don 't know people .|I want to be at home .
Did you expect finding me in despair ?|You must really be surprised , aren 't you ?
For killing oneself|Are you saying I 'd be capable ?
Everybody around here is crazy . You 're the one who 's crazy . If you don 't care about gold , why are you here ?|When I arrived in Essakane , I was as skinny as a rail . But skinny people are looked down on here . People think you 're sick . So I started taking these pills to gain weight . Within a few weeks , I turned into a tassaba .
Save the ammo .|Each have only a few bullets .
Everything happens as you 've foreseen|I couldn 't avoid the trap hidden in your acting talent
Youma , my youngest daughter , died last month ...|Malaria .
Drop the gun !|Out ! Out ! Out , I said ! Open it . The doors open from the inside .
A woman who in the past caused a man 's death , doesn 't have the right to love anymore|We can 't say you have won , can we ?
We can 't say you have won , can we ?|On the contrary
We found gold !|We found gold !
And still , I even confessed that shameful past|Quite so .
Music ! How about some music ? My friends want to enjoy themselves . Pour some drinks ! They 're thirsty .|Look at him shimmy . He dances like a white guy .
You can wrap up even the horrid in beautiful words|ISAKU Makiko thrives almost entirely on her narcissism !
Halt !|Halt !
Halt !|A trap ! Capitulate , you 're surrounded !
A trap ! Capitulate , you 're surrounded !|I have nothing to do with it , I swear . Wladek ...
The next morning ... the screams of a woman woke me up . I was soaked with blood . My father was lying next to me , his throat slit open . I was drowning in his blood ... my father 's blood .|The villagers held me responsible for his death . The money I 'd given him was gone . I left town in shame .
You talk to bandits ?|Call yourself a communist ...
KARASAWA has told me everything !|You have a suicide mania !
But you somehow manage to be the sole survivor You 're just playing a character . Don 't run away !|Just before shooting your first film , you and an actor tried killing yourselves with gas
The number of coffins isn 't ... .|Each life matters . Whether it 's one or 100 , access should be consistent .
Come on , speak ! I 'm sure you 'll make up quite a story !|You 're wrong !
So , you 're leaving us too ? To be respected , a boss needs to have his own place .|I 'll miss your cooking .
Is that call going through ?|I 'd say yes .
Sorry . From my boyfriend . Hey . We need to talk . Are you hungry ? What ? I figured we could , uh work up an appetite . But so , seriously ... . What 's up ? I don 't want to date you anymore .  Huh . Like it 's great or whatever . Eating Cheetos and fucking is fun but I think we 've sort of plateaued and we 're not gonna get married so I think we 're probably done here . Every time you shower you just drop your towel in the middle of the room So ? So that 's gross , Una . Hang up your towel . And a plateau isn 't such a bad place to be , right ? I mean , it 's better than not plateau , right ? A valley ? Right . You don 't to keep eating junk food and fucking me ? No , I didn 't say that , exactly . I don 't want to marry you . I promise . So this is what romance feels like . Marriage is dumb . You 're dumb . Yeah . I know . But in nine minutes I will be ready to fuck you again So stop acting like you have someone to see later who cares if you smell like sex and get back in bed with me Say it again , but say it meaner . Get back in bed , you jerk . You dumb jerk . It 's a start .|Shit . 
A star , what 's a star ?|I 'm not made for such things !
Doesn 't a Vacarro run Metson Health ? The Metson Health that 's looking for a new chairman ? What do you wanna bet our guy 's up in Strickman 's conference room right now ?|One way to find out .
You have a good opportunity You must hang on|You don 't have the right to care about a woman like me , met by chance
You make quite a tag team .|But if you 're on a deadline ... .
" I want to die "|As if you had the guts !
What are you doing here ?|I brought you food .
Or C.J. She 'd know best .|The thing is ...
But , then again , you couldn 't die|Before the gas had filled the room , the employees of the production company broke the window , and saved you
Just a minute .|Hi .
You had , maybe , foreseen it would end like this .|A rising star , mixed in a scandal !
Is Oona ... ? Who is it ?|You two know each other . Yup .
Or debt .|My uncle had to sell his land to pay off seed he can 't replant ... ... engineered for chemicals he cannot afford . No one 's forced to use biotech . They want it . These advances will feed the world . People starve because they are kept poor . So now CultiCo 's responsible for Third World corruption ? I didn 't say CultiCo .
Enough money .|Profits .
Profits .|And these guys ...
You hate clothes without sleeves , because of the scar you have on your left wrist|Painful memory of the fight that opposed you to KAZUMORI Shoko for that musician ...
Hey . Hey , bitch .|Hey , bitch ! You made it . You missed the party . I only got invited to this end of the party . What took you so long ? You live like three blocks away . I had to move . I couldn 't ... I had to move . Shit . I 'm sorry . We should get out of here . I 'm not gonna be sick , okay ? I 'm just gonna take my time . And it might take all night , but that 's the price you pay for me not being sick , alright ?
Hey , bitch ! You made it . You missed the party . I only got invited to this end of the party . What took you so long ? You live like three blocks away . I had to move . I couldn 't ... I had to move . Shit . I 'm sorry . We should get out of here . I 'm not gonna be sick , okay ? I 'm just gonna take my time . And it might take all night , but that 's the price you pay for me not being sick , alright ?|You know what , I need a minute . I just need a minute .
What ?|You found your appetite .
Be less drunk now , okay ? You got it !|Found it ! Hey girl . Don 't get cute with me . Ooh . You called me cute , though . That 's a point for Mitchell . Door for Mitchell . Shoe for Mitchell . Mitchell only has one shoe . Here . I brought you this . Put it on in the hall . This fucking guy ! Brought me a shoe . Tell Russell goodnight , and tell him I 'm sorry I drank all of his good rum . I think he 's really nice . He 's really cute .
Hey .|Hey ... ?
You can tell me anything you want on your past I don 't believe you anymore|KARASAWA made fun of you , calling you a suicide maniac
Is he ... how is he ? He seems happy . We don 't talk .|Well , thanks . I mean , fuck you , still , but ... whatever . Right . Whatever . Goodnight .
He ?|He warned me not to believe what actresses tell
You really are heartless !|What else do you want me to tell you ?
Oh . Well . Look at you .|I 'm sorry , I 'm really drunk . Don 't worry about it .
It was daddy ! My father !|I 'm telling you that the one I wanted to die with , the one I killed , was my father ! Do you understand ! ?
Your hair looks better .|Thanks . No , I mean it , your hair really looks a lot better . I didn 't used to like it that much , but it looks better now , I think . You did something to it and it looks ... Oh , thank God . ... like you 're trying a little bit now and I thought ...
I need my key .|Fuck .
Yes , sir . Thank you , Mr. President .|Hello ?
He said that was part of ISAKU Makiko 's charm|He 's not made for your little comedy
Hey .|Are you okay ?
But be advised , I 'll never trust you anymore|These women called actresses , I 'll never trust one of them again !
Yes , are you okay ?|More or less . I 'm getting there .
Really , any situation having to do with Taiwan .|That . That 's you .
That . That 's you .|That 's your job .
If you don 't answer , it means you 're alone|Please , don 't come !
I know this house better than you doo|You 're rude ! I 'm the one who washes your dirty laundry even your underwear
Leo .|Nothing .
Help me carry the milk|In the bathroom , like usually
Cash works for me , yeah . Hey , you know , speaking of which ...|Oh . Uh , kitchen table .
I know very well that every evening , you bathe naked in milk .|It 's disgusting ! Even the sheets are dirty !
Oh . Uh , kitchen table .|You 're on my fax . Well that 's one I haven 't been on before .
Girl , not today . Don 't call me girl , Mitchell ! Ow ! Don 't hit me ! Why not ? Do I look like a girl to you ? Honestly , Ty , you smell like a girl to me .|I smell like roses , bitch . It 's a term of endearment , I 've told you that before . Well I do not find it endearing . I apologize . Now get back to work , faggot .
You have soiled these sheets ...|Come , it 's ready ! Get in the bathtub !
I smell like roses , bitch . It 's a term of endearment , I 've told you that before . Well I do not find it endearing . I apologize . Now get back to work , faggot .|What ? ! Ty . Is that fair ?
Just because I can 't keep my hands off you .|What is it ?
Function , you horrible fucking sweating cunt ! Oh , hey Deena .|She offends me , does she offend you ? Deena ? Yeah . She 's terrified of you . Well . So am I. I 'm going to lunch .
You never lock the door when you take your bath ! Exactly ! That 's the kind of woman you are !|It 's not true ! It 's Kyoko ! Not me !
You wanted to talk to me about my past|Yes . About that obscene story .
Deena ?|Deena .
Kyoko ?|The professor sacked because of you .
The professor sacked because of you .|He and me , we 've met in a remote village , lost in Hokkaido
Hey , do you have a girlfriend ?|Nope .
What this man imagined ... his dreams , who he loved , saw , heard , remembered ... what he feared ...|Somehow , it 's ... all locked in this small mass of tissue and fluid .
Like you , I was his pupil|What do you want to know ?
Somehow , it 's ... all locked in this small mass of tissue and fluid .|Are you okay , Agent Scully ? You sounded a little spooky .
Come in this room , please|I will tell you everything , quietly , about this obscene story
I mean , she 's alone when she 's not hanging out with Richard Gere , and ... she makes a lot of money . And like with inflation she makes even more money . Plus she doesn 't have to take anybody to get their wisdom teeth out . Her problem is she hangs out with the same guy a few times and then it gets all ... whatever . And then George Costanza tries to rape her . Oh , shit . Sorry , you 've seen this before , right ?|So . Oona .
Please , come in|I won 't be had anymore by anyone !
I won 't be had anymore by anyone !|You also want the same thing
You also want the same thing|You 're one of those filthy men !
You 're one of those filthy men !|Come on , wash yourself !
I have a cat .|Okay . Well . Thank you so much for coming in . You have a great weekend . Enjoy the weather ! Thank you .
And then she pretty much performs all of ' West Side Story . '|This is unreal . How 'd you even find this ? I spend a lot of time on the internet . That 's hot . How would you feel about having sex with me ?
Two . Good thing it wasn 't a DoubleJeopardy question .|Do you know the significance of this piece ? Well , recalling Music Appreciation with Professor Ganz , Bach had a genius for polyphonic ... This is the first selection of music on the Voyager spacecraft . The first . Four and a half billion years from now , when the sun exhausts its fuel ... and swells to engulf the Earth , this expression will still be out there , traveling four and a half billion years .
Wash yourself .|I want you to be naked .
I 'm sorry . Shit . That was weird . I shouldn 't have even assumed that you 're gay . You 're probably not even gay .|No , I am ! And sometimes this even works . But the two burritos ? That shirt ? You look desperate . Oh , and I 'm keeping all that change , by the way .
Do you like Bach , Mulder ? I live for Bach . Then let 's hear it again .|I take it you are familiar with the High Resolution Microwave Survey ? The search for extraterrestrial radio signals . They shut it down . You have to get to the radio telescope at Arecibo , Puerto Rico . I 'll try to delay them as long as I can , but my guess is you 'll have at least 24 hours . After that , I can no longer hold off ... the Blue Beret U.F.O. Retrieval Team .
I understood everything !|Yes ...
It 's a malbec , so ... it 's French , maybe Italian . I could lie to you but I 'm just not sure . I need something to go with tilapia .|What 's tilapia ?
I take it you are familiar with the High Resolution Microwave Survey ? The search for extraterrestrial radio signals . They shut it down . You have to get to the radio telescope at Arecibo , Puerto Rico . I 'll try to delay them as long as I can , but my guess is you 'll have at least 24 hours . After that , I can no longer hold off ... the Blue Beret U.F.O. Retrieval Team .|And they have been authorized to display terminal force . What am I looking for ?
The same message is transmitted four hours later on a wideband , which puts its point of origin very close ; just miles away .|I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . It 's just a tape machine , Jorge .
I send greetings on behalf of the people of our planet . It 's just a tape machine , Jorge .|Where are we gonna go ? There 's a storm outside .
Where are we gonna go ? There 's a storm outside .|You can 't be afraid , Jorge .
Maybe it 's better I 'm the one who says it|You intentionally missed your date
Good for us .|Right . I 'm confused .
Don 't be afraid .|You can 't be afraid .
When you abandon the part of KAZUMORI Shoko the actress|The day you confess it to me , you choose not to go
The day you confess it to me , you choose not to go|This man is waiting outside
You 're warm . I overdressed . No , I mean , you 're a warm person . You seem like a warm person . Nope , I 'm just going through a slutty phase . You should have an excellent night .|Hi there . Hi ! Do I know you ? You 're Amy ! Have we met ? No . I 'm an old friend of Tucker 's . He posts about you on Facebook all the time . I 'm Oona . Wow ! The Oona . Tucker 's always talking about your ...
Hi there . Hi ! Do I know you ? You 're Amy ! Have we met ? No . I 'm an old friend of Tucker 's . He posts about you on Facebook all the time . I 'm Oona . Wow ! The Oona . Tucker 's always talking about your ...|My what ? It 's nice to finally meet you . Is this your boyfriend ? Oh , Jesus fuck no .
But I understood did that because of MINAMIKAWA|It 's strange , isn 't it ? I don 't remember if we met because I loved you , or because I wanted to have a secret he didn 't know You have broken up for good , so you don 't need me anymore
It 's strange , isn 't it ? I don 't remember if we met because I loved you , or because I wanted to have a secret he didn 't know You have broken up for good , so you don 't need me anymore|You 're leaving me , don 't you ?
The subject , perhaps victim , is Hispanic male , undetermined age . There are no overt external injuries apparent .|There are no indications of any lightning strikes . No singeing of the hair or burns of any kind .
Typical male hypocrisy , without any doubt|But for me , breaking up , doesn 't have the same meaning
Only because I 'm an actress , people spied on me , even in my dreams|Now , I 'm alone
Now , I 'm alone|Without haven 't been ever able to get used to seeing my pride trodden
Do you get high ? Sorry ? Do you smoke ? Marijuana ? Recreationally ? I do , sometimes . Do you want to ? Oh , no , I 'm good . I 've been drinking .|Do you want to ... ? Wow . Buy any ? No . Thanks .
Your time is over , and you leave with nothing . Get out .|I said get the hell out .
Do you want me to make the arrests ? I think we need more to go on .|Continue the surveillance .
I was getting dressed last week and I don 't have any socks without holes in them , at the moment . And ... that 's embarrassing . And my feet are , like , always cold , so I figured I 'd just ... Sell drugs .|Right .
You know , Mr. KARASAWA|He accepts your past , everything you 've done . He forgives you
So if you don 't know Amy , you must be a friend of Tucker .|We used to date . A long time ago . Yikes . Yikes ?
Accept ? Forgive ?|Who intends to forgive me ?
He just seems like kind of an asshole . That is only because he 's a total asshole . So what are we doing at this asshole 's party ? Well , I 'm here to act super successful and happy and rub his face in it . Naturally . And you ? Russell . Oona . My friend Kim dragged me along . She used to date Tucker , too , so I 've heard all the horror stories . So you know this isn 't the longest I 've had to wait for Tucker to come .|Right . She dated Tucker in college . She 's a lesbian now . I dated him in high school , but since I have no sense of pattern recognition I 'm still straight .
Nobody has the right to|How can you say that ?
... and we can do this .|And it 's okay , because even though the flag is gone ... ... the Bill of Rights remains .
Tell him to go home . And that I don 't want to see him anymore|Won 't you regret it ?
And it 's okay , because even though the flag is gone ... ... the Bill of Rights remains .|Did they just burn an American flag in the White House ?
Nice . Okay , go ahead .|Yes . Well , one of the most difficult trade issues ... ... on the agenda this time is shrimp .
We will be landing in New Orleans in 25 minutes . The press will be to your left as you exit the plane .|I have nothing more on the flag thing .
That was genius .|The Founding Fathers did not want me to trust you ... ... and they did not want you to trust me .
What 's the matter ?|Anything wrong ?
Makiko ! Makiko !|She 's trying again to kill herself !
The Founding Fathers did not want me to trust you ... ... and they did not want you to trust me .|Well , they must be very proud of us .
You win , Oona . |What are you doing ? You give pretty good head , if I remember correctly . What ? ! I mean , thank you . But what ? I 'm pretty drunk , but I don 't think it 's going to be a problem . I 'm always telling Amy that you give really good head .
Have you decided if you 're gonna run again ? Yep . Flying home tonight , making my announcement tomorrow .|Why , you want to make me a retirement offer ? Yeah , I happen to have one on me .
Ever see Arnie Vinick campaign ? Up close ? He 'll go into those high school gymnasiums ... ... in Iowa and New Hampshire and blow them all away . Shake every hand in the joint , kiss every baby ... ... hug every widow on Social Security ... ... and sound smarter and more honest than any Republican they 've ever seen ... ... because he is . He could win in the early states . Go into the South with some momentum . Then ...|... who knows what happens ?
You haven 't killed anyone !|When the next film will be over , you 'll take a real vacation , and you 'll come back
It isn 't ... Are we leaving ? Because this party seems to be for fags . Am I right ? Yes , I am . It was really nice meeting you . Get my coat , babe ? That 's not going to happen . I am going to wreck that shit tonight . You know what I 'm saying ? He knows what I 'm talking about .|... cut it out shoo ... shoo ... Hey big dog , on the roof ...
You 'll see again your father|There 's nothing between us anymore
Get us a secure line with the South Korean president . C.J ...|... hold it . Sir ? I can 't move .
If not too much time spent together|You 're ISAKU Makiko , the actress .
Pick up your fucking phone .|It 's fucking freezing out here .
It as never before happened to us|I 've been betting for a long time .
Sorry .|Can we do this quickly ? I 'm on my lunch break . Wow ! This place is a mess . Squalid is the new clean . It 's disgusting .
On the same and only woman|I believe more than anyone , in the power of these fictions engendered by actresses .
Mr Horning ?|What the hell ... ?
Yes . May we ask you some questions ?|Come in , then .
I spent the last six months living with the Secona , ... .. learning from them , ...|Well , apparently they 've learned something from you too . Yes . I 've been teaching them the joys of American bureaucracy .
You could never make love to me because you dreamt of another one|Something other than me ...
Don 't look .|Don 't look at me .
I 'm worried about you . Let me come over . Why ? Why not ?|Dr Lewton 's here . I gotta go . I 'll call you later .
The way Carmen is behaving is tearing this family apart .|Toby ?
Because I wanted to live the lives of others|What part would you like to play ?
What part would you like to play ?|A neglected lover
I 'm sorry .|Fucking millennimals . Me , me , me !
Lonnie ?|I came to tell you ...
Are we eating tonight or what ? I think so . The girl is supposed to be cooking .|Is that a good idea ? Do you have a better one ?
I banish all thoughts !|For you , what does life mean ?
For you , what does life mean ?|Losing the ones I love , one after the other
Then help me to understand !|You ... You can tell me . You know that , don 't you ?
Tell me a word you like|" No " .
Hey this is a neat elevator .|Jesus . Silence ! Keep up .
I want you to stay where you are . I 'll send Agent Mulder over to get you right away , OK ?|OK .
I 'll change my question : what 's the meaning of an actress for you ?|A job like any other
What have you loved most until now ?|My father
I would tip you if I could , but I can 't , so ... I 'm not going to .|I feel bad , but ...
Oh , fuck . Fuck . Donna ? Fuck ! You guys , I 'm getting dressed !|This is embarrassing .
Count them , if you have the time , and then you 'll tell me|Do you remember your first film ?
You guys can 't shoot me like this . I don 't want to just be some drunk whore on reality TV .|Well nobody thinks you 're a whore .
What has cinema given you ?|Becoming an actress , being an actress , continuing being an actress
That man stays in that room until there 's a full search of the museum . Yes , ma 'am .|Hey , Scully ! Come here for a second .
C 'mon honey , pull it together .|Hey , Donna ? Look what I found !
Finally , a body .|What did you find ?
Honestly ?|Because if you don 't pull it together , I 'm going to get fired , and if I get fired I have to move back to Pensacola , and I would rather eat your dog than move back to Pensacola .
It 's Dr Lewton . Looks like his eyes were eaten right out of his sockets .|We still don 't know by what .
I don 't know , I 've never been married|Would you like to get married ?
Would you like to get married ?|I 'll surely marry when this shooting is over
I 'm a professional alcoholic , sweetie .|I have been drunk every time you have ever met me .
I have been drunk every time you have ever met me .|But now you know my secret , so I want to know yours .
I 'm going to look for him .|One last question : what does an actress mean to you ?
Are you serious ? Mm . Cancer serious .|Give me that .
CONFESSION , THEORY , ACTRESS|A film by KIJU Yoshida
I came to sit in on an old friend 's class . That 's annoying ... It 's a new term , my first day of classes . I 'm not very sure of myself .|Please , accept it . There 's a note inside .
Screenplay by YOSHIDA Kiju , YAMADA Masahiro|Photography : HASEGAWA Genkichi Decors : ASAKURA Setsu
Six months ago my roommate attempted suicide , and we decided not to tell my other roommate about it .|Nope .
I came to say : " I 've come to get you " .|You should have said : " I expected you " . Like in the song by ... I forget who ...
Produced by : YOSHIDA Kiju , OKAMURA Kiyoshi|KATSUMATA Junya ISODA Keiji
Boring .|And the thing is I really don 't date people .
Anymore .|Right now .
Here I am Since you 're the head of this shop ... I want you to hurry this job up ! We got no sketches !|We can 't improvise !
Mr. Morel !|I 'm glad to see you . We got problems !
I 'm sure , I want to live with you , I 'd like to watch you fall asleep , wake up .|Is that so unpleasant to hear ? I want to live with you .
Your leaving let me find you again in me , intact , like the first day .|I had to leave . You never finish your sentences : You had to leave , so we 'd meet again .
I had to leave . You never finish your sentences : You had to leave , so we 'd meet again .|Let 's go for coffee . I 'd like a bite to eat . I have three more hours .
Please ! You can 't stop now ! You must finish tonight !|The camping car must go to Amsterdam !
I can 't take it all ! It goes in the car ! The boxes , in the truck !|How would I know ?
Good dog .|Calm down , we 're wrapped .
Do you like working for us , Sam ?|What ?
May I use the phone ?|I want the Amsterdam Auto Show
It 's as if you put me aside to see if it works out with this guy .|Let me put it another way : Do you still love me , or not ? This is ridiculous . What novel do you think you 're in ?
You know yourself , it 's not that simple .|You love me . I know it .
That 's why I 'm asking for a decision .|I 've been waiting you for months ... I 'm ready to wait as long as it takes . But , all this time , you 're living with a guy . If you were alone , you 'd think . We could see each other sometimes .
Now what ?|I 'll get a mechanic Yes , go find a mechanic
Long way down from here .|Fuck .
We could go out together .|As times go by , you could make up your mind ... You 'd know if you want to live with me or another lover . It 'd be fine for you , you 'd be a girl with two lovers . Two ? Dozens ! Even better .
That 's the plan .|So ! What did you do today ? I applied for one billion jobs .
You spend each day with this other guy . I never know what you 're doing . If you 're cooking do you make him the same things you did for me ?|If you 're drinking wine ...
Phone call for the Altra representative !|Yes , it 's me
We 're short .|So ... what are we gonna do now ?
Dial me this number , at once|I 'll use the other line
The visitors are pouring in Sir , why are you here ?|I hope you find one
OSCAR : We 're all set .|Sam ! We 're good !
Perhaps you 've already talked about it ?|Yes , we talked about it .
So , what does he want to do ? Marry you ?|He wants to marry me .
ARI : Peace .|Where 's he going ? We need a different lens so that we can get more of .
Then go on ! Get married , get married ! What are you waiting for ?|If you hesitate , it can 't be too solid . Meanwhile , I 'm waiting .
What was that about ?|What is even going on ?
Cops 're cops , the world over !|I understand you
Oof , all right , well ... You can blow it if you want to . Make a wish .|Or we could just put it back on my face .
I wasn 't hanging on to you , but to my pain , trying to hold it , to keep you near me , to keep us together .|The day I stop suffering , when I work it out , as you say , I 'll have become someone else , and I don 't want that . That day , we 'll have lost each other for ever .
Hey , Mr. Priest ! We were , we were looking for No problem , Tony . Don 't worry about it .|Agua ? Si ?
Soap ! For washing your hands !|My papers are in order !
My papers are in order !|You think I 'm a thief !
A barbecue !|You push and there you are !
He also said he 'd do it even more , if the powerful republics , didn 't tax alcohol so mercilessly .|I have to go . I have an appointment . What are you doing later ? I 'm going home . Stop by afterwards . Or this evening .
Come over here !|My nerves are shot !
Come in .|Did you see my sculpture ? I did it this morning .
I 'll show you ... We have to wait for water pressure|Turn on the hot water motor
Have a look There !|You see ?
What does declared value mean ?|Fine , I 'll put down any amount !
Fine , I 'll put down any amount !|It can be a ceiling light , too !
Somebody get on that leg . We need to wrap this up .|Why isn 't Sam helping ? Because Sam lacks initiative and longs for the sweet embrace of unemployment .
Get in there , Sam !|OSCAR : All right . I 'm going to smoke three cigarettes in rapid succession , and then let 's wrap this thing up . Ok kids ?
Yes , it 's connected|Well , that 's not my department !
Very comfortable !|There !
Fuck you .|What ? What are you ? Some sort of faggot ?
See ? It works !|It was a big hit at our auto show !
Mmmmmm . I 'm a fag too , FYI .|KEN : What the fuck is this ?
Are you here ?|I 've been to shopping , do you want to eat now ? Yes , something to nibble on . We 'll eat later .
I don 't know why , but I love the decor !|Where do we sign ?
No , you idiot asshole . " Your wetback friend " ?|Oh . Oh . " Oh " ?
Oh . Oh . " Oh " ?|You 're my best friend , you say nothing to that shithead , and all I get is " oh . "
What 's going on ? You 're at the police station ?|Hand me my briefcase !
I wanted to keep it for myself . But it 's funny , I can 't hide anything from you .|How did it go ? Is she pretty ? What did you do ?
Capers are fancy .|Oh !
I shouldn 't watch you eat it . I 'll go into the kitchen .|I 'm gonna watch you eat it ! I 'm sorry , I have to .
A kind of satisfaction in washing dishes ...|A feeling of being useful ...
ALEX : Ok , I got it .|Food is important , Lisa . But food is not justice . When I was a bad lawyer , when I was fucking up justice worse than you fucked up whatever that was ... Chicken piccata . CHRIS : That was chicken piccata ? Honey .
Know this ?|She 's the singer the Germans tried to promote ... After Marlene Dietrich left .
I like blondes .|Home sweet ... almost home .
Home sweet ... almost home .|Thank God .
" In the Warsaw ghetto , the S.D. men defy the rabbis " .|" Himmler delivers his speech on King Henry the Fowler . In 1936 . "
It 's nice !|I forgot him !
Uh , how do you mean ?|Just that like , you 're going someplace , and someone else is going to that same place , and it 's not ... perfect , but , you both want the same stuff ? I don 't now .
I 'll tell you . Wait , I 'll count ...|Now look at the ceiling , you 'll see it appear .
Now look at the ceiling , you 'll see it appear .|Look at the ceiling ... See it ?
The frog ...|I regret not having known the days when girls , in the streets of our cities , along country roads , swooned over soldiers .
I want ...|That 's ... that 's what I want .
There 's just too much stuff . And everything makes me so stressed out .|And I can 't distract myself with ... sexy ... you .
Nice doggy ! Nice doggy !|Stay here !
Nothing , of course ... Why ? I called that girl . I waited a while before calling her , and wonder if I made a mistake . She pretended to be very busy .|Our date is tomorrow . Want to come along ? It 's at 4 : 00 , at the " Deux Magots " .
Nothing left to chance . So decide if I 'm to sit , stand , talk or be quiet .|Absolutely no improvising . If I 'm to talk , tell me what to say . I 'll say whatever you want me to . I 'll recite . Don 't expect anything else .
It 's urgent|I must phone the auto show
OK .|Goodnight , Ari .
Yes . I 'm getting married .|Well , that 's fine , all you had to do was tell me .
It 's not gonna happen . What 's wrong ? It 's nothing .|Yeah ? Yeah .
May I ... ? Yes , please !|ARI : We gotta go , dude !
ARI : We gotta go , dude !|ARI : Those philandering ghosts aren 't gonna catch themselves , or whatever .
The bill ?|Mr. Hulot , please help me !
Something to clean with please !|What ?
What ?|No , nothing
Look at me . Can you say you love him more than me ? Oh , please ... You see , you can 't say it .|I love him differently .
No , here ! Where ? Here or there ?|There ?
What 's this bill ? 300,000 francs of electricity ! What does this mean ? I won 't hear of it ! What does this mean ?|You lit the stand day and night ! I 'm talking to you ! Get the director ! Tell him I 'm fed up !
You 've begun to live an untroubled life again .|You 're peaceful .
You think I 'll pay this ?|We didn 't occupy the stand ! Our car is the result of French imagination ! It was designed by us !
We didn 't occupy the stand ! Our car is the result of French imagination ! It was designed by us !|Our invention wasn 't even shown ! You didn 't see the Camper !
Remember ? We said it had been a narrow escape . That we were lucky to have a childhood our kids may not . In this new world where you 're old at 17 . Your parents taught children French . Taught morality .|You 'll be an executive 's wife , You 'll make a beautiful couple . Very New Society ... A thief and a criminal ...
The guy who , every night , stole in under the nose of the police to see his wife ? People as beautiful as a Nicholas Ray film .|Remember , I said when Fauqueux got out of prison , the little girl he kidnapped , would be 18 or 19 years old .
Hello ? Hi , Sweetie ! Hi , Dad ! Is this a ... bad time ? No ! Of course ! Hi ! . Hi ! I 'm just cleaning up at home . Oh , OK ! Oh . Was your apartment not clean ? No , that 's ...|I 'm just tidying up . Ah , OK . Because , you know your aunt recommended this woman who comes by once a week . Maybe you could hire someone like that once a month ! That 's a great idea , Dad . We just can 't really afford anything ... like that . OK . Is Sam still uh ... I don 't mean to say " struggling , " but struggling ? Y 'know , with work . I mean , just your mother and I are ... I know , Dad . We thought he would be getting it together by now , and ... Dad .
You have to stay here . But why ? You have your own chores , Which I count on you to do , ja ? Besides , I need you here To protect your mother .|See you tonight .
OK , OK .|Sorry , Sweetie . Your mother and I are Just , Dad , don 't worry . OK ?
Let 's go inside , Benjo .|Benjo .
She 'll piece the story together .|And if she 's beautiful , God willing , I bet she meets him at the prison gate . I don 't see what else she can do .
Come here now . come on .|Hey there .
I don 't understand .|We ... didn 't bring a gift . Sorry , Shannon . SHANNON : Lisa , guys , that 's fine ! BLAIRE : You didn 't bring a gift to a baby shower ? What are you supposed to shower the baby with ? SAM : The presents are for Shannon . The baby doesn 't give a fuck .
And people get furious . I think it 's fine ...|Have a seat ?
We can 't ...|We couldn 't afford anything nice enough to bother .
With one difference ... this time , I hope , you 'll come . Well . This evening , if you can make it .|Oh , I can do what I want .
Yeah .|ARI : Sort of like how you couldn 't afford a haircut that makes you look like a human .
No , I wouldn 't have done that . So you waited a long time . I 'm sorry . I told you , it doesn 't matter . In fact , it worked out well .|I hadn 't been stood up in a long time . I 'd forgotten the phrase . You brought it back like other things you never hear . For example , You never hear the word lemonade anymore ... No one says : " I had an excellent lemonade at lunch " . I thought of that while waiting for you , and after , as I stayed on . I said , if she comes , I 'll talk about lemonade , to see how you 'd react .
I love you so fucking much .|ARI : Did you see those tips ?
I 've never known how strangers can make conversation ... It 's best to sit there in silence , or talk a lot , which is the same ... But to grope for words , trying this and that ... Why ?|As a rule , you know , I 'm attracted to women for exterior reasons ... that have nothing to do with them . Draped on them like a robe , a coat , one might drape on someone else .
Is that not what a dirty martini is ? What 's dirtier than tequila ?|Hey .
There 's no spark .|I have to go get ready . I have a night shift , in the suburbs .
We are never gonna survive this .|STEVEN : It 's all right , Lola . I know it 's emotional . Trust me . Ignorance is not bliss .
Yeah . Okay . Mm .|Somebody took a whip to him , too .
Somebody took a whip to him , too .|Makes you wonder what kind of marks were left on his soul And if he 'll thank you for saving him , In the unlikely event that he lives .
Makes you wonder what kind of marks were left on his soul And if he 'll thank you for saving him , In the unlikely event that he lives .|Hold him down .
Hold him down .|Aah . Hold him down . Hold him .
What about " La Coupole " at 2 : 00 ?|Good .
Me too .|See you then .
I bet it was that whore from his office . She cried harder at the funeral than I did . Just you wait .|Because we asked Charlie that very question . LOLA : Oh my God , Charlie ! Hey , where 's Toby ? I don 't know . I haven 't seen him since yesterday . ARI : Hmm .
Because we asked Charlie that very question . LOLA : Oh my God , Charlie ! Hey , where 's Toby ? I don 't know . I haven 't seen him since yesterday . ARI : Hmm .|He texted me from that party in the village , but I haven 't heard from him since .
He texted me from that party in the village , but I haven 't heard from him since .|LOLA : Son of a bitch .
Listen , I haven 't fucked him .|Oh yes , so you 've said ... But I don 't suppose you 'll just be gazing in each other 's eyes ...
I have no desire to fuck him ... It 's a desire that can come on fast .|When the woman you love fucks a friend , it 's tough . But you can live with it . But when she fucks , gets turned on as you like to say , by a guy you can 't stand , she puts you on the same level ...
I did it without thought .|It is no disloyalty to him for you to turn to me .
I cannot think about those things yet .|Ben is gone , Rebecca . so is my Martha .
Anyway , whatever I say ... Do what you have to . I 'm busy tonight ...|Going out with the nurse ? Yes , with the nurse ... Going out to eat ?
Going out with the nurse ? Yes , with the nurse ... Going out to eat ?|Eat , have a drink , I 'm not sure ...
I have every confidence in you , my dear .|You 're sweet ...
Everything comes to be a part of the music , Sooner or later .|And now you have , too .
Do you , though ?|Maybe ? I don 't know ! Do I really give a fuck ?
You seem tired , or Ina bad mood .|We could meet some other day ... No , I 'm all right .
Where am I ?|In a safe place .
Toby !|Hi .
I don 't know .|I guess I got day and night confused . People are beautiful at night ... Like Paris . Paris is very beautiful at night , trimmed of the ugly fat of traffic .
It 's just me . You don 't have a hell of a lot to worry about .|Hear me well .
I spent my time drinking , gambling , making love . I had a bit of money ... When I have money , I don 't do a thing , I hate people 's attitude of always wanting more .|In the mornings , I 'd have a last drink in the cafes with the people who 'd just woken up and washed , faces heavy with sleep , going to work . And I 'd go home . She 'd wake up to go to work .
This is a plain house . We trust in our god to take care of us .|Punishment for the wicked
I was like right there , Ari .|God , I 'm so sorry , Toby . No , I don 't want to ...
Is that what you think I 'm offering you ?|No . No , ma 'am .
God , I 'm so sorry , Toby . No , I don 't want to ...|And I can 't even ... with this Ghost Cheaters shit , you know ?
Usually , It 's just people in transit . Like a F. W. Murnau film . F. W. Murnau films are always about transition from city to country , day to night . There 's all that here .|To the right , trains , the country ...
From here , there seems to be not one speck of earth .|Nothing but concrete , stone and cars .
Nothing but concrete , stone and cars .|I don 't like this light .
I don 't like this light .|Are you uncomfortable ? You seem restless .
Then ride on , please . Much obliged , ma 'am . No , that 's not what I want .|Mr. Hunter , my place is not for sale .
Hoo boy .|I 'm home ! Who 's home ?
I 'm home ! Who 's home ?|ARI : Hi , honey ! You survived ! Amen .
Hey , gorgeous . Hey stranger .|How 'd you do ?
Ma 'am .|Be seeing you again . I hope so .
Missed you .|Miss you too .
Come here .|Missed you .
Right ?|You are like so deep .
You are like so shallow .|This I would miss .
This I would miss .|ARI : Are you going somewhere ?
Not bad !|You know , eating cold things , you taste the cold , not the flavor .
Nowhere .|I don 't know where my rent is coming from .
You could just move in with us .|Do you purr ever ?
Do you purr ever ?|You could sleep at the foot of my bed , lick the dishes clean . Oh , you kinky whore .
Benjo Yoder , what a terrible thing to say . Now you apologize . There 's no need , ma 'am .|Oh . Excuse me .
Oh , yeah , prison . No .|That was because I didn 't eat all my pickled beets .
When I was growing up , I didn 't have any brothers , or dogs , or fathers , so Sam is like all of those at the same time .|Hi ! Hi !
Come on . Whoo . That 's it .|Come on . That 's it .
Come on , come on .|That 's it . Whoo . Ay . Come on . Ay .
An hour , a night ... I turn a lot of people off .|That 's normal .
OSCAR : Yes .|So , the hip is not getting any better , unfortunately , which accounts for Cooper walking in circles so much , and the licking is also a problem .
The hip replacement ... The hip replacement ? The hip replacement will stop the circling , obviously , and so that 's what I would recommend .|And uh how much does the hip replacement cost , for my dog ?
At first , I fucked these assholes , I fucked a lot of doctors .|I always drink whiskey with Coke .
Truly the light is sweet , And a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun|Ecclesiastes .
I don 't want to go back . I want to walk . I could walk all night with you .|I 'd like to go down by the water .
We thought it would be our promised land .|Sometimes , the will of the lord is hard to understand .
OLIVER : Oh , I beg your pardon . It obviously does hurt . That looks like the grimace of a dying madman .|Can we ... could we ? You know ...
Mr. Hunter kills our animals and poisons our watering holes .|And he had his men murder my Ben .
And he had his men murder my Ben .|They hung him for a cattle thief
... is that there 's no snow .|There isn 't any snow . Ahahahaha !
And I imagined you 'd drop everything and we 'd go off together .|Okay . I 'm going to wash .
Hello ? Yes , hold on . It 's her .|Hello ? Did you sleep well ? No , not at all ...
Tonight at the " Flore " , at 8 : 00 ? Fine .|See you then .
Oh , you 're jealous ... Go on , I love it when you 're jealous . No , it 's just been a long time since you 've talked to me that nicely .|Maybe you just don 't listen . But go on ... I love it when you 're jealous . I 've told you : I love you because you are only one who makes me laugh .
SAM : Hang on ... What are we hanging on for ?|It 's here somewhere ... I know it 's here somewhere ...
Try to get her breathing .|What ? Grab her by the hind legs and swing it around . Swing it around .
Very funny , douche . Pack it up . We 're going home .|What happened ?
What happened ?|I don 't know . The audio is gone . DANA : Let me see .
That 's what you used to say to me When you 'd bring me flowers . We had us a nice crop of fat lambs , And the bone pile 's been small . You would 've been so proud of Benjo .|It 's hard sometimes .
That 's correct . Excuse me .|I don 't know what happened . I think I got distracted , I guess .
I don 't know what happened . I think I got distracted , I guess .|Fuck .
That ain 't the way I 'll tell it . No . A coward and a liar .|You know , you 're beginning to rile me , boy .
Toby ?|Toby ?
Aah .|Mister , you are looking to get dead . Next time , I will accommodate you .
Do what you like , it 's the best I can offer .|Want to come up to the apartment of the woman I live with ? You may know her ... I think that dress is from her shop . And she 's a good cook ... There 's wine , whiskey , even Coke . Music , television .
I should be moving on . You promised to stay through summer .|Do you hear that , Johnny ?
What happened ?|It 's not even ...
God damn it . Hey ... hey , listen . Something got fucked up . I think ... It 's just a thing that happened .|And Oscar needed to ... or Powers would 've made him fire someone anyways .
Daughter of a mischievous bitch . You deserve to drown .|You gonna come down and wallow in the mud
Why would you do that ?|I 'm gonna go home for a while , Ari .
So the first chance I got , I ran away . But he got the dogs after me , And he dragged me back|He chained me up to a post in the barn Next to the scalding box
Look .|OK .
I don 't know ... You 'd have fucked me , back then ? I 'm not sure .|Since we met , I 've had erotic dreams about you ...
Since we met , I 've had erotic dreams about you ...|I get the feeling you 're good in bed .
I know that you don 't have health insurance ... Fifteen thousand dollars . And getting fired is horrible and scary , especially when it 's Oscar , who 's already horrible and scary , but you don 't have to leave New York , for God 's sake . I know . You 're an adult , with like options , and agency , and I know I sound like Planned Parenthood , but ... you could move in with us !|That is crazy . Just , please , I 'm saying don 't go .
I don 't trust nobody . I don 't belong anywhere . I don 't deserve god 's forgiveness .|And , uh ...
And , uh ...|No . I don 't deserve you .
I have a reason to stay , Ari .|I 'm just ... I 'm not going to stay .
I get the feeling you 're good in bed .|It depends on the day , and the opinion ...
It depends on the day , and the opinion ...|Want to make love to me ?
Haven 't you noticed ? There are people going by .|Waiting for us to make love . I don 't see a soul . Who are these people ?
Voyeurs , homosexuals , cops ...|Maybe all three combined ...
I cannot give up my family and my god . It 's too much to ask .|What 'll they do to you ?
What 'll they do to you ?|They 'll make me go on my knees Before the church and confess my sins .
They shouldn 't call it Queens . They should call it ... Princesses .|Your friends seem nice .
Like her breasts ?|Very nice , that 's her only good feature .
It doesn 't matter what I want . Yes , it does , Rebecca . That 's all that matters . That 's not true .|Marry me .
Why ? Why can 't you do what you want ?|I can 't .
Please let me still work for you . Your other friends are so nice . Tori was just saying that you 've done ... you do this ... you 've done this before ... I don 't know . I just can 't ... I 'm not ... OK please , calm down . It was super fucked up of her to say any of that shit . Yes , it was , and whatever she said , I 'm sorry but we don 't do this .|ALEX : You 're a friend of ours , Lisa . CHRIS : Truth . ALEX : Emma was also a friend , and she moved in with us , and that ... that was something we had never done before . Together . Right , yes , as a ... a couple .
With a penitent heart|And confess to your sins now , Then ye shall be forgiven of them .
And confess to your sins now , Then ye shall be forgiven of them .|I confess that I failed to keep myself separate , That I took the outsider Johnny Gault
ALEX : But we 're not some ... predatory sex vultures , I promise , OK ?|OK . Yes , I 'm sorry . ALEX : Don 't be ! I 'm sorry you had to deal with that .
Homeward Bound is a good dog movie .|My boyfriend wouldn 't even mind , I think . It 's just not my thing . I tried once . Just not my thing .
Pop music 's religious , and I only like popular music , Mozart , the Rolling Stones , Edith Piaf ... By the way , I do have good news . You know Ferrand , the guy I couldn 't stand ? He 's dead , like that , in the flower of youth . He crossed me . He married a girl I 'd gone out with .|I 've noticed , people who cross me always have bad luck .
Not bad .|We have a date , she hasn 't seen me . I don 't know what I 'll do . Oh , I 'll go on over . Be right back .
I 'm sorry .|I don 't know what happened . I thought I did everything you told me to do , I really do , Ari .
Would he demand That I deny the love I bear for this one man ? Rebecca .|I looked into my heart
How is she ? Fine , I guess . She 's in London .|Let 's go . I want to hear that Marlene Dietrich record .
I cannot lie to you Or to god Or to myself .|I cannot pretend to believe what I do not , And I do not believe that my love for Johnny
Is wrong .|I am so sorry ...
It 's not my job to yell at you . It 's just something that happened .|And I 'm just gonna forgive you anyway , so ...
Rebecca Yoder ...|Rebecca Gault , You have been placed under the ban By all members of the church .
Shit , do you realize , it could come out of my nostrils !|It 's your fault . You just had to take it out .
It 's your fault . You just had to take it out .|Can 't we spend a night without fucking ? I said I didn 't want to fuck .
You two be careful up there .|Boys .
Practice . I 'm gonna go home for a while , Ari . ARI : I guess you 're the new Toby now , which means you 're one step closer to being Oscar . Silver lining .|SAM  : You think , this is what I wanted , but this is not how I wanted it .
How do you want to make love ? Tenderly , or violently ? Either way .|No , tell me .
Hello Alexandre , it 's Veronika ... Hello . What time did you leave ?|At 6 : 00 . You could 've woken me to say goodbye ... As I recall , you like to wake up by yourself .
Exactly . We all have a light . In here . I learned that from my cousin . She was part Hopi . She 's dead now , but when she passed some fraction of her soul latched on to mine , and now I am capable of achieving this kind of ... subliminal intimacy with nature . I call it " sublintimacy . "|Oscar , have you ever seen a film called The Matrix ? DANA : All set ! Thank God ! Hey , can I get that for you , Ari ?
Oscar , have you ever seen a film called The Matrix ? DANA : All set ! Thank God ! Hey , can I get that for you , Ari ?|Let me get that for you . Yes ... no ... whatever . Come on , Liam .
I work till 5 : 00 Want to go to the movies afterwards ?|I don 't know if there 's anything to see . I like horror movies . Old vampire movies . They 're so ridiculous ...
All elegists are creeps .|Well , we 'll see ... Can we meet at 6 : 00 at the " Flore " ? See you tonight at 6 : 00 . Kisses .
You know , the lover I used to live with ...|He loved yogurt .
And the wind ..|And the birds ...
On our roof .|I love you , Rebecca . Oh , Johnny .
To salute the sun , one would think .|What do you think of Liam ?
You should get paid more .|I would if I could .
For everything|You mind those ruts , now . Don 't you worry . I 'll take it nice and slow
 And the weather for Dark Falls , scattered thunderstorms tonight followed by more rain tomorrow , with a chance of clearing in the afternoon .|That 's a chance of sunshine in the afternoon .
Oh . And if my vet calls ...|Oh , hell .
He loved yogurt .|He loved it , so I bought about thirty . I went into this supermarket in the neighborhood . I got nothing but yogurt . I remember I came staggering home with tho huge bags ...
He loved it , so I bought about thirty . I went into this supermarket in the neighborhood . I got nothing but yogurt . I remember I came staggering home with tho huge bags ...|I thought , " Oh , wow , will he flip out when he opens the refrigerator ... "
I was evicted for making a lot of racket .|The good thing with him was that we spent our time fucking .
Then I was late , and I called my supervisor .|I told her I 'd done the night shift , and had overslept . And what made me laugh , was when I got there , she said to me : " Ah , Veronika I can see you 've slept well , you look very healthy " .
I told her I 'd done the night shift , and had overslept . And what made me laugh , was when I got there , she said to me : " Ah , Veronika I can see you 've slept well , you look very healthy " .|That old lover ... He loved yogurt , and wanted me to say " I love you ... " He 'd say : " Veronika , tell me you love me , tell me you love me ...
What is even the point of a sun salutation , Jaseph ? Well you know , the sun is very important in most cultures . There 's an Indian myth ... dot , not feather ... that says , " The sun contains the potentiality of all that is to be known . "|Which is neat .
And he loved to browse in that tufted old garden ...|The pleasure he found was forever new ...
Petey ?|Petey .
I 'm sorry I startled you .|Amanda ? Oh !
Mr. Dawes .|It was so restful in the dark . I must have fallen asleep . I 'm sorry . I gave your daughter a start . I 'm Compton Dawes of Dark Falls Realty . Oh . Hi . I 'm Amanda Benson . Mr. Dawes showed us the house when your father and I came down here last month . I just have a few documents that need your signature .
Without knowing why or how , you have taken it . I just simply .|Give it to you ...
You embarrass me ...|I think it 's time for the Sunrise Preacher ...
I think it 's time for the Sunrise Preacher ...|He 's already started .
You 're right . I 'm sorry .|It 's good .
Shall we breakfast at " Mahieu 's " ?|It 's a little place on St. Michel that opens at 5 : 25 .
Just for my own is there such a thing as sex so good it 's worth bed bugs ?|Mmm . I don 't ...
Not right now . It 's not a good time .|But the sun 's just coming out . Maybe tomorrow . Come on . Let 's go .
That oughta keep the boogey man out . Or boogey girl .  It was a joke , honey . I know .|You 're not liking it here , are you ?
Sure . Thanks .|Your life makes me sad . Join the club .
To speak with the words of others ... That 's what I 'd like .|That 's what freedom must be .
Dad really needs to do some tree trimming back here .|It 's so dark .
You made it . I 'm a strong female character . Thank you . Where is everybody ? Scouting that waterfall . We should head over there in a bit , I guess .|Hang on . Your ear . Not that one .
Do you remember that girl I saw last night ? You mean your nightmare ?|It wasn 't a nightmare , Josh .
I 'm afraid it 'll all be gone ...|I 'm afraid ...
There is no danger whatsoever .|I still think it 's something you should 've told us about . Perhaps I should have .  Well , I 'd better get going . Wait a minute . Wait .
You mind if we go in ? Oh . No , no . Come in .|Would you like something to drink ?
We don 't work for him , we work with him , like freelance . So you guys must really like working for him . With him . Nope , we don 't . We just like eating and paying rent . So , it 's just a temporary thing . Right . I guess it doesn 't feel like it sometimes , anymore .|Well that sucks .
I 've got it all figured out .|I 'm gonna find like one production crew , and just try and stick with them for like ... a year , maybe . Yeah , I could do a year . And then I 'm basically just gonna wait everyone else out .
You should change the sheets , they 're dirty and bloody ...|No , I won 't change them . It could arouse suspicion ...
ARI  : you think wow .|Fuck !
Didn 't you know ?|No . Today , tomorrow ... I wasn 't sure .
I 'm not sure . Forget it . I 'm sure it 's nothing . Petey ! Petey !|Petey !
You good ? Yeah , yeah . I 'm good . And just like that ...|OK .
Mom ! Dad ! Come here quick ! Something 's wrong !| He 's gone ! Petey 's gone !
You think I should get out of the city more .|You think where is he ?
She 'll see I 've been there . I think she already knows .|What 'll you say ? I don 't know . I 'll see .
I can see you weren 't bored . The place reeks of her perfume . You had quite a party , glasses , bottles ...|Ans she slept here ... Those breakfast cups .
You think I am so high .|You think nature is really big .
I don 't think so . It wouldn 't be very smart of her .|No , I don 't think she should have . She does amazing things . Last time I saw her , she had a bandaged hand . Another time , she had a bad foot she hopped along on her good one . She always comes up with something new .
It 's coming from over there .| Yes , you too .
LISA  : You think how did I get here ?|You think , is this worth it ?
Yeah .|Probably .
You don 't feel a thing .|I need to feed !
" Maoism " , " The People 's Cause " are so much drunken talk . The other day , I nearly said ? " Aren 't you ashamed , getting so drunk , with a Nobel Prize ? "|You can 't take him seriously anymore .
She 's a friend ...|You saw her here with me the other day ... It 's funny , seeing someone you know wanted for something like murder .
I wish Amanda would get back .|Looks like they may not make the meal .
I 'm sorry ? No , it 's good . I like it . LISA  : You think this isn 't that bad , right ? This is totally worth it . This isn 't even ...|What ? MAN : Do you run ? What ? No . I mostly walk .
Not potential murderers , real ones .|Especially in France .
The women who committed suicide , the ones who went off with guys ...|And now this one , who has to hide or go to jail .
Come on ! Come on ! Good arm , Josh .|After you 're one of us , maybe we can play some ball .
 Dad ! Dad !| Let him go !
And if one holds abortion to be a crime , I know dozens , hundreds of murderers and their accomplices . The streets are really full of murderers .|And they feel fine . If you reproached them , they 'd be astonished . They feel no remorse , quite the contrary . Relief .
It 's kind of fun in like a David Lynch way .|Take a seat , ladies !
Is there something you don 't like about the house ? We can talk about it .|It 's not easy getting people to move in here . We can refinance !
Excuse me . It 's time for me to go .|I can take a taxi if you stay here . No , I 'll come with you .
Please !|You don 't seem to understand ! We need you ! Come back ! Come back !
Perhaps you want to be alone . Or you 're expecting someone ...|The same .
Close the doors !| Petey , are we ever glad to see you .
Lisa ? It 's Jasmine .|Miss Lisa ?
 Nothing scares my sister Kim . She 's one of those fearless kids that make me sick .|One day , something happened to change even her tune .
Howard .|Lamar 's dad . I know .
But in a bad film , it would be called the " message " .|Another one , please .
Without it , we 're doomed , I tell you . Doomed ! I warned you , Sir Howard , you must never open the sarcophagus .|Too late for that now . We need that mummy dust !
Are you guys ... still reading Roald Dahl ?|The Minpins . I love the Minpins ! What 's going on ? Miss Lisa teaches my son .
Maybe he 's right , Kim . Maybe we shouldn 't disturb it .|Hello ? Anybody home ?
What the fuck ?|And you already ... Yes , of course . Everywhere .
I didn 't think you 'd call me .|I lied to you . I was free . I didn 't come on purpose .
She didn 't just leave . I wish she had left with just a note .|" Goodbye . I 'm leaving " .
ARI : How long do we have ?|Tomorrow .
Tomorrow .|It 's due tomorrow .
" Goodbye . I 'm leaving " .|I 'd have liked that .
I 'd talked to her .|I 'd decided to fall in love with the first girl I met . You were that woman . Shall I go on ?
It 's OK .|I have a plan .
I have a plan .|What ?
I could 've gone by earlier , or across the street .|And when you didn 't show up that first time , she came by , and we had a drink . I leave her , I see you . You don 't come , she does . Then , you come .
Why didn 't we meet sooner . A month , a year ago ? ... We cruised the same areas .|I don 't see how people leave people .
I never left anyone .|That 's why I always get left .
Am I crazy , or were his arms crossed before ?  Shawna , you 're right .|You are crazy .
He 's just a wimp , that 's all .|And wimps get what they ask for .
And wimps get what they ask for .|This is gonna be a lot of fun .  Kim , don 't get too carried away .
What ? You quit teaching ? I didn 't ...|Wait a second .
What lesbians ?|Chris and Alex ! I 've been working for them like all summer . Have you been like asleep ?
There was blood on the walls , from our fights .|Once , I hit her very hard , and broke something .
Once , I hit her very hard , and broke something .|Her face was bandaged for two weeks . Last time we made love , she looked like Frankenstein .
Now , that 's what I call mummy dust .|I still don 't get why Dad sent the mummy here . Didn 't he know there was some kind of curse on it ? Of course he did . But he thought it was just superstition . But I don 't understand how the mummy came back to life . According to legend , he could only be revived ... if someone opened the sarcophagus and broke the sacred seal . Oops .
October 10 , 1999 .|Searching .
I know .|You don 't . This is so ...
Suddenly ... I was in a bus ...|I felt something , very deeply .
You have to go to work !|I would ask what we 're going to do now , but you are probably also stumped .
How was that ?|Tell me we got that !
A veritable revelation .|Suddenly , I felt very happy .
That would be a lie . Do we have more glasses ? Liam ?|We 've got some options ... I don 't ...
I raced to her apartment . She wasn 't there .|I looked everywhere , I called her friends .
I looked everywhere , I called her friends .|She 'd disappeared .
My commission to seaQuest came after the G.E.L.F. Crisis . I swore I 'd never get stuck on a boat , but the Navy offered me a commission of a lifetime . Stole my freedom away . I must sound like a jerk .|All I 've been doing is talking about myself . I asked .
You must be the roommate who ...|What ?
What ?|Oh my God .
Let 's dance .|Yeah . I found Brody , but the place is pretty crowded .
It 's a pathetic story .|I don 't think life can be like these strange worlds which bar reentry once the doors close .
Made ... what ? Well , one of my friends tried to kill himself too but he couldn 't even get that right . I mean , he did get it right eventually , so ...|That must 've been rewarding , I guess ! Donna !
It 's my fault , Commander . The guys bought me a drink for my birthday . Is that supposed to be an acceptable excuse ?|Relax , you guys got a reprieve . We 're waiting for a UEO research team . They 're gonna hitch a ride with us to the Delphi . New departure time , 0600 hours . What was the name of that cab she hopped in ? Jimmy , she blew you off . She 's playing hard to get . She 's playing impossible to get .
Nausea is a noble disorder .|It is not the name that fits this dust , this shame , that sticks in my throat , that I cannot swallow , nor spit up .
You ever have someone disappear on you before ? It 's a very creepy feeling . You start to wonder what the hell 's wrong with you .|I thought we were getting to know each other .
But when the earth trembles under our feet ... when love , success , revolution no longer mean anything ...|You know , the world will be saved by children , soldiers ... and madmen .
You know , the world will be saved by children , soldiers ... and madmen .|I think your friend is here . She didn 't see you . She 's over there .
I 'm not . It was one time . It was a mistake . I 'm figuring it out . Yeah ? Well figure faster .|LISA : Water 's fine , thanks .
Look , this isn 't a conquest thing if that 's what you think . That 's not what I think . All right , then marry me .|Okay , don 't marry me .
By the way , we 're having a little party , a little party for Maurice 's birthday .|At my place , rue de Vaugirard .
He 's dumb , thinks he 's irresistible . And it 's fun to hear bullshit . Perhaps ...|I followed you because I wanted to be with you .
This bubble has burst , and I don 't know what 's left .|I might go home for a while .
It 's me .|Mom ?
Don 't go home , Lisa . A while is a long time .|How do you guys do it ?
How do you guys do it ?|What ?
Take us out , Commander . Aye , sir .|Taking in laundry , Lieutenant ? Oh , I just found these things and I was just , you know ...
Taking in laundry , Lieutenant ? Oh , I just found these things and I was just , you know ...|ALISON : That 's blood . Did you get hurt ? This is from the guy who took a shot at you . I 'm gonna run this strain through DNA and find out who 's trying to kill you . Jimmy , I don 't want you to waste time playing detective . Just be with me .
I love you , and I want to fuck you again .|Can you bring guys to your room ? No , but all the girls do it .
Why do you think I insisted on a double bed ?|But I don 't want the man I love to see my sordid place .
I wanted to see what kind of a man my little boy grew into .|My little man .
I only sleep with that kind . Me , I fuck a lot of Arabs and Jews .|That 's something else ...
When I saw you tonight , I saw how happy you were , all that you 'd accomplished , I realized I had no business dropping back into your life like that .|So I ran .
So I ran .|Did Mom and Dad take good care of you ?
Foot fetish parties .|Sure .
Emma .|And sometimes the ideas don 't work , and sometimes the ideas are stupid , but it just makes you realize that the thing you built the ideas around is strong .
And sometimes the ideas don 't work , and sometimes the ideas are stupid , but it just makes you realize that the thing you built the ideas around is strong .|It 's like the law . Here we go . There are so many stupid little ...
You 're on an alien kick . Yes . I adore aliens . I adore fucking aliens . It turns me on , too . Sorry , but it does . Every time . Don 't be sorry .|But then why me ? I don 't know . Stupid , probably .
I went by the old house , left some yellow roses on the porch .|They were Mom 's favorite .
Law .|The big thing . Despite all the little things ... The spittoons .
Or leave him , and come stay with us for a while .|We do have a spare room .
I 'm sorry .|I thought they would 've told you . They did . I always thought they told me I came from a bank because they were protecting your reputation .
I thought they would 've told you . They did . I always thought they told me I came from a bank because they were protecting your reputation .|Jimmy , I wanted a child . I wanted you . Insemination gave me options .
I can make coffee ... Nescafe .|You have nothing else ?
We should talk about the apartment fire . OK .|Well , honestly , most of the stuff was my husband 's and I was in Monaco for the summer , so it really wasn 't a big deal .
What have you done since I saw you ?|I went and fucked ... or got fucked ... whichever ...
You annoyed me . I wanted to stay with you . I told you . I insisted . You sure humiliated me .|I think I did it just to get back at you . You had a few hours to kill . You could have spent them at home , watching TV . Watching TV ?
I don 't know . I don 't think so . Look , Donna . I don 't ... Oscar .|Donna . I 'm Lynne . We met when you were signing the papers for the show . Yeah , nice to see you . You do still want to do the show , right Donna ?
It 's nice to sleep a feeling a cock , even soft , against your ass .|But you 're jealous ? I don 't know ... No , it excites me .
I don 't think ... Perfect ! Keep up the good work . Repeat after me .|The fire was the worst thing that ever happened to me .
We had just crammed three weeks straight for a physics final and we took a bottle of Dom to the Saint John 's River and ... What ? What happened ? What ?|Damn .
You read stomachs , too ?|Your mother 's asleep and she 's resting comfortably , Jim . You need to keep your strength up .
I gotta get her to go back under , John .|She 's the only family I got .
Go get him ! Go ! Go !|Everybody down ! Move out of the way ! WOMAN : Hey ! Come on , let 's move !
Well , yes ... I was asleep . Excuse me . It doesn 't matter . What 's up ?|I 'd like to see you .
MAN ON PA : Security detail , code four . Repeat , code four on Docking Bay 3 .|Security detail , code four on Docking Bay 3 .
I 'd like to see you .|What 's that noise ? I can 't hear you .
Stay there !|Let me go , damn it . Damn it !
For me to go to meet her .|She 's at a night club . She 's drunk .
She 's at a night club . She 's drunk .|She 's a bit lost , huh ?
I 'm not a freak . I 'm a prototype .|MAN : All right , come on . Damn . Damn it .
Did I hit anybody ?|You expect us to believe you don 't even know who hired you ? What I expect is due recognition of my civil rights .
Same Sam , different day .|Hey .
" The man in the street " .|I don 't feel at all like " the man in the street " .
 This is fun .|ANITA : Alison !
There 's something that I didn 't ... ARI : Sam ?|It 's OK .
No ! Don 't look in his eyes ! Whose eyes , Mom ? Whose eyes ? Don 't look at him ! Don 't look at him ! Who , Mom ? Who ?|It 's okay . He killed her , Jimmy . It 's okay . It 's over . It 's over . It 's all right . It 's all right .
To use a somewhat dated expression , then some interesting things will happen .|Because I 've had about enough of these people feeling smug with their cars , vacations , families ...
What the hell did your mother see ? Sir , that 's the problem . She doesn 't remember . Or it 's all scrambled up inside . Sorting it out takes time she may not have . Especially when people are trying to kill her . Well , this Packard person from the cryonics facility , where 's he now ? In thin air .|Sir , my mother is willing to endure dying a second time because she wants to remember what happened that night . But she needs our help . Well , wrapping her in military circumstance is no picnic either , Lieutenant . I mean , we 're not in the protective custody business . Yes , sir . I understand .
But ... by accident , the plan has sort of ... and I know this is a stretch ... it has sort of worked . I don 't think ... In the sense that Ari and I have been doing this for three and a half years ... Instead of the intended two . And we 're actually pretty good at it .|The problem is we have been waiting for someone to give us the chance to do something better , and Lisa , please believe me , I am so fucking tired of waiting . I am so tired of it .
Okay .|Coming out . Watch the bottom .
The problem is we have been waiting for someone to give us the chance to do something better , and Lisa , please believe me , I am so fucking tired of waiting . I am so tired of it .|And we want to do it on our own . Without Oscar or ... Anyone . Just us . ARI : And Dana , who is really good at her job . Yes , but ... Nevermind . Yes . And , we need someone smarter than us to make the business part work , and that 's you .
Between Marseilles and Lyons .|Those lines zipping by ...
I clutched the wheel , desperately , trying to stay awake . And I saw , it wasn 't a mirage , I really saw ... as if one could see the same place 1000 years ago , or in 1000 years ...|That blacktop highway , all cracked and fissured , overgrown with weeds , a vestige of ancient civilization .
The highway , the factories , it was all the same .|And on that path , men , women , vagabonds their goods tied to a stick slung on their shoulders , walking , like the end of a Chaplin film .
You know , I would expect a little more compassion from a guy whose had friends hitting on his own mother . This from the friend who hit on her .|Now , wait a minute . I didn 't exactly hit on her . It was a misunderstanding . Aren 't they all ?
This is useless . The image values are too weak . There 's nothing here to enhance . I gotta tell you , this freezing people thing is ... Sounds a little ghoulish to me . Messing with fate is bad business . It 's not fate , Tony , it 's science . Tell that to Robert Darby . A big nobody until they thawed him out and he became king of the talk show circuit . Wait a minute , Robert Darby was the first . He was a hero . Some hero .|Ended up getting hit on the head when an air conditioner dropped from the heavens .
Ended up getting hit on the head when an air conditioner dropped from the heavens .|It fell from a building .
I thought , there 's not much longer ...|Soon , all this would be over ...
How 's she doing ?|She 's young .
Huh . Eh .| BART : Whoa !
It 's crazy that you really still believe in a man .|What does that mean ?
What does that mean ?|In what man ?
Mom , Dad , I 've discovered the most amazing thing ! I can 't wait ... Um , where 's Bart ? He 's safe . And more importantly , we 're safe .|I miss him so much .
Damn it .|Dagwood ?
Dagwood ?|The flowers ?
ALL : Lisa ! Lisa ! Lisa !|You see that , Bart ? You see what your sister did ? Yeah , yeah , great . Listen , I 'm in a simulator , so I can 't really talk . And you know I 'm a sociopath , so I 'm just going through the motions here . I love you . I was just saying that to myself .
Okay . All right .|This is my last computation .
Captain .|NATHAN : That 's General Thomas . LUCAS : This is the man she saw that night . The man who killed her friend .
Thugs murdered with knives in the back .|I 'm rather in favor of that .
Done , sir .|Lieutenant , where 's your mother ? What ? She 's asleep .
Shh !|You 've just watched The Simpsons . Now here are a few more shows to check out from Fox .
You 've just watched The Simpsons . Now here are a few more shows to check out from Fox .|MAN : This is American Idol !
Jim ?|PACKARD : Relax , Frank . The worst is over . Over ? It 's not over . It 'll never be over . What have we done , Jonathan ? I 'll take care of it .
Okay . And I 'll bring cookies . I don 't really like cookies that much , so don 't get mad at me if I bring the wrong shit .|Thank you , Adam .
What time is it ?|4 : 00 a.m.
Like drunks thrown out of a bar .|You say " Go " , they come back .
I will really do anything you say if you just tell my parents that I 'm okay .|Are you ?
You say " Go " , they come back .|I don 't like dignity .
I don 't have any money . Can you pay my taxi ?|She needs money for the taxi and the guy is grabbing her ass .
Jim , we can talk about this .|It was an accident . Don 't make me do this , sir . I never meant to hurt anybody . It was Jonathan . It was all a big mistake .
Honey ?|Maybe I 'm disturbing you .
Now we can talk about this . I can make it up to you . Come on ! I will not be hunted down and cornered like some trapped animal .|Now I am your commanding officer , so I will be heard .
Now I am your commanding officer , so I will be heard .|I 've got you . I 've got you . ALISON : Okay , Jimmy . Come on . Let me get you out of here . We 're gonna get you out .
Director of Photography Oleg Kirichenko|Production design by Sergei Tyrin
Shitty old Alexandre !|Rotten old Mary , with breasts of a woman of thirty .
Music by Gary Miller|Sound by Eugene Chaiko
Rotten old Mary , with breasts of a woman of thirty .|And you ... Sweet , tender , pure Veronika .
And you ... Sweet , tender , pure Veronika .|Pure ? Me ?
Makeup by Galina Ustimenko|Edited by Mikhail lgonin
I 'm completely rotten .|Don 't mind what I say .
You 'll be here ? Yeah .|I 'll be here .
A foreigner !|You all walk hatless and then say it 's cold in Russia .
You all walk hatless and then say it 's cold in Russia .|Executive producers Anna Popova Armen Adilkhanyan Russia ? So I 'm in Russia ?
Yes , in Russia .|Where else ?
Softball leaguers , we need you for the game tonight .|Corn brain . Me Bob . You Dana . Me outta here .
Where else ?|Produced by Tatiana Sergeenko Vera Storozheva
Yes ! Sasha , Happy coming New Year !|Oh , it 's you , dad ?
You 're beautiful , Mary ... With my body of a woman of thirty ? Cut the crap . You 're very beautiful . Look at your legs ...|But women don 't turn me on .
But women don 't turn me on .|What time is it ?
Dr. Nielsen , where are you ? My monitor shows a stat condition . Dr. Nielsen , can you hear me ?|Paging Dr. Nielsen . Hang on , everyone .
Attention , all BioTek personnel . This is a biohazard alert . Until further notice , containment protocols are in effect . Please remain at your workstations and stand clear of the doors . Bob !|Bob ? Bobby ! Bobby ! Dana !
Bob ? Bobby ! Bobby ! Dana !|Bob ! Bobby !
Bob ! Bobby !|Dana !
Dana !|Damn it .
Dad , I was actually going to celebrate New Year with some friends .|Who 's the second one ? My colleague , Seryoga . He 's a great guy . He 's an alpinist , he can even roast potatoes .
All in all , you 're gonna like him !|Dad , I already have a boyfriend with such a pretty whiskered snout !
Happy coming New Year !|Hi , Valera ! Dad will be coming to see me for this New Year .
Sounds like an exhaust port is bleeding . I 'll have a look . You guard the fort .|Dana , what 's goin ' on ? Sheriff Morse , they locked the doors . Bob 's inside . Why lock the doors ? I don 't know . Who else is in there ? Just about everybody , I guess .
No . If you go , I 'll go with you .|I don 't think it will work out .
Not running . I 've complained to Nielsen for months about these things . The fluid builds up and bingo , we have an alarm .|Excuse me .
Excuse me .|Joanie ? Schmidt again . Good news . I found the problem and there is no biohazard . It was a false alarm . You can unlock the doors and let everyone go home .
I don 't wanna make a mistake . Will you take responsibility ? Yes , of course . I take full responsibility .|Attention , security ! This is Dr. Nielsen in P4 . Do you show a biohazard condition ? Yes , sir , I do . Aerosol contamination .
Why is she in her underwear ? Is she not supposed to be wearing underwear now ? Babe ! Whom are you talking to ?|Go fuck yourself ! Babe !
Triple toe loop .|Are you OK ?
Yes , it hurts .|How about now ? It no longer hurts .
Hi ! How about celebrating this New Year with me ?|What ? You broke up with Valera and decided to give me a call ?
Everyone together .|Then one day , someone wanted one woman for himself . He said " She 's mine , hands off ! " . The first love affair . He didn 't know what he was doing .
So , is there no cure ? Shots ? An operation ?|Try vitamin , " M " 
Hey , open up in there ! Western Union . I can 't put 'em in jail , hon they 're not criminals . They made a mistake . We could sue 'em . You wanna ? Civil law ? Make a case for corporate negligence . You know , unsafe workplace .|Cold chicken .
Somebody 's got a popgun . I 'll call you right back .|Yeah ! One more ought to do it ! All right !
Yeah ! One more ought to do it ! All right !|Watch it .
Nice , eh ?|If you go out like that , you 'll turn a maximum of guys on .
Hey . Want me to go get my torch ? Nobody 's gettin ' anything .|Vic , you ought to know better . Hand it over .
If you go out like that , you 'll turn a maximum of guys on .|He should get it up the ass . It won 't hurt him .
Well , well . It 's our duly elected boy scout . I 'm talking about the gun . Let 's have it . You dippy shit , my son 's in there .|Drop it or I 'll break your arm !
Sheriff Morse , I 'm Major Connolly .|Where are my three sorties ? My deputy 's bringing in Warren and Main right now . Dana is right over there . Who are you guys ? The army ? Close enough . I 'm glad to see you 've got everything under control .
Cut out the bullshit .|You 're the happiest man in the world .
You 're the happiest man in the world .|You 're in the sack with two chicks who love you . I 'll take the middle , but let me sleep ...
Sorry it took so long , but we had to talk a blue streak And they 're still hoppin ' mad . Jesse .|These are the people who got out early , huh ?
Some fucking comedians ! Do you think we don 't have any other calls ? So who 's gonna pay for this false call ? Come on . Let 's chip in . Everything hurts . Everything broken inside . I need take to hospital ! Get in the car . We 'll take you to the hospital . Vitya , let 's take this one at least . Happy coming New Year . If you live long enough to see it , that is .|Vitya , let 's go !
1 or 2 .|The whole thing ?
You have shitty relationships with the women .|But at times , you 're nice , you seem to love people , but you have shitty relationships .
But at times , you 're nice , you seem to love people , but you have shitty relationships .|Your Gilberte ... Whatever you did , she must 've loved you .
Yes . You drove her crazy .|And you and Marie ... A shitty couple .
And you and Marie ... A shitty couple .|Love isn 't like that , it 's simple . Even when it ends .
Quite wrong . Here ! Put the kettle on .|And feed the cat . The food is in the refrigerator .
Love isn 't like that , it 's simple . Even when it ends .|When I lived with the yogurt guy , It was simple and beautiful . And that 's how it ended .
This is not happening .|Why did you give the cat my chicken ? Cats love chicken meat .
When I lived with the yogurt guy , It was simple and beautiful . And that 's how it ended .|You 're screwed up . But I love you . You 're all I think of .
Protocol one has been validated .|Validated ?
That was the Blue Harvest group . What were they doing in there ? Look , honey , I don 't know . Advance plant research . I mean , what if they spliced the wrong gene ?|You mean the corn that ate Chicago ? Do I sound panicky ?
You mean the corn that ate Chicago ? Do I sound panicky ?|I 'm sorry .
I 'm sorry .|I 'm scared .
Here .|Want some tea ?
What the hell are you doing here ? Cal Morse . Remember me ? Yeah .|Look , I don 't need a ride home Sheriff . I 'm already here .
He 'd say : " You know what 's the difference between Lyme disease and the clap " ?|You know what it is ? Lyme Disease is spread by dicks . And the clap is spread by dicks .
Made by Red October factory !|Sweetened condensed milk , butter , syrup , candied fruit , alcohol , brandy , aromatics ... 411 calories !
Here . No way , Sheriff . I 'm not going down . I saved you from a lot of drunk driving charges . Don 't you think you owe me one ? I don 't drink anymore . And you know why ? ' Cause I got worried about my health , which is also why I left BioTek . I don 't have any plans to go back .|Want some Zucchini pancakes ?
But you 're not simple either .|You 're an asshole and that 's it .
I bet .|Come on , guys . You gotta feed millions .
" My passion opens out on death like a window on a courtyard " .|And someone had added : " Jump , Narcissus ! "
It reminded you of me ?|Don 't you see the likeness ?
I think I 'll skip breakfast , thanks .|What 's the matter , Sheriff ? Scared of bugs ? No . Lost my appetite . I started thinking about friends and neighbors who don 't have any idea who it is they 've been working for . Oh , the Department of Defense isn 't so bad . They run a good plant station . I kind of miss it sometimes .
Sometimes !|I 'm sorry , but you 're human .
Biological warfare research was outlawed by international treaty in 1972 . Soviet Union signed it , and so did we .|You 're not saying Uncle Sam doesn 't live up to his international obligations , are you ? Listen , my friend . There a re 85 people trapped down there . Trapped in your mess . You 're going to help me get them out .
And on that note , Veronika , discreetly , disappears .|The blonde Slav disappears .
Joanie , Joanie , Joanie , listen to me , listen to me . You don 't have to say a word . Just show me your daybook . Here it is . You stupid cow ! You burned the page , but you remember the numbers , don 't you ? I 'm not telling you anything !|Joanie , we don 't have time to be nice . She 'll talk .
The blonde Slav disappears .|It 's not at all her style ...
Here you go , Bob . Here you go . Drink this .|Some case of bad breath , huh ? Just give me a minute . Give me a couple tylenols , I 'm as good as new .
You won 't believe me . I 'm going crazy .|I feel embarrassed driving with the blinker . It was OK before , but today I feel embarrassed about it .
Will you quit playing doctor ? He 's got it , Schmidt . Any fool can see that .|Jesus !
I feel embarrassed driving with the blinker . It was OK before , but today I feel embarrassed about it .|So I began to persuading myself , saying " don 't fret , old man . "
And I think to myself " let me do a good deed . "|I 'm sorry , do you happen to be from Jerusalem ?
Thanks . Because of the structure of water molecules , only 60 and 120 angles are possible between the rays of the crystal !|What was that ? It 's the very first gum . 1848 .
Shall we play roles ?|Alexandre , you 're the only man I ever loved .
And stay out of zone " U " . It 's likely to be crowded . I 'm gonna take you down the service conduit . No one ever goes in there . If you say so .|I don 't like the looks of this . Y 'all keep in contact , ya hear ? You sure you wanna put 'em through there ?
Mr. Schmidt .|Joanie . Joanie , did they hurt you ? Oh , Joanie , it was my fault . You were right . Protocol one .
I saw on TV a man pulling a train with his teeth !|It took me 15 minutes to get here by a car with a blinker on . And he just happened to be here already !
It took me 15 minutes to get here by a car with a blinker on . And he just happened to be here already !|Means he had another car with a blinker around the corner which explains everything . Maybe he works for the Federal Security Service .
Ever seen Veronika take anything in under the arms ?|Don 't give me a present .
Cut the bullshit . No , you 've told me , that 's super enough .|I don 't want it .
It 's our secret .|Well , if it 's your secret ... You 're lucky to have two chicks who love you and have a secret .
OK , whoever answers first , gets one extra point !|Varya !
Oh , Jesus . You 'll be all right . Take it easy . You 're gonna be okay .|Get off me !
There will be no further comments at this time .|Wait a minute . Be seeing you , Sheriff . You don 't need me anymore .
God !|Joanie ! Doctor , let us in . Open the door . I can 't do that . You know the protocols . I 'm not sick !
I have to say no . There 's a lot of people in here . Please ! Please ! No . Good luck to you , Joanie .|What did she say ? What are they gonna do ?
Congratulations !|4 girls in 3 years ! I mean 3 in 4 years . Finally a son !
I 'm so happy with you .|I don 't give a shit , understand that I don 't give a shit , Look , I 'm starting to get drunk and I 'm slurring , and that 's horrible , because what I say , I really mean .
Dr. Nielsen , it 's okay . We 're not alone anymore . Look at my clothes ! Blood all over them . Do you think this will wash out ?|What 's the blood from ?
Everybody gets an A ! Give me your mark books !|Look , it was the first time I heard about that Kepler .
Where are you , Cal ?|How would you have told these folks , Sheriff , that your fathers and brothers are infectious psychotics , it 's all over and in less than 12 hours they 'll be dead ? Major , I 'm going in there . I 'll find the antitoxin . I 'll administer it .
Did you find a dress ?|My plans have changed .
Only you can fuck me like that .|How people can fool themselves ... There 's just one you , just one me .
Has she been exposed ? Yes , and she 's healthy .|It 's not a disease this is a weapon of war . it 's designed to produce casualties , but it 's also designed to promote maximum tactical confusion . What are you saying ? It drives people crazy , that 's what I 'm saying ! Soldiers turn on their comrades . Civilian victims murder their doctors . And then they die .
It 's not a disease this is a weapon of war . it 's designed to produce casualties , but it 's also designed to promote maximum tactical confusion . What are you saying ? It drives people crazy , that 's what I 'm saying ! Soldiers turn on their comrades . Civilian victims murder their doctors . And then they die .|And that 's what 's going on in that building right now .
And that 's what 's going on in that building right now .|I don 't believe it . This is deliberate ?
Sasha , I 'm sorry , I was very rude this morning . But it was too unexpected . I wasn 't ready . And then I thought ' why not ? '|I 'd love to . How 's that ?
If you know how I can love you two ... And how it can have nothing to do with sex .|I lost my virginity recently , at 20 . 19.20 ... how recent .
Well , I knew that they were trying , but I didn 't think that they could do it . I guess I should have had more faith in the ingenuity of my fellow man . Turns out it 's a big success .|You think I need this ? Well , I don 't . You 're right . I am a technocrat . I allowed myself to be used and I am as guilty as all the rest of them . Joanie , this is Dan Fairchild . I want you to tell me what 's going through your mind now ? I mean , do you feel like hurting people ? You bet I do . Nielsen , Kapoor , the rest of them . I 'd like to kill them . Don 't worry . It 's a perfectly healthy urge . I 'm not infected . I already checked . And even if I was , it wouldn 't make me a mad woman . Okay . We need to know exactly where you are . P4 , Nielsen 's lab . I 'm in the stockroom . Do you see a refrigerator there ?
Sasha !|He can put dentures into his own mouth !
Hey .|White sugar , white dust .
That 's a body bag . Sorry . I 'm looking for suits .|You look like a 40 to me . Are you gonna be okay ?
Kolya , you can go , I will do it myself , got it ?|Young man , turn around !
This corn 's been eating its wheaties . What 'd you expect ? We 've got the best feed grain group in the country .|This is an air shaft .
This is an air shaft .|Are you gonna open that up ? What 's gonna come out ? Nothing . Look . It 's an intake .
Are you gonna open that up ? What 's gonna come out ? Nothing . Look . It 's an intake .|Excuse me , Major . We 've got an external seal break . Where ?
Young man , turn around !|Turn around !
Just look at this . Our young helper is repairing the trolley .|Sasha , can I have him ?
Sasha , can I have him ?|In your dreams . I 'm gonna need him myself . Come on in .
I 've been fucked a lot , meaninglessly .|Desired a lot , and fucked , meaninglessly .
Dog in the manger , like always .|Look ! They 're eating each other !
You hear that ? It 's getting louder .|You know the Borna Virus is hard to catch . It 's no good as a weapon .
The game is called " Guess . "|There !
There !|You need to guess his name and profession . It 's Leonid , some middle manager .
You need to guess his name and profession . It 's Leonid , some middle manager .|Pavel , a photographer .
I 'm not reproaching you ... On the contrary . My sadness isn 't a reproach , you know ...|It 's an old sadness I 've dragged around for five years .
It 's Bob Nickerson . He was . He 's dead .|It 's interesting , isn 't it ? Wish we could do an autopsy . There 's an idea .
It 's an old sadness I 've dragged around for five years .|Nothing to do with you .
Don 't you want to eat ?|Aren 't you hungry ? Don 't you want to eat , Alexandre ?
No , wait . Maybe you could specify your choice ?|How ? I love both of you .
What are you writing ?|Your life ?
I love everybody . Absolutely everybody !|This is some gangbang .
Boris Anatolyevich , dermatologist .|Well , Boris Anatolyevich Doctor of Medical Science , why did you lie ? You know , when such a beautiful girl approached me on the street , I couldn 't work up the courage to say ... that I 'm a dermatologist .
That 'll flick their bic . We need some rope or some tape and your handcuffs . Who says ? Dr. Fairchild .|I can 't see a thing . I 'd have to take the suit off . Don 't you dare . I 'm studying the law , not biology . Wait . That 's better . Hell , they don 't look so dangerous . You look these little guys straight in the eye , they 're not so bad . Kind of cute . We 'll make a scientist of you yet . Now change the slide , and keep trying until you find one where nothing 's moving .
Yes , you are so beautiful !|Your face is bleeding . I 'm a very nice person , studying at the department of gas industry .
Hey , here it is ! Ha ! They 're not even twitching .|Okay . Slide number ? A3 . A3 . Now find the sample that goes with it , and insert it into the chromatography analyzer .
God tests our faith so that we may not take it for granted . I once gave counsel to a little girl . She was very distraught because her older brother had told her that Moses hadn 't really parted the Red Sea . He said that high winds and strong ocean currents had been responsible .|In hearing this , the faith of this child had been severely shaken . In order to restore her credence , she had but one question for me . She asked , " Reverend , is there really such a thing as a miracle , " or are the stories in the Bible just make believe ... fairy tales ? " I assured her that , yes , miracles really do happen . Most people today tend to vest themselves in science and cynicism . They expect proof for all that they see , but miracles are wondrous by nature . They need no rationale , no justification . You must witness the miracles of the Lord without question .
So my boyfriend is an angel ?|I can only imagine : my dad comes back and I 'm a black person .
Come on , I don 't believe it . I don 't believe that you 're an angel .|Don 't believe him , miss , I 'm the angel !
Well , since you 're an angel . Show me something ! What ? I don 't know . Some miracle .|Come on ! What would you like ?
Me most of all .|Oh , my God ! No !
I trust everyone has studied his or her flash cards for today 's quiz .|All right . Let 's settle down .
Five ?|Ten ?
Ten ?|Twenty thousand ?
Let 's divide 11 into 170 .|Ew , blood !
Ew , blood !|Oh , my God ! What happened to him ?
Sometimes people get excited ...|And no army can 't keep 'em down . He 's gonna pull through .
Where did they go ? They wanted this deer , didn 't they ?|They did !
I love my job . Let 's get out of here , Scully . That kid 's hands were definitely cut , Mulder . They 're taking him into custody . We 've warned them about his safety . I don 't know what else we can do . Have you determined how his hands were cut ? No , not yet , but my guess is that the kid did it to himself . Boy has his father taken away , he hurts himself to relieve his dad of guilt and to get him back . Maybe we should talk to his father . He 's in an institution . His father said that he needed to be protected . Maybe he knows from whom . He 's bleeding again , isn 't he ? Yes . How did you know that ? Because the faithful know .|Mr. Kryder , the claims you 've made for your son may have put him in danger . Do you know that ? The child was in danger long before I ever made the claims . Since the day he was born , they 've been watching him . " They " ? The forces of darkness .
The whole world .|How can anyone allow this to happen ? He was part of it , Cal , so was I.
Go , go !|So what do you think ?
Scene 36 . Shot three . Take one .|Action !
The two kids are running down this long hallway , but all the doors are locked . There 's nowhere to go . Soon , they 'll both be toast . They can hear his bloody leg dragging on the floor . The mutant is on their trail , hungry for the taste of young meat . What 's it look like ? Yeah , what ?|You really want to know ? It looks like the Devil , and he 's bald because all his hair is burned off in hell , and his fingers are like pitchforks with little barbs on the end . So all he has to do is point at you and you can 't get away . With each step , he gets closer . Step ... by step ... by step ... by step . He 's so close now that even the furniture starts to shake . Step ... by step ... by step ... by step .
And mine ? Yours doesn 't .|It just doesn 't . You need to go do some work on your inner world .
It 's the ark . Do you like it ? So when are you going to take me home , Owen ? There 's no reason to be afraid . I 'm not going to hurt you . I 've been watching you , Kevin . You 're a very special boy . You know that , don 't you ? I want to go home . You can 't do that . I can 't let you . Why not ? 'Cause it 's not safe ! I 'm your friend , Kevin .|You have to trust me . Just think of me as your guardian angel .
Scene 37 .|Then they will show it in movie theaters . On these really big screens .
Ram it !|Germs ! They 're killing us for the germs !
Why ? What do you mean why ? In order to ... Damn ! Simple things are so hard to explain .|Why do you keep saying the word " damn " ? What does it mean ?
Don 't say a word .|Stay here . Don 't move .
Where 's the boy ?|Don 't hurt him ... please .
Over .|No .
That woman ?|Oh , damn ! You 're gonna blow my mind !
Kevin ?|Kevin ?
Jorik !|Damn New Year !
Relax . I 'm a scientist .|I know what I 'm doing .
Jesus !|Seraphim , do something !
First , there were the Daleks , and then , there was a man who fought them . And then , in time , he died . There are a few , of course , who believe this man somehow survived and that , one day , he will return . For both our sakes , dearest Hannah , we must hope these stories are true .|I got your message . Not many people can do that , send me messages . I have a daughter , Hannah . She 's in a Dalek prison camp . They say you can help . Do they ? I wish they 'd stop . Hell of a choice of meeting place . They said I 'd have to intrigue you .
Help us ! Jorik !|Could you check him please ? I think he has a pulse . I 'm afraid to !
Jorik !|It 's gonna be all right .
Rigor mortis has yet to set in . His core body temperature remains at 98 degrees . His skin color , lividity is healthy .|There seems to be some ...
Jorik !|Get up !
There seems to be some ...|Any revelations ?
You have to sign these .|And then we 're not married ? Just like magic .
And then we 're not married ? Just like magic .|Can 't chat . Working . Really ? I thought you were just pouting at a camera . Rory .
Did you see that ? How is that possible ?|Hello ! Yes !
Sorry , love . Am I interrupting ? No . Gosh , look at you . You 've gone so pale . Come on , take a seat . We 'll soon sort that out .|Amelia Pond is acquired !
Get lost , Valera !|Can you make someone turn so ugly ... that all the girls would not touch him even with a ten foot pole ? No , I can 't !
Where are we ?|So how much trouble are we in ?
How much trouble , Mr. Pond ?|Out of 10 ?
Out of 10 ?|11 .
OK , are you allowed to carry heavy things ?|I see . That 's enough , put it down .
No .|No , you don 't . Why don 't you duck back inside .
I 'll wait right outside .|You never draw my bath . Kevin has a cut under his ribs . He was in an accident . No . I was with the paramedics when they were looking at him . It wasn 't there . Maybe you missed it . No , Mulder . I was paying close attention . What do you think it is ? Yesterday , I saw Kevin 's hands . They were bleeding from identical wounds on the top as on the bottom , just like in the crucifixion . Scully ... There have been other signs . I haven 't said anything until now because I haven 't been sure ... and I 'm still not sure . Sure of what , exactly ? How Kevin was able to be in two places at once , just like Saint Ignatius was able to do in the Bible . That was in the Bible ; that 's a parable . It 's a metaphor for the truth , not the truth itself . Why didn 't Kevin conveniently bilocate when Owen Jarvis abducted him from the shelter ? How is it that you 're able to go out on a limb whenever you see a light in the sky , but you 're unwilling to accept the possibility of a miracle , even when it 's right in front of you ? I wait for a miracle every day , but what I 've seen here has only tested my patience , not my faith . Well , what about what I 've seen ?
Presents ? You mean offerings ?|Something like that , but not so stuck up . It 's more an expression of attention , love , and so on . Main thing is to guess right .
Rory . Whoa .|No . Hello . Who are you ?
I feel so dizzy .|May I ? Thanks .
Ah .|Oh . Hey . Huh ?
What happened to her head ?|Because a woman with no head is the perfect woman !
Hmm .|We came down two days ago .
This dress goes very well with your head .|Gift the girl this dress .
The sun will be turned into darkness , and the moon will turn to blood ... because of you , son . Is that why you want to hurt me ?|It 's not a question of wanting . You have to die , Kevin ... for everyone .
They 're dead . All of them . That 's not possible . I just spoke to them . Two hours ago , we were doing engine repairs .|You 're sure about that , are you ? Because I 'd say they 've all been dead for a very long time . But they can 't have been . Well , they didn 't get in this state in 2 hours . Oh , of course . Stupid me . " Of course " what ? I died outside . And the cold preserved my body .
Ah . Ahahahahah ! Amy , the door ! Come on , come on , come on !|Explain . That 's what you 're good at .
Oh , Seraphim ! That 's too much .|Do I smell like a real man ? Smell me .
Shh !|Shh !
Ohh . So ! Anyway , I 'm Oswin . What do I call you ? Uh ... I can 't remember . Uh ... Rory . Lovely name , Rory . First boy I ever fancied was called Rory . Okay . Actually , she was called Nina . I was going through a phase . Just flirting to keep you cheerful .|Exterminate ! Exterminate ! Exterminate ! Extermina ... Te !
Hey , there , beaky boy . If it 's a straight choice , I prefer " Nina . " Loving this . The nose and the chin . You two could fence . Oh . There 's a door behind you .|In there , quickly .
I 'll see you at the airport .|Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been ... six years since my last confession . And since then , I 've drifted away from the Church . I 'm not sure why exactly . Have you come to confess ?
Things that I believe helped me to save a young boy 's life . But now I wonder if I saw them at all ... if I didn 't just imagine them . Why do you doubt yourself ?|Because my partner didn 't see them . He didn 't ... he didn 't believe them .
Why ?|In a whirlwind of joy couples are swirling ...
To find my way back ? Sometimes we must come full circle to find the truth . Why does that surprise you ?|Mostly it just makes me afraid . Afraid ?
Don 't leave him . I 'll not leave you .|You bloody !
Sasha !|Sasha !
He has gone to Commissioner 's office .|Who is he ? Somebody stop them ! They 're worse than goons . They 're really worse . No , please listen to me . Leave me .
Who are they fighting like this ?|But they 're asking us to come and sign here ? Don 't get involved in this , let 's go inside , come in .
That rogue always fights with him , today he thrashed him black and blue . As usual you take a walk without taking any action .|Shut up ! Why did he befriend him ? Either he should 've kept quiet or punched his face . He can 't do that and you both have no other work than to complain to me . Do you want me to spare him ?
He 's doing 90 kilometers an hour ! First time , my ass ! No matter how good a skier is ... this is a difficult track .|This one loves hard tracks .
Shut up ! Why did he befriend him ? Either he should 've kept quiet or punched his face . He can 't do that and you both have no other work than to complain to me . Do you want me to spare him ?|Arrest that rogue and thrash him . Moreover use his father , a head constable to thrash him . If a police officer arrests another police man 's son , my fair name will get tarnished . Did he keep quiet ? He fought with him in police station . I kept all these days , today he punched my son 's face , I 'll take his father to task today .
Hey , shall we stop ? The guy is gonna hurt himself .|This guy is not even really a guy .
When I was a child , my favourite story was about a man who lived forever , but whose eyes were heavy with the weight of all he 'd seen , a man who fell from the stars .|I knew you 'd find me eventually .
Look at this . It 's a load of stones and lumps of wood .|What is it ?
Hey ! Olympian !|They ski just fine . Dad 's gonna love them .
Wait . Wait ! Wait . Wait !|Why ? You want us to kiss each other ?
Why ? You want us to kiss each other ?|Me ? With you ?
Me ? With you ?|Look at yourself . You 're not even a man !
Look at yourself . You 're not even a man !|But I smell like a real man !
How was he at my age ? Was he a saint then ? I 'm a jobless man , okay , why didn 't you study well and become a doctor ? Grandpa too would 've scolded him like this . He enjoyed everything by this age . Now advices youth , that has become his job .|How could you 've all these years with this man ?
Why are you hitting grown up son ? He 's going out without having dinner . Is he going out angrily to study ? He 's going to watch a film .|2 years are over , still unable to clear arrear exams . Loafing around aimlessly . I didn 't study well in school that 's why I 'm struggling in life now . If he 's like this , he too would 've to salute others all his life like me . Inspectors and SI 's in police station are 10 to 15 years younger than me . I 'm saluting them . He must become an SI and I want to see others saluting him . That 's my ambition .
Preacher ... Say something .|Our father , who art in Heaven , Hallowed be thy name .
If not I would 've thrown him out of house long back .|I 'm praying God every day he must clear the 4 arrears this year . Years are passing away , he must join before I retire from service . That 's why I 'm struggling so much . He hit AC 's son for insulting him before a girl . Likewise if he gets angry on his father and finishes his graduation , why would I hit him ? Am I itching to hit him ? Sometimes you 've to sing and milk the cow . Some students study themselves . Some study only if you beat them . Your son is second type . He may get angry on me now for beating him . But in future when he is doing good , if he sheds a tear for me saying though my father was hard he did for my sake only .
Go , get my dinner ready .|Buddy , it 's great like TV soap ! Greetings brother , make fresh vadas . How come you 're ready by 7 am ! Would they honour me in station for what you did yesterday ? Tell me if you fight with that boy , I 'll vanish from this place . Bloody rogue , if you get angry , I 'm getting thrashed in station . Brother , one ounce tea . As if you 're member of drinkers ' club ! You order tea also in ounces ! The stick you get from your father is not enough .
Your hand is so warm !|What does that mean ? It means your heart is pumping blood for the time being .
Buddy , it 's great like TV soap ! Greetings brother , make fresh vadas . How come you 're ready by 7 am ! Would they honour me in station for what you did yesterday ? Tell me if you fight with that boy , I 'll vanish from this place . Bloody rogue , if you get angry , I 'm getting thrashed in station . Brother , one ounce tea . As if you 're member of drinkers ' club ! You order tea also in ounces ! The stick you get from your father is not enough .|But still you 're very secretive . You got beaten up in station so much , yet you were laughing loudly in theatre . Shameless man ! I can 't bear that man 's torture in home , you too don 't join him . I came at midnight after watching film , he tortured me for 2 hours , won 't I get tensed ? Shut up ! Like one day Chief Minister , wear my uniform for a day , you 'll know how painful it is !
Now .|Isaac , he said he was a doctor ... an alien doctor .
Isaac , he said he was a doctor ... an alien doctor .|That a reason to hand him to his death ? But , Isaac , it could be him ! You know it ain 't .
Why is he coming here ?|Cigarette too ! Still there 's tea .
Press your chest against it !|I said " press your chest against it " !
I said " press your chest against it " !|I said press your chest against it !
What was that outside ? The Gunslinger . Showed up three weeks back . We 've been prisoners ever since . You see that borderline , stretching round the town ? Woke up one morning , there it was . Nothing gets past it , in or out . No supply wagons , no reinforcements . Pretty soon , the whole town 's going to starve to death . But ... he let US in . You ain 't carrying any food , just three more mouths to feed . We 'll all die even sooner now . What happens if someone crosses the line ? Ah , well ... He wasn 't a very good shot then . He was aiming for the hat .|He shoots people 's hats ? ! I think it was a warning shot . Ah . No . Yes . I see . Hmmm . What does he want ? Has he issued some kind of demand ? He says he wants us to give him " the Alien Doctor " . But that 's you . Why would he want to kill you ? Unless he 's met you . And how could he know we 'd be here ? We didn 't even know we 'd be here . We were aiming for Mexico . The Doctor was taking us to see the Day Of The Dead Festival . Mexico 's 200 miles due south . Well , that 's what happens when people get toast crumbs on the console . Anyway , I think it 's about time I met him , don 't you ?
I don 't get it . Is this an invitation to dance ?|You said " press your chest against it . "
Nobody is lodging any complaint , sir . The girl 's family is scared .|Do one thing , take a big garland , honour her on behalf of police . Aren 't you ashamed to say this ? Are you a policeman ? Sir , just a minute .
Singaram , you too are in this team .|He 's senior and aged too . No experience too . How can he be in this team , sir ? Am I asking him to use guns ? He won 't be with you , he 'll join the crowd . Who will control the crowd ? If this goes on well , he 'll get promotion . I 'll tell the plan by evening , you can go now .
Commissioner has ordered to kill you in an encounter .|What are you saying , sir ? We kidnapped and sent her to your son on your order .
What are you saying , sir ? We kidnapped and sent her to your son on your order .|What are you doing with my phone ? Keep it there .
Is your brain in your knees ?|What can I do if he uses your phone and talks like you ? Okay , do as I say . We 've planned an encounter on Sunday . Someone like you must die that day .
I , uh ... I think he 's seen us . This way .|When this is all done , do you want us to take you home ? Thank you , but I have already given everything I have to the Kahler . My skills , my energy ... .. all that was good in me .
People don 't go insane because of believing in angels .|What are they doing ?
Tell him to come to the ground behind the market . AC has a job for us .|What 's this , sir ? You said crowded area and brought me here . Just now we got information where he is ! We 'll get him , you wait here . Panneer , you go that side with them . You got that side , you follow me .
Brother ... . go after him ... catch him ...|What happened , brother ?
Brother , look here ... Lift him ... . lift him ...|What 's this , brother ?
Whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa . Yeah , I know we 're in a hurry . I just want to check something out .|Two ticks . There 's something niggling me . Yes . Yes , it could be important . Oi , don 't swear .
What happened ? I 've killed head constable Singaram on your order , sir .|What very good ? I 've take this risk for you , sir . What should I do now ? Please tell me , sir . Shave your head and go the place I told you . Me ? Shave my head ? Are you so great ? Just do as I say ! Nobody can recognise you easily if you have your head shaven . Shave your head and go hiding in the place I told you .
I 'm tired of miracles .|I want you to become an ordinary man . An ordinary man ?
How is that ? It 's very easy . Ordinary people visit each other 's homes ... hide presents under the New Year tree watch old movies , make wishes ... And then ? Then they go to sleep .|And then ?
Isaac says he doesn 't care about my past . But things may have been uncovered that even he might struggle to forgive . So it 's best we beat a hasty retreat . We ? I 'm coming with you ? It 's unlikely the Gunslinger will shoot if I 'm with you . As far as I can tell , he 's programmed to take innocent lives only if absolutely necessary . Well , colour me reassured !|Doc , what are you doin ' ?
And now I want to kiss you more than anything .|Sasha , I must not do that ! But breaking into my life was not a problem for you !
Sasha , I must not do that ! But breaking into my life was not a problem for you !|Seraphim !
Seraphim !|Yes , dad !
Hello !|No , no , no !
I 'll come , sir .|No sir ...
No sir ...|No sir ... in Ac 's office ... I
So what do we do with Jex ? What do we do with him ? ! Yeah , I mean he 's a war criminal . No , he 's the guy that saved the town from cholera , the guy that gave us heat and light . Look , Jex may be a criminal and yeah , kinda creepy ... And still in the room ! We should put aside what he did and find ANOTHER solution . Another solution ? It 's him or us ! When did we start letting people get executed ? Did I miss a memo ? Doctor , tell him . Hmm ? Yes . I don 't know . Whatever Amy said . Looking at you , Doctor , is like looking into a mirror . Almost . There 's rage there , like me . Guilt , like me . Solitude . Everything but the nerve to do what needs to be done .|Thank the Gods my people weren 't relying on you to save them ...
Oh , you 're really letting him do this ? Save us all ? Yeah , I really am .|No . MOVE !
Buddy , what shouldn 't have happened has happened , how long will you keep on crying ? Come down , people are waiting for you . Come , your mother is alone there .|What ?
Doctor .|Doctor . Let him come back , Doctor ! Or what ? You won 't shoot me , Amy ! How do you know ? ! Maybe I 've changed . You 've clearly been taking stupid lessons since I saw you last . I didn 't mean to do that ! OK , everyone who isn 't an American , drop your gun . We could end this right now , we could save everyone RIGHT NOW ! This is not how we roll , and you know it . What 's happened to you ? When did killing someone become an option ? Jex HAS to answer for his crimes . And what then ? who 's made a gun , a bullet or a bomb ? They keep coming back , don 't you see ? Every time I negotiate , I try to understand . Well , not today ! No ! Today I honour the victims first ! His , the Master 's , the Daleks ' , all the people who died because of MY MERCY !
My father 's body is lying outside .|Not a drop of tear in my eyes , buddy . Are you human ?
Fine . Fine ... we think of something else . But frankly , I 'm betting on the Gunslinger .|Jex , move over the line . Now .
May I ?|Nice work . You deserve a thanks .
Nice work . You deserve a thanks .|Come inside . Take your coats off .
Come inside . Take your coats off .|Give me the candy .
It 's OK , we can get you to Jex 's surgery , he can save you . Listen to me , you 've got to stay , you 've got to look after everyone . It won 't come to that , Isaac . Protect Jex .|Protect my town .
Protect my town .|You 're both good men ...
And I will tell him that you steal candies from the factory . What are you saying ?|Excuse me . Are you the packer number 5 ? From Red October Factory ?
If you don 't stop doing that , you will get fired .|Jeez ! I took only a little .
Jeez ! I took only a little .|I won 't do it anymore !
He 's a police constable now , stay away from him . I 'll thrash you .|Time is running out , didn 't get the tickets yet . It 'll be on the way . I 've told my father on phone , can 't you wait for some time ?
And you 're the Deputy .|Come in !
My duty is here only .|Assistant Commissioner 's office !
How is it ?|Buddy , you look like Cheetah . Just reduced my girth little . Go , take Inspector 's blessings and join the duty . Go , special duty is awaiting you .
No . Nothing about that .|Stop here .
How old are you ? Nearly 19 . That 's 18 then . Too young to have fought in the war , so I 'm guessing you 've never shot anyone before , have you ? First time for everything . But that 's how all this started . Jex turned someone into a weapon . Now that same story is going to make you a killer too . Don 't you see ? Violence doesn 't end violence , it extends it .|I don 't think you want to do this .
I don 't think you want to do this .|I don 't think you want to become that man .
I don 't think you want to become that man .|There 's kids here . I know , who I can save . If you 'll let me .
I drive an official government car . We are not allowed to give people rides .|I bought this for my mom . For 2 years she wouldn 't talk to my wife . And today she called .
Look at him !|Didn 't I tell you ? He went inside like Surya in the film ' Singam ' . Now he 's going silently with a vegetable basket .
Fresh coffee , Marshall .|For what it 's worth , I know you 're going to save us . Isaac made you Marshall for a reason , and if you 're good enough for him , you 're good enough for me . Reckon you should know that .
Her voice was shaking . She said , " God was about to punish me . "|I ask her , " What happened , mom ? "
Thank you .|Oi ! Get out of it !
What ?|They asked me to deliver this in home .
Give me money .|He 's asking money .
The woman put her hands on that dog , and it came back to life .|Some paranormal vets ? Yeah , I laughed about it too . But she was so serious , she said , " God was about to punish me . "
Some paranormal vets ? Yeah , I laughed about it too . But she was so serious , she said , " God was about to punish me . "|Could you stop right there ?
Go and ask in police station , they 'll tell where to buy it ! Hey owl ! Even beggar will ask humbly !|But you 're ordering me . That 's the difference between you both . You got the job after your father died , are you making fun of my son ? Go to the station and get to know how to behave with people ! I said go !
You want to hand me over .|There 's no shame in that . But you won 't .
What 's it ? You look indifferent .|Did you get it ? Who ? That AC 's wife ! I 'll resign my job and show who am I to her !
We all carry our prisons with us .|Mine is my past , yours is your morality . " We all carry our prisons with us . " Ha ...
Young man , just keep up the work , everything is OK . Sasha , come with me .|I am sure it was him .
Disengage . It 's a trick .|Save us , oh , Lord .
He behaved with honour at the end .|Maybe more than me .
I am sure it was him .|Sasha , listen ... Thanks !
Look at me . Are you OK ?|I fell out of the window today .
Initially it 's normal to get angry for such incidents . Once you get the stick from everyone around , you 'll get used to it . Am I not here ? Learn from my experience . Tell me , would we get any job ? Think over it . Is it any ordinary job ?|You 're not fit for it . Power of this uniform , you 'll know if I show you .
How is it !|Watch now !
Leave it , I 'll take care .|Okay , I 'll talk to you later , boys are here .
Just a minute .|Is it ?
Approach each side . Nonterrestrial life form detected . Target unconfirmed . May be hostile . Approaching source now . Area will be secure in 60 seconds . Ultimate force available .|Ehh , the Ponds . With their house and their jobs and their everyday lives . The journalist and the nurse . Long way from Leadworth . We think it 's been 10 years . Not for you or Earth , but for us . 10 years older , 10 years of you . On and off . Look at you now .
Okay , I 'll send men immediately .|You both go to room no : 401 , it seems someone is using cell phone , confiscate it .
Hey ! Doctor , it 's me . Hello . So , the U.N. classified the cubes as " provisionally safe , " whatever that means , and Banksy and Damien Hirst put out a statement saying the cubes are nothing to do with them . And the cubes ? Well , they 're just ... here , still . What 's it been , 9 months ? People are just taking them for granted . Maybe we 'll never know why they came , but , anyway , I got to Laura 's wedding . It was great . She 's here tonight . Being as it 's our wedding anniversary , we thought you might 've dropped by . I left you messages . I know ! Happy anniversary ! Come with me . And bring your husband .|26th of June 1819 . The recently opened Savoy Hotel . Dinner , bed , and breakfast for two . Bonjour , bonjour , merci , Auguste . You 'll be back before the party 's over . They won 't even notice you went . No complications , I promise . Mwah ! Ooh !
Bloody rogues ! They 've used bamboos and coconut leaves to build toilets . Looks like criminals with high reach .|Today I 'll show you who am I !
Now a kiss !|What are you doing ? Valera suffered so much ... and Rodion left all his guests to come get you . It 's New Year after all !
7 billion people live on the Earth , and women make up 3 . 5 billion . And beautiful women , according to the statistics ... Don 't touch me !|So who is this guy ?
What did you say ? Will you run a lorry over me ? I said that just for fun . Are you so proud of wearing khaki uniform ?|Hit him !
Buddy , they thrashed me black and blue !|You ?
Whatever you are , this planet , these people , are precious to me . And I will defend them to my last breath .|Is that all you can do , hover ? I had a metal dog could do that . Ooh ! Ooh , that 's clever . What 's that ? Whew !
Sit ... . sit there !|I 'll kill you !
Yes , we can live together , long and even happy , and we 'll have children .|But heaven will be closed for me forever then .
Why ? Heaven doesn 't accept fallen angels .|What should we do ?
It has to be a countdown . Not in minutes . Why would it be minutes , Kate ? We have to get humanity away from those cubes . God knows what they 'll do , if they hit zero . Get the information out any way you can : news channels , web sites , radio , text messages . People have to know that the cubes are dangerous . Okay , but why is it starting now ? I mean , the cubes arrived months ago . Why wait this long ? Because they 're clever . Allow people enough time to collect them , take them in to their homes , their lives . Humans , the great early adopters . And then wham ! Profile every inch of Earth 's existence . Discover how best to attack us . Get that information out any way you can . Go . Right , every cube was activated . There must be signals , energy fluctuations on a colossal scale . There must be some trace . There can 't not be . We need to think of all the variables , all the possibilities , okay ? Go go go go go ! This is a national security alert . The government advises that members of the public dispose of all cubes . If there are cubes inside your house , remove them immediately . Right , get them out of the building . Just away from here , as far as you can . And get back here before it hits zero . Dad , could you go and get me a box of tape for dressings ? It 's just the cupboard round the corner . Yes , boss .|Sorry , excuse me . I 'm looking for the supplies cupboard . I said , " I 'm looking for the supplies cupboard . "
Sorry , excuse me . I 'm looking for the supplies cupboard . I said , " I 'm looking for the supplies cupboard . "|Have you seen my dad ? No , sorry .
Have you seen my dad ? No , sorry .|Hey . Dad . Hey !
To hell with you lousy man ! Go ... go ... we 've arrested the criminal .|Take good care of children like eyes . Stop !
Ten ! Eleven !|Go .
Go .|Twelve !
Sasha ! Happy New Year , my dear !|I had a phone call to take .
Buddy , they 're coming .|VIP ... bloody VIP , useless bugger ! They go on tours unnecessarily .
I can stop the second wave . I can disconnect all the Shakri craft from their portals , leave them drifting in the dark space . Ah , but all those people who were near the cubes , so many of them will have died . I restarted one of your hearts . You 'd need mass defibrillation . Of course . Ah , beautiful . But , Ponds , Ponds , we 're going to go one better than that . The Shakri used the cubes to turn people 's hearts off . Bingo ! We 're going to use them to turn them back on again . Will that work ? Well , creatures of hope . Has to .|30 seconds . Don 't let me down , cubes . You 're working for me , now .
Dad .|Did you love mom very much ?
Ah .|Mmm , dear me . I 'd better get going . Things to do . Worlds to save , swings to ... swing on .
Can 't use vehicle for one man , take him in an auto . Got it ? Go !|Where are you going , man ?
Such nice hospital , doctors drunk , nurses drunk , the patient with a dropper drunk too ! No limits ! You should 've been there !|Miss , is this building number 5 ?
New York is policed by Angels . Every time you try to escape , you get zapped back in time . The city that never sleeps . The Angels will come , and ... I think they 're coming for you . Placing someone back in time creates time energy , and that is what the Angels feed on .|What the hell are you doing ? ! Any ideas ? Run !
Miss , is this building number 5 ?|Seraphim ?
Seraphim ?|My name is Sergey .
My name is Sergey .|Are you Sasha ?
Become a police man , they 'll rip out your skin also .|Shut up man .
Can we see it ? Up close .|Ha !
Shut up man .|Why are you making me work in hot sun that should be done at night ? Is it work to be done in day time ? Am I getting punished or you ?
You 're very much like your photo .|Which one ? The one Sanych has on his wall .
Um , Doctor .|What 's happening ? Why 's it angry ? This isn 't an " it " . It 's a " she " . Dor 'een , meet Clara . Clara , meet dor 'een . Dor 'een ? Loose translation . She sounds a bit grumpy , but she 's a total love , actually , aren 't you ? Yes , you are . You know , actually , she 's just asking you if we fancy renting a moped . Rranh !
Not a bit of respect , they 're treating me worse than a dog , mother . If anyone refuses bribe , it gets worse . They don 't mind about age , they use bad words .|It seems we must buy vegetables for senior officer 's home .
" Then called I upon the name of the Lord and ... "|" My soul from death . " Oh , God . Please , Lord . Help me to release this demon .
" My soul from death . " Oh , God . Please , Lord . Help me to release this demon .|Ahh ! Thank you , Lord , the most merciful Almighty . Oh , hold on .
Is it any job , mother ?|You were jobless for 4 years , you got this job after your father 's death .
You were jobless for 4 years , you got this job after your father 's death .|Your father didn 't take a rupee as bribe for 24 years , how much he would 've got insulted and humiliated ?
Your father didn 't take a rupee as bribe for 24 years , how much he would 've got insulted and humiliated ?|How many nights he wouldn 't sleep crying all night ? Do you know that ?
Ha , ha , ha !|Ha , ha , ha !
Ow ! Hello ?|Oh !
How ? There 's always a way . You promise ? Cross my hearts .|" Having a nice stretch " ? !
Hello ?|Hi , little guy . Look at you . Little ? I 'm not little . I 'm hung like a bull , lady . Check it out . You ever seen a bird dick this big ? Too much for you , huh , baby ? Yeah . All right . Step off then , sweet cheeks . Come back when you want some real loving .
He 's seeing us . Why are you so happy , Vanangamudi ?|My father has gone to home town , sir . Are you so happy if your father leaves town ? Yes , he won 't be shouting on me for 2 days . Why do you hate your father so much ? Why do you ask that , sir ? He 'll scold me always to study well . He 'll take my life to study . More importantly the happiness they get in scolding boys before girls . They behave cheaply in important places and humiliate us . What do you say , boys ? Did you see audience response ? Don 't get emotional .
OK . Fucking tease .|Hello ?
Hello ?|Aah !
They get chided outside but take their anger on scapegoats like me in home . It pains me ! Mother gets only angry . But she won 't boss over you . But father has both .|They show affection for a day or two in a year on festive days by buying new clothes . All other days , he hits me .
Sir got tensed .|As usual everyone is complaining about father .
Where are you , Merry ?|Where are you ? Where are you ? There she is .
OK . Ooh ! Oh , yes . Look at this . Caroline looked beautiful in that dress . In fact , she always looked her best . Do you know that she used to entertain ... for royalty and common folk and ... even the President of the United States .|Ew .
I say leg it . Leg it where , exactly ? Dunno . Lake District ? Oh , the Lake District 's lovely . Let 's definitely go there . We can eat scones . They do great scones in 1927 . You 're going to fight it , aren 't you ? Regrettably , yes , I think I may be about to do that . It 's really big . I 've seen bigger . Really ? Are you joking ? It 's massive . I 'm staying with you . No , you 're not . Yes , I am . I can ... assist . No , you can 't . What about that stuff you said ? " We don 't walk away . "|No . We don 't walk away , but when we 're holding on to something precious , we run , we run and run , fast as we can , and we don 't stop running until we are out from under the shadow . Now , off you pop . Take the moped . I 'll walk .
I didn 't feel sad when he died , I cremated him happily .|Someone is working and someone else is scolding , I never gave a thought about it , I always thought about getting beaten up and my pain only , I never thought about his condition .
We don 't walk away .|Euh . I won 't feed you .
Someone is working and someone else is scolding , I never gave a thought about it , I always thought about getting beaten up and my pain only , I never thought about his condition .|Okay son , forget it .
Hey ...|Come play with me .
It 's full of stories . Full of history .|And full of a future that never got lived , days that should 've been , that never were , passed on to me .
Come play . Ha ha !|Hello ?
I didn 't even show interest to know who the killer is !|But one thing , mother , I 'll not leave them .
Are you full ? I expect so . Because there 's quite a difference , isn 't there ? Between what was and what should 've been . There 's an awful lot of one , but there 's an infinity of the other .|And infinity 's too much , even for your appetite .
Let it be anyone , I 'll not leave them , mother .|What is God , I 've seen him in you ... my father ... Every word father says is gospel ... So they say ... .
They wanted you to have it . Who did ? Everyone . All the people you saved .|You , no one else , Clara .
Oh ! Oh ! OK ! Hello ! If I had known , I would have freshened up ! I wish you were freshened up , too . Get up there ! Come on ! Oh , you want this ? Oh , yeah . Ooh , yeah . That 's it , daddy . Take it like you want it . Give it to me ! Give it to me ! Oh , yeah ! Oh , yeah ! Yeah ! Come here ! Bring it on ! Kinky 's my middle name , bitch ! Ooh , yeah ! That was the best that I 've ever had . Oh . Mrs. Huey Kane . Hmm ? Doesn 't that just have a ring to it ? Ha ha ! Mmm ... baby ? Where you going ? Call me !|Let 's do something freaky . Hee hee ! Like what , Ray ? I don 't know . Why don 't you talk dirty to me ? I don 't know what to say , Ray . Come on . Just make something up .
You are ...|We know mother 's love inside out ...
I 'm asking you !|He 's Manickam , prime accused . He killed your father . Did he ? Now I know why he ran away on seeing us .
Ah ! Emma ? She 's so ... So what ?|Dead .
I 'm the Doctor . Doctor what ? If you like . And this is Clara . Ah , but you are very different !|You are Major Alec Palmer . Member of the Baker Street Irregulars , the Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare . Specialised in espionage , sabotage and reconnaissance behind enemy lines . You 're a talented watercolourist , professor of psychology AND ... ghost hunter !
Ha , ha , ha !|Aah ! Oh ! Aah ! Aah !
It 's ghost time .|I won 't have this stolen out from under me , do you understand ? Erm , no , not really , sorry . I will not have my work stolen , then be fobbed off with a pat on the back and a letter from the Queen . Never again ! This is my house , Doctor , and it belongs to me .
Hey , you . Hee , hee , hee , hee ! Come here a minute . Ha , ha , ha , ha ! Come here . Ha , ha , ha , ha !|Peekaboo ! Ha , ha , ha , ha !
I think she 's starting to suspect something . Who ?|Your wife . Aah !
I 'm sorry ! I didn 't mean to smoke your relatives ! Please ! No ! I didn 't do it by myself ! Whitney and Bobby helped me ! Please ! Help me ! Aah ! Shit , son ! Wait ! No ! Please ! Oh ! Oh , shit , son ! Oh , shit ! Oh , my God !|Aah ! Oh , shit ! I smell something burning !
Is she real ? As in , actually real ? Oh , she 's real . In the 17th century , a local clergyman saw her . He wrote that her presence was accompanied by a , " dreadful knocking , as if the Devil himself demanded entry . "|During the war , American airmen stationed here left offerings of tinned Spam . The tins were found in 1965 , bricked up in the servants ' pantry , along with a number of handwritten notes . Appeals to the Ghast ... " For the love of God , stop screaming . "
During the war , American airmen stationed here left offerings of tinned Spam . The tins were found in 1965 , bricked up in the servants ' pantry , along with a number of handwritten notes . Appeals to the Ghast ... " For the love of God , stop screaming . "|She never changes .
Oh , stop ! It 's me ! I got an idea ! Oh , wait a second ! Hold on , Shorty ! Don 't rescue me yet . I 'm getting high as a motherfucker ! Toke , toke , toke , toke ! Take it to the head ! Take it to the head !|Oh , you take it like a bitch . Put the Shorty down ... and I 'll give you Funyons and Cheetos .
The angle 's different , the framing , but she 's always in exactly the same position . Why is that ? We don 't know . She 's an objective phenomenon . But objective recording equipment can 't detect her ... Without the presence of a powerful psychic . Absolutely . Very well done .|She knows I 'm here ...
Oh , you take it like a bitch . Put the Shorty down ... and I 'll give you Funyons and Cheetos .|Oh , shit ! Oh , shit ! This shit burns more than a perm !
Oh , shit ! Oh , shit ! This shit burns more than a perm !|Aah !
What 's she saying ?|" Help me . "
Overtake that car and go . Let 's see .|Traffic is getting jammed here , take back your vehicle .
Not only I knew him or never talked to him also . On hearing about his death , I wanted to help his family and got you this job . But you 've come here complaining about that job .|Do you know how many police departments are there and how many are working ?
So this is your secret room .|Well ... this just isn 't gonna work now , is it ?
Without knowing this , you 've come here complaining about the entire department , guys like you are ... Today is Christmas . Do you know how many police men are on duty without going to church or being with family ?|No festivals or any good or bad occasions , without bothering about anything , infact without knowing what his children are studying , a police man is one who is always on duty !
In the name of security for VIP , they stand on duty in remote areas without water also , he 's the real police man who does his duty , he 'll be hungry without knowing where to ask for food , but he 'll be back on duty the next morning , caste or communal flare up , for any problem , a police man risks his life to bring peace , at times he 'll leave his wife in labor pain to do his duty , your father was such a police man ! You 're his son , aren 't you ashamed to talk like this .|Do you think I 'm sitting happily in this chair ?
The Music Room is the heart of the house .|Say we actually find her . What do we say ? We ask how she came to be ... whatever she is .
Ain 't that a bitch ?|We 're gonna die , y 'all .
Is he really from the Ministry ? Er , I don 't know .|He 's certainly got the right demeanour . Capricious ... brilliant .
Oh , wow . Look at this . There 's so many ashes , Buddy .|What are you doing ? Hold it . Aah !
If this city faces any small problem , CM , Minister , Home Secretary , Public and Media , everyone will hound us , I must answer every one of them , literally I 've to go mad , I 've done IPS . my initial duty was to stand before Minister 's house all the day , did I ask why should I stand there ? That 's my duty .|Just because I 'm honest I got transferred 7 times ! I went to different places leaving my family .
Any job you do , do it with love , never belittle it .|Police man must never bow his head on facing death also .
You know , I have to ... have to be getting on with things The , erm , the equipment and so forth . Of course .|Ah , the Music Room . The heart of the house .
Cindy ? This is a skeleton . This is bones . Would you run from Calista Flockhart ?|Shut your ass up .
Brother , look there !|Did AC send him here to bash us ? You take care of him , I 'll take care of the councillor .
Have you both joined to kill me ? I 'll not spare you . Start the vehicle , fast ! What 's the problem ?|It 's not my problem , it 's your problem .
What was that ?|Does it seems colder ?
No , no . No kissing . No kissing .|No . Leave this on . Leave this on . You look beautiful just like that . Yeah . Yeah . Oh ! Oh !
She 's coming .|OK , what is that ? It 's a very loud noise . It 's a very loud , very angry noise . But what 's making it ? ! I don 't know . Are you making it ?
Buuuuudyyyy . Ha , ha , ha ! What about you , Buddy ? What do you want to do ?|Well ...
Well ...|He 's in here . Oh !
He 's in here . Oh !|Aah ! Aah ! Aah !
Oh , my God . He locked us in . You should call for help . Hello ! Hello . Can you hear me ?|Come in ! Come in ! Copy ! Do you copy me ? We have a situation here ! Breaker !
Tell me , what 's it ? Poornima looked at me . It was electrifying !|He said God and telling me story about aunty . You 're fine in day time , why don 't you go after Manickam now ? I 'm on duty in day time , how can I go after him ? I can use only nights to search him . Only at nights you can torture me with the love for your father . Why do you do like that ?
All right , Dwight Hartman ... it 's your time to shine . All right . Come on .|Come on , Kane . Show yourself ! Look . I don 't even need my thermal goggles .
He has come here also .|Tea shop man knows what we didn 't know till now . It 's embarrassing to call ourselves as police men . It 's better to work in wine shop .
Not what I thought she 'd be . What did you think she 'd be ? Fun .|Can I borrow your camera ?
Buddy , I 'm sad thinking about Rs.7.5 lakhs . You too become a different character like Vikram in the film ' Anniyan ' . Have few pegs every evening , you 'll be fine . Hey boy , come here .|Why are you crying now ? people start crying after finishing drinks , you 've started in the beginning itself .
Take it .|He ... please don 't keep your face like this . Brother , I think they have new plan
Don 't trust him ... there 's a sliver of ice in his heart .|'Clara ! '
Help ! Here . Take my hand . Ahh ! Come on . You 're gonna fall unless you take my hand ... No . Give me your other hand . No . My other hand isn 't strong enough . You take my little hand . No ! Get it away from me ! Take it ! Take my hand ! Aah !|Eww .
You need a place to keep this . I 've got one . Or I had one ... I think I had one . Look around , see if you find it . Did I have one ? Am I going mad ? No , not in here ! How do you expect her to like you ? She 's SOAKING wet ! It 's a health and safety nightmare .|Sorry .
You broke the bottle in pieces , bloody fool !|Why did you break the bottle ? Do you want me to drink from bribe money ? What 's the difference between bribe money and other money ? Why are you taking my life ? If we drink with bribe money , we 'll throw up . If we drink with our own money , would we not throw up ?
Back in a mo .|Are you all right ?
What 's wrong ? Did the TARDIS say something to you ? Are you being mean ? No , it 's not that . Have we just watched the entire life cycle of the Earth ? Birth to death ? Yes ! And you 're OK with that ?|Yes . How can you be ? The TARDIS . She 's ... time . We ... Wibbly vortex and so on . That 's not what I mean . OK ... some help ? Context ? Cheat sheet ?
Whoo ! Oh ! Ooh !|Ooh !
Get the hell out of there , guys ! Come on !|Ray , give me a 180 . OK . Listen . Someone has to go ... and lure him onto that platform .
This phone always disturbs . That AC 's son only .|Hey Maravattai ! Kidnap SI 's daughter Poornima . Can 't do it , she 's an SI 's daughter . Many of the group is in jail . You 're kidnapping her , cut the phone call .
Oh .|What is that ?
Forget about that , I don ' see your man anymore now .|Why do you ask me that ? He 's totally ignoring me .
An auto is coming there ... . Stop , brother . Come quickly . Get in quickly . Go ... go ... go .. You too get in . Call Viswa . Stop the vehicle . Today we must kidnap her .|She 's running away , catch her ... Buddy , catch her , she 's running away ! How did he come here ? Catch her , don 't leave her .
I don 't have your gift . You don 't need it ... just look at me and tell me .|There you are , you read my mind .
See ? The Witch of the Well ! It 's a wormhole ! A reality well ! A door to the echo universe . Ready ? READY !|Geronimo . Wah ...
Geronimo . Wah ...|Whoa ...
Hey , Pop .|Hope you didn 't come back here sniffing around , looking for a job , Jake , because if you did , you 're out of luck ... I 'm all crewed up . Ezekiel : Honestly , I thought the whole " bad dad " thing was just a cover . Shh ! I want to hear every word of this . What 's this trouble I 've been hearing about ? Eh , those protesters have been yapping at us for weeks . Now they 're trying to get us shut down over this hole . State says I got to wait around and wait for some conservation eggheads to sign off on it .
What did the AC tell you , brother ?|Nothing !
So , we 're going with he hit himself . Well , he had to say something once he heard the Doc say that wasn 't a burial ground . Don 't leave town .|I didn 't need you to lie for me . I 'm trying to buy us some time so we can figure out what happened . What happened is , he hit himself in the head or something , walked into a falling rock to make it look like I did it !
Last time , he escaped and killed our head constable unjustly .|He went underground all these days , got information that he 'll be here to attend marriage of a goon on Sunday .
How much longer are you thinking on putting time and effort into this old beast ? Find something good , you stick with it .|Pop , sometimes things aren 't as good as you think they are . Sometimes you got to move on . Stop trying to fix things that are always broke . This will fix you up .
Pop , sometimes things aren 't as good as you think they are . Sometimes you got to move on . Stop trying to fix things that are always broke . This will fix you up .|No , thank you .
What about you ? I 'll be next .|Ah !
Or did it all just go into the flask ? You just keep your yapping , see where that gets you . I ain 't too old to knock your ass through that wall .|Son of a bitch .
Son of a bitch .|Thought you went to get your seismic thing or whatever . I decided we needed to find Stone instead . Well , Jenkins said we should get back to the source . Yes , but we need stone for that , right ? You go check the flats . I 'll see if he 's out by the shed .
That includes me .|That 's the matter , let 's discuss today evening . You can go now .
Uh ... Whatever .|Those seismic documents they have didn 't make any sense . Okay , you 're messing with me , right ? What are you talking about ? You just told me back there that we should ... Together : We need Jenkins .
Wake up ! WAKE UP ! Open the thing ! I 'm sorry . Don 't be sorry . Don 't be . What you did ... Wasn 't enough , she needs to do it again . She can 't . Look at her . She HAS to !|We can 't leave him .
Brother , two teas please .|I 'll go , sir .
That maybe my dad do it ... Attack Munsi .|Do it again . Keep going . Say something ! I lied to my father because I didn 't want him to know that I thought he was a failure and that I resented him .
Doctor ? Can you hear me ?|Ah ! Whoa ! WAH ! Doctor ...
That 's a whole lot of lying , son .|How am I supposed to react to that ? You tell me .
'Doctor , we 're here . Come home ! ' Emma ?|What do you want ?
What do you want ?|To frighten me , I suppose , eh ? Because that 's what you do . You hide ... you 're the bogeyman under the bed . Seeking whom you may devour .
You can 't hurt your friends . Wrong .|I know they 're all you . So , go ahead and bring on anyone you want .
I 'm afraid to use my real name ! Because then I can 't pretend it 's my father 's fault anymore .|I could live with being a failure in my old life . But I was too afraid to be a failure in my new one .
I could live with being a failure in my old life . But I was too afraid to be a failure in my new one .|My daddy always taught me if you 're gonna fight the devil , you got to bring him in close .
We killed your father ! But we were ordered to kill him .|Don 't know where he 's hiding and when he 'll gun me down ? What to do now ?
You both responsible for me to realise him .|What are you saying ?
Yeah . It 's all good .|Fathers and sons ... Complicated dynamic . That 's , uh that 's one way to put it , Jenkins . Hmm .
I 've walked places I should never have gone . I have seen things and done things ... Uh , uh , my point being ... We cannot help where we come from , but we can choose how it manifests itself . You 're saying what we 're made up of ...|Is different than what we 're made of . I 'm saying family ain 't easy .
But now I 'm crying daily thinking about him , who is there to console me ? Who will ?|I 'm crying daily thinking about you . Who will console me ? Never asked a question .
BELL : Holmes ?|Holmes . Thoughts ? Well , your working theory is obviously that this man was interrupted in the performance of his duties by the thief , who then brained the unfortunate mortician and made off with all of his clients ' jewelry . So how , then , do we explain these bite marks ? It 's an oddly personal means of attack , is it not ? Especially for a transaction conducted solely in the name of the profit motive . Yeah , we thought it was weird . Maybe the robbery was just a cover ? You said the owner found his body exactly like this , right ? Mmm .
'Doctor ! '|'I 'm not happy . ' Yeah , you need me to piggyback you across ! I 'm not holding your hand .
Thank you for your time .|OFFICER : This way . This way .
How dare you talk disrespectfully to my senior officer !|I 'll kill you !
Okay , I ... I am ... not discussing Colville . What happened that night ? Nothing happened that night . What happened that I treated my patient . I was there .|He might not have killed those women .
He might not have killed those women .|We may have let an innocent man die .
Hey , are we really going to risk it ? That thing is spewing poison . We should blow it back into space . Get your gear . Hey ! I don 't take orders from my kid brother . Don 't try and form sentences , all right ? Stick to what you do best .|Tell me , since when does an android need a blast suit and a respirator ? Flesh coating , same as us . He 'd burn up .
Tell me , since when does an android need a blast suit and a respirator ? Flesh coating , same as us . He 'd burn up .|No fear , no hate , no pain .
All right , I 'm calling it . It 's 1 : 04 .|WATSON : That epinephrine could 've saved his life . We let him die . We 've been over this . I gave that man the same standard of care I provide anyone who comes through the doors of my O.R. I didn 't even know who Aaron Colville was . A psychotic murderer , bludgeoning and biting women ten blocks from the neighborhood where you lived and worked . I ... I didn 't make the connection till after he passed . Why are we talking about this ? If you had an issue with my behavior , you should have filed a complaint . We 're talking about a decade ago . Listen , I am consulting with the NYPD now . Police are investigating two new murders , and everything about them looks like the crimes that Colville was charged with . Then it was a copycat . I mean , that 's the term , right ? All the victims were bitten . We are waiting for official confirmation , but it looks like the same bite marks to me . Okay , well , if that 's what you came here to say , you know , consider me informed . Listen . He said something to you that night . If there was any clue as to what he said , if he thought he was being framed ... Dr. Fleming , please . There 's nothing anyone can do to you now .
Buddy , he 's not in uniform , give him a good thrashing . It 's wrong .|They brought him back in new clothes .
Oh !|Report . What 's on board this thing ? 'Dynomorphic generators , conceptual geometer , beam synthesiser , 'orthogonal engine filters . '
Happy hunting .|These are transparencies taken from the dental records provided by Everyone . The photograph , of course , depicts bite marks left by our killer . This one 's close , but the lateral incisor is crooked . Just a few thousand more to go .  27,000 . An overwhelming majority of killers strike within three miles of their primary residence . While it 's true that we 're looking for a psychopath , it 's unlikely that he commuted to the next borough for his dental care . One of the hundreds in the Bronx most likely flosses our madman . Why don 't you rest ? I 'll take the first shift .
Had we known you 've a devil like son , we wouldn 't have dared come near you ? We didn 't know that , we needed this .|Is he son ?
Oh my God !|Shut up !
No ! No , no . Stop ! Please ! Don 't ! Don 't touch it . Please . She won 't let you touch it . I can feel a TARDIS tantrum coming on . What the hell is this place ? Architectural Reconfiguration System . It reconstructs particles according to your needs . A machine that makes machines ? Yes . Basically .|What are you doing ? No , no , don 't ! Don 't ! If you walk out of here with that circuit , the TARDIS will try to stop you ! Now listen to me . Look , the clock is ticking . We must find Clara !
He was an organ donor . And yes , for a second , I wondered if the world would be better off if ... if we just let him die . Hmm . So it 's possible that your colleague had exactly the same thought process that you did but decided to go through with it . It 's also possible that he 's saying the truth ; that he had no idea who Colville was , and that you 're just projecting your hesitation onto Dr. Fleming . As it stands at the moment , we 'll never know , will we ? Now , is it possible that you 'll find a piece of evidence in there which suggests that he 's a multiple offender ? Well , yes , I suppose it is . But I don 't think that catching Dr. Fleming is at the heart of this particular matter . I think it 's about you forgiving yourself for a less than noble , if entirely understandable , thought . Which , I 'll remind you , you didn 't act on .|Watson . Hmm ? Have you slept ? Did you know the surviving members of the Grateful Dead occasionally tour together under the name Furthur ?
Shut up !|Why did you kill my father ? We didn 't kill him , he ordered us to kill him .
BELL : My guys are getting antsy . How much longer you want to stay here ? As long as it takes . His Web page didn 't specify the time of the appointment .|Good morning . My friend here has an appointment at 10 : 30 .
Good morning . My friend here has an appointment at 10 : 30 .|The dog looks familiar , but I don 't recognize the guy . I 've seen him before . There were a bunch of pictures of him on Divac 's profile . They 're friends from the dog park . Okay , so Divac gave his dog away and then skipped town ? Let 's find out .
Won 't you stand properly in one place ?|Buddy , give that cane to me . If he canes him , why are you jumping here ? If elder brother gets beaten up , is younger brother feeling the pain ? Will you listen or not ? Will you do it ?
No , buddy .|Poor men !
BELL : You were home those nights ... alone ? Yes . I live alone . I forgot it was a crime . I 'm sorry . My hand really hurts . Is there something you can give me for ... ? Stan , we know about the MPA . We know you stopped taking it .|I made some mistakes when I was young , but I did my time . When I got out , I didn 't want to slip . The medicine helped , but it is terrible stuff . I 've had kidney problems . I gained some weight . I thought , you know , if the old ... spark came back , I 'm smarter now . I could control it . But then I quit the stuff ... and there was nothing . I don 't know if being on it all those years changed me or if I just got old . But I don 't want to hurt anybody anymore .
Why are you doing this ?|Back where we started . No . It 's an echo .
Thanks . You 're still under arrest for murder . This way . Come on .|Come on , turn here . He was gonna crack . Actually , I don 't think he was .
Open and eat .|Eat , brother .
Sh !|I can hear her .
I don 't think he did it . I don 't think he killed any of those women .|WATSON : The most recent victim 's name was Alexandra Stine . When her body was found , her torso wasn 't scratched or bruised . It wasn 't her body that shattered this glass . She fought back against her killer and slammed him into that mirror . If that was Stan Divac , he would still be in a full body cast . I don 't follow . He has osteoporosis . The MPA . Stan 's system was ravaged by the chemical castration drugs . Bone loss is a common side effect .
Eat , brother .|Are you scared that I would 've poisoned your food ? I know you wouldn 't do like that .
I never ate with my father like this . You eat .|He started it again .
So I 'm going to tell you something , Joan , because I hold all the cards here . But maybe if you hear what really happened that night , it 'll give you some peace and , uh , I don 't know , let you end this . I will not ever admit to saying this .|I knew who Colville was . And he did say something to me . It was his last words . I mean , he was doped up . I don 't know if he thought I was a priest , but he said that he wanted to confess .
Brother !|Did my father cry in pain when you stabbed him ?
I found these resting on your bathroom sink . And as an invited guest , I 'm perfectly entitled to inspect any items in plain view .  Oh , that must be your attorney . You might want to find someone with experience in criminal law . Tell me , how did you learn of the existence of dentures that match your son 's teeth ? It 's the only thing I can 't piece together .|That 's fine . You can tell us about it at the station .
I know what I said . I was the one who said it . You said it was looking at you funny .|Now you 're creeping me out . Please tell me there 's a button you can press to fix this ?
Call Viswa .|I thought you got emotional and saying that in anger . But you did what you said !
They killed my father in one day , sir .|But without understanding him , I killed my father everyday for 15 years .
She 's right onto us . She ? Clara , don 't ask me any more .|You 're like one of the those guys who can 't go out with a girl unless his mother approves . It 's important to me you get along ...
It 's all right . He didn 't hear . But she 's not going to call , is she ? Not if he 's got her beeper .|Look , look . Uh , when Mart comes back , I 'll go to the bathroom , I 'll call the hospital , have them page Andrew 's beeper , and then she 'll get the message to call him .
Greetings , boss .|Power can be bad .
Power can be bad .|But if it is with bad man like you , entire system will go bad .
You killed him for your selfish end . If I kill you here , nobody will dare ask me a question ! I must know how many people you 've killed till now !|Arrest these 3 men .
He ? Dad . I don 't ... remember him .|You did this to me , just to be captain of a heap of junk .
He has committed many crimes , sir .|After inquiry , kill AC and Manickam .
Can we promote Viswa as Inspector , sir ?|He did his duty , that 's all . There are 1000 's like him in the dept . I 'll recommend his name for Tamil Nadu State police award . Promotions happen only in films .
That 's me . I 'm so sorry .|It 's me . I burn in here . It isn 't just the past leaking out through the time rift .
Imagine getting into a fight with the fucker . Please , I don 't feel good . That 's what you 'd say . But that wouldn 't wash with Jeff . No . He 'd like a bit of pleading . Add spice to it . In fact , he 'd probably tell you what he was gonna do before he did it . " I 'm gonna pull your head off . " " No , please , don 't pull my head off . " " I 'm gonna pull your head off , because I don 't like your head . "|Have you got soup ? Why didn 't I get any soup ?
Hang on . As long as we interrupt the timeline , this can 't happen .|Don 't touch each other , otherwise the future will reassert itself .
Jesus , look at that . Apart from a raw potato , that 's the only solid to have passed my lips in the last 60 hours . I must be ill .|" Even a stopped clock gives the right time twice a day .
Tricky !|Don 't touch him , or time will reassert itself .
You really don 't , do you ? I think I 'm more scared of you right now than anything else on that TARDIS . You 're just Clara , aren 't you ?|OK . I don 't know what the hell this is about , but the hug is really nice .
OK . I don 't know what the hell this is about , but the hug is really nice .|We 're not going to die here . This isn 't real ! It 's a snarl . What ? What does a wounded animal do ? It tries to scare everyone away . We 're close to the engine . The TARDIS is snarling at us , trying to frighten us off . We need to jump . You 're insane . We 'll cross a portal to the engine . How can you be so sure ? Well , I can 't . OK , well , that 's watertight . Hey , now , Clara , I 've piloted this ship for over 900 years . Trust me this one time , please .
We 're not going to die here . This isn 't real ! It 's a snarl . What ? What does a wounded animal do ? It tries to scare everyone away . We 're close to the engine . The TARDIS is snarling at us , trying to frighten us off . We need to jump . You 're insane . We 'll cross a portal to the engine . How can you be so sure ? Well , I can 't . OK , well , that 's watertight . Hey , now , Clara , I 've piloted this ship for over 900 years . Trust me this one time , please .|OK . OK . As well as all the other times .
OK . OK . As well as all the other times .|Ready ? Geronimo .
Where 's my car ?|I gave it to a young man who said how much he liked it .
There 's no way I can save her now .|She 's just always been there for me , taken care of me . And now it 's my turn and I don 't know what to do . It ... it just ...
" What we need is harmony . " Fresh air , stuff like that . "|Wasn 't much in the tube . There 's nothing left for you . Why don 't you ask your father for some money ? If we had some money we could go away .
You are beautiful . Beautiful fragile human skin . Like parchment . Thank you . The rift in time . All the memories leaking out . I need to find the moment we crashed . I need to find ... the music .|The time rift . Recent past . Possible future . What are you going to do ? Rewrite today , I hope . I 've thrown this through the rift before . I need to make sure this time . Going to take it in there myself . There might be a certain amount of yelling . It 's going to hurt ? Things that end your life often do that . Wait ! All those things you said . How we 've met before . How I died ... Clara , don 't worry . You 'll forget . Time mends us . It can mend anything . I don 't want to forget . Not all of it . The library . I saw it . You were mentioned in a book . I 'm mentioned in a lot of books .
Would you like a drink ? What 's your name ? MacFuck ?|I have a heart condition . I have a heart condition . If you hit me , it 's murder . I 'll murder the pair of youse .
Is there someone we can phone ? Aye , but you won 't get a signal there , sir .|How far did you say it was to Port Isaac ? A couple of mile , maybe .
If I rewrite today , you won 't remember . You won 't go looking for my name .|You 'll still have secrets . Better that way .
I have a heart condition . I have a heart condition . If you hit me , it 's murder . I 'll murder the pair of youse .|My wife is having a baby .
Time change . You lose , you gain .|Makes no difference , so long as you keep taking the pills . But sooner or later , you 've got to get out , because it 's crashing . And all at once , those frozen hours melt through the nervous system and seep out the pores .
I got your saveloy . Here . I don 't want it . Then stick it in the soap tray and save it for later . Don 't vent spleen on me . I 'm in the same boat . Stop saying that ! You 're not in the same boat . The only thing you 're in that I 've been in is this fucking bath .|Danny 's here . Head hunter to his friends . Head hunter to everybody . He doesn 't have any friends . The only people he converses with are his clients and , occasionally , the police .
Edmund !|Don 't fret , Effie , my dear . All will be well . But we must get to the bottom of this dark and queer business , no matter what the cost .
We are so very sorry for your loss .|Hell fire ! That 's put me right off me mash .
Well , hello . Come in .|Sit down , do .
Not here to sleep .|So why is he here ? Did you see the glove ?
Don 't you agree ?|It 's a part I intend to play , Uncle . And you 'll be marvellous .  Marvellous .
Them new manufacturers can do 'orrible things to a person . 'Orrible . I 've pickled things in here that 'd fair turn your hair snowy as top of Buckden Pike .|You know what I 'm looking for . Oh , aye . All them bits found in 't canal . The Crimson Horror !
You know what I 'm looking for . Oh , aye . All them bits found in 't canal . The Crimson Horror !|It hardly seems possible . Eh ? I think ...
It hardly seems possible . Eh ? I think ...|I think I 've seen these symptoms before . Oh , aye ? A long time ago . Oh , aye ? How long ? About 65 million years !
Come on , then .|I swear to God , Odette . I swear to God I done nothing wrong .
What about you ?|You done anything I should know about ? No . So then you won 't mind if I cut open this jelly ? No .
Please , stop .  Are you the farmer ?  Shut up . I 'll deal with this . We 've gone on holiday by mistake . We 're in this cottage here . Are you the farmer ? Stop saying that , Withnail . Of course he 's the fucking farmer !|We 're friends of Montague Withnail . We desperately need fuel and wood .
I 've already put two shilling pieces in . No , I haven 't got another . Well , it 's not my fault if the system doesn 't work .|Bitch hung up on me .
Now , you stand well back . Do you hear me ? I don 't mean no harm to ya ' . But you try anything funny and I 'll leave you here to rot . Is that understood ?|Right .
You be careful , Harvey ! I will .|Who 's that ? HARVEY : That 's Merlin . He lives on the boat . He protects us . What from ? You want to start cutting some bait so we 're ready when we get to the first string ? Where is it ?
What 's happened to you ?|Can 't you speak ?
I can smell the graveyard . Boy , what you can smell is your dirty old corpse . Why don 't you go home and take a bath ? You 're getting my maggots excited . My days at sea are finished . So who 's out crewing for your boss , then ?|I tell you , if I can 't work on the boats , I don 't want to live . I don 't . Dr. Cadbury says ... Boy , who 's fishing with Harvey ? I don 't know ! And I don 't care .
Right . We 're getting out of here .|Come on !
Bastard asked me to understudy Konstantin in The Seagull .|I 'm not going to understudy anybody . Specially that little pimp .
Shut that gate and keep it shut !|I think an evening at the Crow .
Have you met Jake ? Poacher . Works the lake . But , eh , keep it under your hat , hm ?|What 's all this army bollocks ? We got a drink , didn 't we ?
Brave heart , Clara !|It 's another one , don 't you see ? Another victim ! Why won 't any one of you listen ? We 'll listen .
Help us out , Raymond .|He 's been fed from arsehole to beak .
No . No mistake . Just take them three times a day . I 'm sure he 'll be fine .|Come on , Johnny .
Do you know the old Romany superstition , Clara ? That the eye of a dead person retains an image of the last thing it sees ? Nonsense , of course . Unless the chemical composition of the body has been massively corrupted .|Wow . This is nasty . An organic poison . A sort of venom . And you think it 's connected to Sweetville ? I do . Well , then , we need a plan !
Waah !|Look ! Come here , look . Down here , look . Under the rock . Look , I can see it .
Look ! Come here , look . Down here , look . Under the rock . Look , I can see it .|Here , look .
Here , look .|See . Look . Here . There 's two of them here , look . Come on , come on , come on .
Sometimes , the preservation process goes wrong . Only Mr Sweet knows why . And only Mama is allowed to talk to Mr Sweet . But if you 're very good , you can stay here . You 'll be my secret .|My special monster .
 Right . Now what ? Stick him under that cloth there . Smother him ? I like it .|Well ?
It 's complicated .|Horse ! You have failed in your mission . We are lost , with no sign of Sweetville . Do you have any final words , before your summary execution ?
I 'm gonna have to kill her .|HARVEY : Pete does a daily run to London to supply to a handful of the best restaurants . It 's cash , so it 's off the books . Right , how much do you owe us , then ? 500 .
We mean no harm !| Oh , my boys , my boys , forgive me .  Monty . Monty . Monty ! Monty , you terrible cunt ! Forgive me . It was inconsiderate of me not to have telegrammed . What are you doing , prowling around in the middle of the fucking night ? Well , I had a punctured tyre . I had to wait an aeon for assistance . I ... I 'm sorry if I frightened you . I should have knocked , but ... Oh , I 'll ... I 'll sleep in the other room , if I may . Anywhere you like . Eh , yes , well , erm ... Er ... good night .
Not funny . Last week we lost our butcher because his wife found out he was having an affair with his trainee . Wife got a jelly .|Oh , God , is that , um ...
What is the meaning of this ? Oh , Mama , I have been foolish .|I have formed a ... a sentimental attachment .
But surely you could forego for just this one occasion ? I 've come a very long way to see you both . Can 't actually , I mean , I 'd love to stay . But he 's more adamant to get back than I am . Then we must choose our moment ... and have a word with him .|I 'm sure together we could persuade him .
An attachment ? To whom ? A young man . Unlike the others , he survived rejection . He must be strong . Worthy of salvation . Wrecker ! Berserker ! You have loosed a reject onto the outside world ! I have disappointed you . My plans must be accelerated . Nothing must interfere with the Great Work ! But please say there is still room for me in your new Eden , Mama ! Promise me that ! I will set my Pilgrims onto him . No ! Kindly do not paw and slobber at my crinolines . You know I cannot bear to look at sick people . Promise you will not abandon me , Mama , promise me that ! Do you not yet understand that there can be no place for people such as you ? That only perfection is good enough for myself and for Mr Sweet .|The bright day is done , child , and you are for the dark .
Oh . You gave me a fright . What are you doing sitting here in the dark ? Where have you been ? Out . Where , Judith ?|With Harvey . Oh , and how is dear Harvey ? Looks like he 's found someone to take Boy 's place on the boat . The man 's a doctor , you know ?
I 'm sure together we could persuade him .|There , now . Garlic , rosemary and salt .
Doctor . Oh . Great . Great . Attack of the supermodels . Time for a plan . Nah , Doctor . This one 's on me .|That is a plan !
You see if you can blow that up for me .|Why ? It 'll show me how strong your lungs are .
OK . Time for a new plan .|Quickly ! Let 's go ! No ! No , ma 'am ! We 're not escaping ! We 've got to help the Doctor with Clara !
There , now . Garlic , rosemary and salt .|I can never touch meat until it 's cooked . As a youth , I used to weep in butchers ' shops .
Long story . What now , Madame ? We could lay mimetic cluster mines . Strax . Or dig trenches and fill them with acid . Strax ! You 're overexcited . Have you been eating Miss Jenny 's sherbet fancies again ?|No . Go outside and wait for me until I call for you . But , Madame ... Go !
No . Go outside and wait for me until I call for you . But , Madame ... Go !|I 'm going to go and play with my grenades .
You can 't find the rosemary ?|I 'm sure we could find it together .
I thought you 'd stopped all that twaddle . I 'm trying . I 'm trying . Oh , Vicar . You can 't believe all that nonsense , not as a clergyman .|Was it in a ... Jeepers ! But I saw him . Him ? It 's a her . Our stranger . So ... There are two of them . Like in " Scream " ! Two killers . Now , that 's very clever . We must call a meeting . Call a meeting and confront them . All of us . We 'll force a confession out of our two phantoms .
My people once ruled this world , as well you know . But we did not rule it alone . Just as humanity fights a daily battle against nature , so did we . And our greatest plague , the most virulent enemy was the repulsive red leech . Ooh ! The repulsive red leech ! Nah . On balance , I think I prefer the Crimson Horror . What was it exactly ? A tiny parasite . It infected our drinking water . And once in our systems , it secreted a fatal poison . If it 's been hanging around , lurking in the shadows , maybe it 's evolved . Or maybe it 's had help . Doctor , I 've been thinking , the chimney ... Yeah , yeah , yeah . Way past that now ! Yucky red parasite from the time of the dinosaurs pitches up in Victorian Yorkshire . Didn 't see that one coming ! Yeah , but the chimney ... But what 's the connection to Mrs Gillyflower ? " Judgement will rain down on us all ... "|An empty mill .
I miss you .|Me too .
A chimney that doesn 't blow smoke .|Clever clogs . Missed me ? Yeah , lots !
All right , then , lovey . Let 's get you to bed . In bed by midnight , it 'll do us both good .|Night , night , then , Monty .  I want to be alone . I want to be alone .
Night , night , then , Monty .  I want to be alone . I want to be alone .|I want to be alone .
Shh !|OK .
Harvey , have you got a knife ?|What are you gonna do ? I 'm just going to stab him in the throat .
There you go . Thank you . Have you got a Biro or a piece of tube or something ? No . Do you want to go and have a look for a hose or a piece of bamboo ? Something like that . Quite quickly , please .|This all right , Doc ?
If I had known that , I would never have attempted to come between you . I know that , Monty . I respect you for your sensitivity . I thank you for it . But you must leave .|Yes .
Doctor ... What is it ? A survivor ! He has grown fat on the filth humanity has pumped into the rivers . That 's where I found him . Very enterprising . His needs are simple . And in return , he gives me his nectar . Mrs Gillyflower , you have no idea what you 're dealing with ! In the wrong hands , that venom could wipe out all life on this planet ! Do you know what these are ?|The wrong hands !
" Perhaps it is appropriate justice for the eavesdropper " that he should leave as his trade determines , " in secrecy , " and in the dead of night . " I do sincerely hope that you will find the happiness " which , alas , has always been denied to me .|" I am yours ever faithfully , " Montague H Withnail . "
Hang on , I 've got the sonic screwdriver ! Yeah ? I 've got a chair ! No !|Yeah . That worked . I 'm afraid your rocket isn 't going anywhere , Mrs G.
Right , now let 's ...|Ooh , what have we got ? Oh !
This 'll tend to make you very high .|This grass is the most powerful in the western hemisphere . I have it specially flown in from my man in Mexico .
What the hell are you doing up here anyway ?|I thought you 'd hid my pots .
Stop !|Just let her go , Mrs Gillyflower . Let Ada go ! Secondary firing mechanism , Doctor ! Mr Sweet and I are too smart for you , after all . Just let your daughter go , Mrs Gillyflower .
Law rather appeals to me , actually .|Just high .
What are you talking about , Danny ? Politics , man . If you 're hanging onto a rising balloon , you 're presented with a difficult decision . Let go before it 's too late ? Or hang on and keep getting higher ? Posing the question , how long can you keep a grip on the rope ?|They 're selling hippie wigs in Woolworths , man .
Justine , are you accusing him of being the phantom ? JUSTINE : One of them . Ah , don 't be so bloody ridiculous . He 's no woman , Justine . I 've got bigger tits than him .|That 's why he needs an accomplice . Don 't you , Doctor ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Let me tell you something , Doctor . We may live in the country , but we are not ignorant .
That 's why he needs an accomplice . Don 't you , Doctor ? I don 't know what you 're talking about . Let me tell you something , Doctor . We may live in the country , but we are not ignorant .|Yeah , lynch the bastard !
Are you there ?|I 'm here , Mama . Forgive me , my child . Forgive me .
Never . That 's ... my ... girl .|What will you do with that thing ? Take it back to the Jurassic era , maybe . Out of harm 's way .
On the other hand ...|Right , London . We were heading for London , weren 't we ? Was there any particular reason ? No . Thought you might ... like it . Yeah . Maybe had enough Victorian values for a bit . You 're the boss . Am I ? No . No ... Get in .
Now , Ada , I 'd love to stay and clear up the mess , but ... I know , dear monster , you have things to do . And what about you ? Oh , there are many things a bright young lady can do to occupy her time . It 's time I stepped out of the darkness and into the light . Good luck , Ada . You know , I think you 'll be just ... splendid .|Well , thanks a million , you three , as ever . Have some Pontefract cakes on me . I love Pontefract cakes !
Another one for the vault . Ah ! There you are . I called to see whether there had been any progress .|The boss , yep , that 's me !
The boss , yep , that 's me !|I am the boss .
Song Chang Sik , and Yoon Joo Hyeong And there is one more person . That 's right ! At the beginning it was a trio .|For this tribute concert we intend to invite that third member But no one knows how to reach him .
That 's not right . You were in Victorian London . No , I was in Victorian Yorkshire .|How come you didn 't tell us ? Time travel , that 's so cool ! Can we have a go ? Can you have a what ? ! We want a shot at the time machine ! No , no , no ! Listen ... OK , or we 'll have to tell Dad that our nanny 's a time traveller !
Hedgewick 's World , the biggest and best amusement park there will ever be ! Yeah , it 's closed down , reports of people just vanishing . No need to panic , my young friends . We all know there are no more living Cybermen . Attack formation , quickly ! Don 't wander off !|Take defensive positions ! They 're here ! Hail to you , the Doctor ! Saviour of the Cybermen !
Others had even lost contact for 40 years already .|Never once after he resigned .
You see before you waxwork representations of the famous ... and the infamous . Anybody here play chess ?|Perhaps you , young man ? Actually , I 'm in my school chess club . Ah , follow me .
Perhaps you , young man ? Actually , I 'm in my school chess club . Ah , follow me .|Now , let me demonstrate to you all the wonder of the age , the miracle of modernity . We defeated them all , a thousand years ago . But now he 's back , to destroy you . Behold ! The enemy ! Cyberman ! Get down !
Never once after he resigned .|The third member of Twin Folio , Oh Tae Gun .
Would you like to make the first move , young man ?|Oh , no , Artie . No , don 't do that , it ... It 's a fool 's mate .
You okay ? Fine .|Anything you want to talk about ?
Anything you want to talk about ?|Uh , no . Thanks .
Two people who would become friends and lifelong enemy they met like that .|All of this because you stopped singing , so C 'est si bon must choose their new ace . isn 't it ?
They call me Porridge . Ah , it 's good to be out of that box . For you , Miss ... an Imperial penny .|I have not one but THREE Cybermen in my collection .
Hey , can 't you keep quiet ? I pay my drink , you know ! Who is not able to pay his own drinks , asshole ?|Damn , you want to get beaten ?
This guy sounds cool too .|Come here , you bastard !
I think that was the most fun I 've had in my whole life . It was ... OK .|Clara ? I think outer space is actually very interesting . Right , wonderful day out , Doctor , but it 's time to get the kids home . Yeah . Um , no . Not actually ready to leave . Why not ? I dunno . Reasons . What reasons ? Insects . Funny insects . I should add them to my funny insect collection . You collect funny insects ? Yeah , I 'm starting to . Right now .
Why not ? There are some things I have to work out . I don 't want to sleep with you at present .|When will you want to sleep with me ?
Why look , bitch ! Bastard !|Bastard ! Who do you think you are ? Hey !
Be quiet ! Shut up !|Bastard , why are you looking ? Want to get beaten ?
Ah , right , right , well , OK . As Imperial Consul , I am putting Clara in charge . Clara , stay alive until I get back , and don 't let anyone blow up this planet . Is that something they 're likely to do ? Get to somewhere defensible . Where are YOU going ? I 'm getting Angie , finding Artie and looking for funny insects . Stay alive . And you lot , no blowing up this planet !|Put me down ! I hate you !
The winner of tonight 's student night is ... Somehow tonight 's atmosphere is very tense .|Ladies and gentlemens ... The King Yoon Hyung Joo has returned !
Popular music nowadays mostly consists of a trio .|Trio takes three people .
Trio takes three people .|Three people ... 
Three people ... |Three people ...
Pardon ?|No , I 'm just ...
Aaaargh !|Incorporated . Yes .
Ooh ! Amazing !|Get out of my head ! Stop rummaging in my mind ! Just you try and stop me . Ooh , who 's Clara ? Why are you thinking about her so much ? Enough ! Fascinating . A complete mental block . Highly effective .
You can 't win !|Try me . You understand , when I DO win , the Cyberiad gets your brains and memories . All of it .
I guess we could come back for holidays .|Mm .
I think Chang Hee is suitable !|His voice is nothing exciting .
His voice is nothing exciting .|Who wants it ? All this while only 2 people are taken into consideration .
Folk .|Fork ?
Hold it right there ! What 's happening to them ?|One more step , and I fire ! Don 't fire that . A pulse will deactivate them . And anyway ... it 's a waste of charge . We may need it again . You don 't think that was the only one , then ?
The leftover from the payment can be used to pay the single apartment .|You why did you come to C 'est si bon ? This person has start again .
Stop that ! I felt that . Of course you did . It 's time to get up .|Wakey wakey , boys and girls . Wakey wakey .
What did this woman do ? She is wanted for the crime of murdering her master . Her bounty asks for her dead or alive ! Bounty ? !|7000 gold ! I 'll do it ! Hazuki 's getting that bounty ! huh ? Looks like Palam is losing its edge .
But because of the President 's request that he intends to release an album that 's why I came .|What is this ?
Brilliant .|Upgrade in progress .
Take revenge .|Take revenge .
He said it 's worth to anticipate .|What are you doing here , you country bumpkin ?
Alice Ferrin ... you should have destroyed this planet when you had the chance . They 're nearly here . Now , you can take my bishop and keep limping on for a little longer . Or you can sacrifice your queen , and get the children back , but it 's mate in five moves . And I get your mind .|Take my queen . And give me back the children .
What are you going to do with these ?|We can leave them .
This has no benefits for you .|I 'm not the type of who makes calculation .
I 'm not the type of who makes calculation .|You said you could not play the guitar ? Yes . Isn 't the important thing is that I can sing ?
She 's a soldier I hired . Is she now ? And why is this soldier naked ?|Nagi . that new girl 's our soldier . Huh ? That girl ?
Hm ?|She any good ? I recommend her . She 's pretty impressive . Look at this . I was pretty scared . It just looks like you pissed yourself to me . don 't you ?
Thank you , Doctor . For what ? Kids ' day out , getting us off the planet alive , whatever you were doing with the Cybermen ...|Good night .
See you next Wednesday . Well ... a Wednesday , definitely . Next Wednesday , last Wednesday ... one of the Wednesdays .|Impossible girl . A mystery wrapped in an enigma squeezed into a skirt that 's just a little bit too ... tight .
Impossible girl . A mystery wrapped in an enigma squeezed into a skirt that 's just a little bit too ... tight .|What are you ?
What are you ?|Signs of any Cybertech remaining ? No , Majesty . You ever wanted to be Emperor , Gloria ? No , Majesty . That 's the right answer . Come on . Let 's go home .
You only have one shoe each . She won 't be able to balance !|I 'll let you borrow some of my clothes . What ? come with me .
I 'll let you borrow some of my clothes . What ? come with me .|I think it works . but Palam 's taken their interest in us for exactly that reason .
Have you heard of the heaven 's spirit flower ? It 's the flour that lets out a sweet smell when you burn it .|I know of it .
Just kick Song Chang Sik . Hey , after all this I am a Seoul Arts school graduate .|Hey , plus the that one person He can 't play guitar . and the singing is also not good . what do you think I am ?
Tomorrow . an official from Palam will be here to negotiate .|Your job ... is to protect me .
We mustn 't underestimate the Code of the Sword Clan . she will target us . My Impurity will stop her . right ? right ? It 'll be fine . There 's nothing to worry about . too . We 'll drive Palam away from here . But I heard that Palam 's buying up all of the villages around here . I 'd never be able to forgive myself for betraying Pops like that . It 'll be fine .|We 'll figure something out .
We 'll figure something out .|Ms. Soldier .
That person over there Is also a singer ?|You 're still here ?
Sorry , Archie , I 'm going to have to ask you to render me unconscious . Fine . Better use this .|It might take a while . Aahaah !
Look at her . She gets along with everyone . I mean the chief did raise her . I think she 's taking care of the village pretty well . and still ...|I wanted to leave this village one day . so I thought I needed to climb my way up to the top .
Yoon Hyung Joo ... Song Chang Sik ...|And I ... Oh Gun Tae ... We are singers trio .
What 's this ? Oh , it arrived today . It 's for you . My dearest Clara , the Doctor entrusted me with your contact details in the event of an emergency , and I fear one has now arisen . Assuming this letter will have reached you , as planned , on April 10 , 2013 , please find and light the enclosed candle .|It will release a soporific which will induce a trance state , enabling direct communication across the years . Ew ! However , as I realize you have no reason to trust this letter , I have taken the liberty of embedding the same soporific into the fabric of the paper you are now holding . Speak soon .
So glad you could make it . Where am I ? Exactly where you were , but sleeping . Time travel has always been possible in dreams . We are awaiting only one more participant . Oh , no , not the one with the gigantic head . It 's hair , Strax . Hmph . Hair .|Madame Vastra ! Professor . Help yourself to some tea . Why , thank you .
Myeongseong Queen .|Your arrogance is not inferior to Myeongseong Queen .
Are you the leader ? yes .|Aren 't they dressed kinda weird ? Shh .
Aren 't they dressed kinda weird ? Shh .|The Palam Empire will buy this land . Leave . We already know our answer . We will not sell our land .
The Palam Empire will buy this land . Leave . We already know our answer . We will not sell our land .|In that case ...
Oh yes , what do you think after hearing this " Daydream " song ?|Our C 'est si bon trio .
Our C 'est si bon trio .|I want to hear an objective assessment from all of you . Those that are able to make the Student Night be as hot as the Yoon Hyeong Joo and and Song Chang Sik 's group is magical .
How , exactly , did he describe what he was giving you ? The Doctor has a secret , you know ? He has one he will take to the grave . And it is discovered . You misunderstood . Ma 'am , sorry , I just realized I forgot to lock the door . It doesn 't matter , Jenny . What misunderstanding ? Tell me . No , ma 'am , please , I should 've locked up before we went into the trance . Jenny , it doesn 't matter !|Someone 's broken in . Someone 's with us . I can hear them . Jenny , are you all right ? Sorry , ma 'am . So sorry . So sorry . So sorry . I think I 've been murdered .
But ... But what ? The ability of the other person seemed unable to compete .|Why talk like that in front of others ?
You , too , Strax . Wake up , now !|Tell the Doctor . Tell the Doctor .
... Oh Geun Tae should not be denied .|I told you right that this woman has a charm ?
I was in the employ of the Palam Empire .|I 'm sorry .
Aah ! Aaaah ! Ah !|Now what ? She doesn 't want to land . She 's shut down . So we 're not there ?
Our ancestors have protected this land ! I 've told the villagers they 'll be okay because we 're here for them ! We promised them !|I think it 's also important to know when to give up . Nagi ! Maybe we should just kick her out ...
Okay , so that 's where I end up .|I always thought maybe I 'd retire , take up watercolors or beekeeping , or something .
The chief would have kicked her out already . It 'll be too late to fix it if something happens . we 'll fail our ancestors . I understand . I 'll think it over . for the sake of everyone here ! I said I would think about it !|Understood .
Understood .|It 's possible the butterfly will leave the village since she has come in contact with you . We need to hurry .
Who 's that ?|Bastard , you 're still pretending
Oh . Oops .|You okay ? This is your own grave . Anyone would be scared . It 's more than that . I 'm a time traveler . I 've probably timetraveled more than anyone else . Meaning ? Meaning my grave is potentially the most dangerous place in the universe .
Oh , Min Ja Yeong that it ? Myeongseong Queen ? The church friend ? you like her , right ?|What like ?
Can you send me to Mido Department Store in front ?|It rains heavyly that day . Min Ja Yeong and me was walking on the street .
That 's enough ! I 'll sell this land !|I 'm only here to capture that woman here .
But I was born in Chungmu . Chungmu ? What is Chungmu famous for ?|Isn 't Chungmu dubbed as the Asian Nafplia ?
Ere we go , just a standard electrocardio restart . She 'll be fine . Are you all right , my love ? Can you hear me ? Her heart is a relatively simple thing . I have not found it to be so .|I see you have repaired your pet . No matter . I was only attracting your attention . I presume I have it . Dr. Simeon . This is not possible . And , yet , here we are , meeting again , so very far from home . But he died . You told me . Simeon died , but the creature that possessed him lived on . I take it I am now talking to the Great Intelligence . Welcome to the final resting place of the cruel tyrant , of the slaughterer of the 10 billion , and the vessel of the final darkness . Welcome ! To the tomb of the Doctor .
No one will ever forgive me for this .|Take revenge .
The water transportation is very convenient . The food are also nice . Oh , Changmu also a place for the Admiral Lee Sun Sin 's ship destruction .|Oh , So Admiral Lee Sun Sin is from Chungmu .
Do you want me to do that again ?|Doctor Who ? Stop ! Ah ! Aah ! Please , stop it . Doctor who ? !
Doctor Who ? Stop ! Ah ! Aah ! Please , stop it . Doctor who ? !|Unhand me , sir . Aaaah ! Aarrgghh ! Leave him alone . Let him be . Don 't worry , sir . I think I 've got him rattled . Doctor !
Oh , So Admiral Lee Sun Sin is from Chungmu .|I respect him so much .
Your hometown is great .|At first I was not aware that the distance from C 'est si bon to Mido Dept . Store is very close .
Ahh ! Ah !|The TARDIS can still hear me . Lucky thing , since him indoors is being so useless . Why did you open the door , sir ? I had them on the run ! I didn 't do it . I didn 't say my name . No , but I did .
That sure stands out .|I 'm Lon the Wanderer . I 'm in the carrier business . You stand out like that .
He 's being rewritten .|Simeon is attacking his entire timeline . He 's dying all at once . The Dalek Asylum , Androzani .
At that moment , I pray inside my heart sincerely|For this time only , please make me play the F Chord well .
Did you say " the Dalek Asylum " ? Now , he 's dying in London , with us !|It is done . It is done . Ah ! Ah ! Ah ! Aah ! Aah ! Aah ! Aaah ! Ah !
Hm ... There 's a town over there where you can earn a quick penny .|There 's a bunch of big windmills so you should be able to spot it instantly . But ... too .
A twin sister of a minute younger than me named Min Se Yeong .|After birth Se Yeong was diagnosed with polio . She can 't even go to school . She just sit at home .
And always , there 's the Doctor . Always , I 'm running to save the Doctor , again and again and again . Oi . And he hardly ever hears me . But I 've always been there ... Doctor . Yes ? What is it ? What do you want ? Right from the very beginning ... Sorry , but you 're about to make a very big mistake don 't steal that one . Steal this one . The navigation system 's knackered , but you 'll have much more fun . Right from the day he started running . Run , you clever boy . And remember me .|It was an unprovoked and violent attack , but that 's no excuse . We are all restored . That 's all that matters now . We are not all restored .
Hey !|Move out the way ! Move !
Move out the way ! Move !|Come on . Stop . Hey .
The Gon are really cool . dumbass .|The truth behind this world . Life and death .
Hyeong Joo and Chang Sik suddenly composed a lot of songs . making people jealous . It is said that those who smoked marijuana are easier to get inspiration .|What if I try ? You must learn to smoke first , bastard !
What if I try ? You must learn to smoke first , bastard !|Chang Hee , didn 't you compose many songs already ? Can I borrow one ?
Doctor ?|Doctor ! Doctor !
Please , please , I don 't know where I am .|Clara .
I can see you .|All your different faces , they 're here . Those are my ghosts , my past ; every good day , every bad day . Aah !
Who are they .. Though I 've heard once before .|Song Chang Sik ...
Help me !  Zack !| Help me !
 Help me !|Well , what do you guys think ? That was the scariest story that you 've ever written . Yeah . I call it " Adventure of the Blob Monster . " It 's awesome . If you ask me , it was lame .
What a bitch . whatever .|Come on ...
I take that bus . Yes . Then farewell Se Yeong .|Se Yeong !
Do you mean it ? Thank you .| " Reader , beware . You 're in for a scare . " Nah !
What ? Who ? Ja Yeong 's twin sister ?|It was just a joke . No way , you really believe ?
 Oh , it 's just you .| Hey , how 's it goin ' ?
It was just a joke . No way , you really believe ?|Then who 's the one I saw just now ? That 's Ja Yeong ! The one that you see is Ja Yeong .
Type . Pretend there 's no storm . Just type .| Alex and Zack were alone ... in the dark house .
You idiot !|Eonni ! Eonni ?
Alka !|Pretty big bounty on this one . 000 gold . Palam 's really serious about this one .
It was something about Alex and Zack . " Alex and Zack were alone in the dark house . " So what ?|So this ! You wrote about the storm , and the storm started .
Eonni ! Eonni ?|You are my eonni , isn 't it ? Eonni ?
No ! Don 't !|No ! Don 't !
I also talk like this because it is you . Toward women , one must always throw a compliment without exception .|Even if it is a lie .
He knocked on the front door .|Happy ?
I wouldn 't mind if Palam disappeared off the map tomorrow .|I agree with you . Drink up .
I agree with you . Drink up .|They don 't understand how we operate . Seriously . Yeah ... Screw Palam . Come with me . We 'll head to my spot .
Even if it is a lie .|You 'll excuse me !
While saying the dialogue you should sound loud . When acting when it should be as natural as talking . Talk !|How many times have I said ?
She just does what she wants .|Hazuki . You changing your port of call ? I 've got a friend with me . A friend ? That 's surprising . Hazuki the loner has a friend ? Shut up ! How about buying me a drink sometime ?
All was quiet . Too quiet .| Check it out . Believe us now , Adam ?
Hazuki . You changing your port of call ? I 've got a friend with me . A friend ? That 's surprising . Hazuki the loner has a friend ? Shut up ! How about buying me a drink sometime ?|You 're not in your usual spot ?
She has a nice personality . I 'd totally fall in love with her . Are there other Palam here ? Hm ?|Here you go . Toku . You 'd better pay today . I know that .
Every day I spend a few hours .|But still not yet skilled .
 It 's coming !|No . It never existed . That 's even better . And Adam 's okay . Whatever ! Just type it ! Hurry !
But still not yet skilled .|Maybe I 'm not so talented .
No .|What I mean is your appearance on the stage .
What I mean is your appearance on the stage .|You watched my show ? Yes , I watch it a few days ago .
Why did you go home without meeting me first ?|I did not receive an invitation from you .
I did not receive an invitation from you .|So the person wandering around the back stage is you ? Actually , at first I don 't like acting .
He 's around here somewhere , find him !|Holy shit !
Holy shit !|Hey , little dude ! Where ya been ? What the hell is going on ? ! You 'll find out soon enough . Loser .
Hey , little dude ! Where ya been ? What the hell is going on ? ! You 'll find out soon enough . Loser .|Told you he 'd be back .
Fine .|Here you go .
She 'll pay the rest . Right ? That 's bad luck for you . I don 't have anything .|We can take whatever you 're carrying .
I had experienced lots of events during the time I 'm active in theater club Gradually , my fantasies about oppa fade away .|Now I 'm really want to learn acting . Because acting is really fun .
I started smoking when performing .|Okay .
You 're also a songwriter ?|Ah , just the rehearsal song . Don 't expect too much .
Wow ! Is this the new song you created just now ? Yes , suddenly appear out of nowhere .|Very good .
Uhhh !|Hey ! Shhhh !
Can I stay like this ? It 's a crime to be broke here . You need to understand what position you 're in . huh ?|Could you leave ?
Very good .|You 're really great ! Ah , not really
Really ?|Hello Todd Smith . So nice to see you again .
I don 't get care about what happens outside of my store . I don 't get involved in it .|I won 't talk to anyone about you .
I won 't talk to anyone about you .|I didn 't run into you . I didn 't see you .
I ...|I like you .
Like that ! You have to dress like that , understand ?|Hey ! bastard ! What the hell is that ? I ? Yes , you bastard ! Women should not wear this , men should be okay , isn 't it .
Hannah ! Come on girls ! I need to fuck or fight ! Since there 's no one to fuck , what do you say commander ? One more battle for old time sake ?|Gather your weapons ! We strike at midnight . Victory ! In your face !
Gather your weapons ! We strike at midnight . Victory ! In your face !|Yeah !
Don 't move .|Get on the ground . Put your hands on the back of your head .
Hannah !|What you 're gonna kill me with a spatula ?
Right behind you .|Sandragon , nah !
Sandragon , nah !|You 're welcome .
You 're welcome .|Alright Femme Batales ! Time to do your thing . Our thing ! Ahhhhh !
You ... Get out of here .|What 's your problem ? You 're still here ? I thought I 'd try my luck one more time . What a pain . I 'll shoot you ! right . How about you get shot yourself ? I told you to keep quiet ! come over here . Let me see that shoulder of yours . Hey . Come over here . wouldn 't it ? You 're annoying . The question 's what 's under that .
Who 's your superior ? eh ?|Why did you get in my way ? !
This is a music appreciation place , bastard !|How can you equate OB 's Cabin with us ?
Damn it . he had a good gun .|So why 'd you come out here ? I was just thinking about you .
President , please raise our salaries .|At OB 's Cabin , an hour is 95 Won . Though we like singing , we still have to eat , right ?
At OB 's Cabin , an hour is 95 Won . Though we like singing , we still have to eat , right ?|Initially the money I received I want to give to Halmeoni  . Why would you give to Halmeoni ? President ... You 're saving money in order to produce our album ? right ?
She 's mine .|My guns are crying over letting her run free .
I think you ...|You want to spend this night with me ?
You want to spend this night with me ?|Oh , no .
Why ?|I just wanted to make sure of your sincerity . To make sure we should sleep together ?
Rules out robbery . It 's not exactly a diamond watch type of neighborhood though , is it ? Well , she didn 't get here willingly . Look at the ligature marks .|The way her makeup 's smeared , I think she 's been crying . Did you get an id , Alexx ? No id , no purse , nothing .
What the hell do you have to offer ?|Nothing . I 've never been anything . I 've never done anything . Unless you count being a thief .
Taking a break ? Yeah , just hanging out . Did you talk to Eric ? No , nothing . He 's really screwing up . Must have a new lady friend . Level three , huh ? so we 're thinking he dumped her over that rail .|Any luck ? Not really . There 's no gated entry , so I figure the guy just drove in , got out , dumped her and left . What about these sealant marks ?
Madam is not at home .|You turned out great .
What was that about ? It means he 's not dead yet .|He 's not dead yet .
Hey !|Tommy ! your girlfriend was so bored , she needed to get kidnapped to get excited ? Nikki liked to push everything and everybody to the limit .
Ooh ...|I miss the office we had last year a little . The practice we had . Clients walking in from off the street .
Ahhh , this one ?|Then , this one ?
Dad , how can you don 't know ? You should already know at the first glance .|Well then , only this one is left .
As you see , that clears us of all liability . Maybe for kidnapping . But not for murder .|Horatio . Yes , sir .
All right .|That green plastic sheeting Alexx found wasn 't from a trash bag . Are you sure about this ?
Finley , yes , in the 15th borough .|Yes , that 's it . Number 9 . Thank you .
Feeling how wonderful the music and classic rhythm that had been hidden in this world are .|Though the only music played now are pop and trot , but I still keep hoping that one day folk music can be a popular music .
How old is she ?|It 's not like that .
You said you was involved in a film production . It turns out that people can change , too . The position has also changed .|Sitting together like this , seemed like just yesterday .
Up until now still can not forget me ?|Everyone is also like that after graduating high school . Asked me to wait until you finish high school ?
Oh , Luis feraud russian sable coat , 20 grand . Who needs a sable coat in florida ? Not her .|Surveillance tape from the day after she bought the coat .
So , I returned a few things . It 's no big deal . It is a big deal if you used the money to kidnap his daughter and have her killed . That is a big deal . I might not have liked Nikki , but she was Hal 's baby . And the only thing between you and his fortune . I don 't want Hal 's money . You want some of it , otherwise you wouldn 't return everything for cash . I 've spent ten years putting the stink of tucworth , alabama behind me , but I still love my family . I 'm , uh , I 'm sorry , I don 't , I don 't get the connection . That 's where the money goes .|My husband supports me , and I support them .
Somebody knew we were there . That 's who killed her . Okay , so , what you 're saying is you went to get the ransom money , and that 's the last time you saw Nikki alive . Swear on my mother . I 'm glad I 'm not her .|Show us your shoes .
Your eyes are really good . My mom said I just appear a moment . And lost in the blink of an eye .|Your role in the weekend drama series is quite big . According to the Head , my acting is pretty good .
It 's always good to know how high your boss rates you .|That 's how you create Soviets !
That 's how you create Soviets !|Oh , my poor friend ! They were brutes ! What with your rheumatism ...
The bottoms .|Okay , that is the epoxy resin from the parking structure where Nikki was tossed .
Oh , yeah . He definitely came in through here . I 'm going to check for prints .|What did you get , Speed ? Not much . Gravel 's a lousy surface for shoe prints .
What did you get , Speed ? Not much . Gravel 's a lousy surface for shoe prints .|Yes , it can be .
Looks like it 's just you and me , Sam . Always a pleasure .|Appears to be some kind of chalk . We found small amounts of it on the side of the building of our kidnapping site . Well ... Let 's see what the I.R. has to say .
" Blessed art thou , my Lord who offer suffering as a divine remedy for our impurities . " Baudelaire . " The flowers of Evil " . Any suffering is better than death , isn 't it , Mr Dubois ?|If you talk , Miss , your friend will have a slight chance of survival . Once and for all , I swear I don 't know anything .
So , Hector , it 's time for let 's make a deal .|I 'm listening .
Herbal tea , nap and boiled pasta ... Here , poor Daddy . At least a sugar cube dripped in coffee . Not even that ! Will you allow me ? Thank you .|Here is a cosmoderus erinaceus , which I 'm very very proud of . Here a costolabrus augustus . I had a hard time with that one : quite a rare breed . Well , you 're not really interested in my augustus , are you ?
We found your DNA on a contact lens . The one you lost while you were assaulting a police officer .|I didn 't know he was a cop . Nice try . We found your prints on his badge .
Clock 's ticking , Hector . Okay .|I saw Rudy nola shoot Arnold vega . I was there .
Geun Tae ...|You are you able to do anything for me ?
Come in , I was waiting for you .|No , I 'm not a ghost , I 'm just poor Vladimir 's brother . My name is Nikita . See ... Nikita Vesnourian . Clock maker .
So , what 's up with the 20 minutes ?|Let 's get to it . You want to talk about it ? No , it 's all right . As a friend ? As a friend , man ... drop it . All right .
On the opposite side of where the victim 's lips were .|Look at the center .
Look at the center .|Guy 's got his lip pierced .
May I help you , Miss ? I come about this doll . It must be faulty .|One moment , please .
Kim Chun Sik . Kim Chun ... Who is Kim Chun Sik ?|You do not know Kim Chun Sik ?
Why you don 't even know the name of the President ?|My name is not President Kim . But Kim Chun Sik , these guys really !
I 'm out of here , man . Then he got scared and left ... afraid of what was coming next . And what was coming next was murder , right ?|Eh , it 's .. it 's funny , I ... I really thought that the kidnapping , rescue thing would be a a real big thrill , but after awhile , it just ... it was boring . You know , ransom notes , rescues .
My name is not President Kim . But Kim Chun Sik , these guys really !|What do you think ?
Your saliva is on it , Tommy , because you kissed Nikki while you were smothering her .|That 's right .
What do you think ?|But the original key is a female voice . Give this to you guys ? I need to hear this a few more times . Lend this to me first . Never ! No way ! It is a gift from my girlfriend .
Radio ? Even more surprising is we will be on this weekend KBS Coyote Engine !|KBS ! KBS Coyote Engine !
There 's nothing here , my dear Dubois .|Psst ! Hey ! Come here !
KBS Coyote Engine ? Although it should be one stage with Jo Yeong Nam Hyeong , but it is still that great for us .|Hello mom ? It 's me ...
Hey , gus , call somebody ! Help !|She 's gone. where 'd she go ? Where 'd she go ?
Keep on not moving .|Drop your gun ! Go there !
Here , to provide support to C 'est si bon , which was inaugurated again , we will introduce our guest of honor . from the film " Journey of the Wind " who rewrote the famous movie script , Welcome ... Director Kang Myeong Chan !|Who have been willing spend some the time out of his busy schedule .
Who have been willing spend some the time out of his busy schedule .|C 'est si bon is not just is a place to appreciate music .
You have to give your words the time , the space Like it happens in dreams .|Destroy them . Try me ... try me ...
The person I love is so swayed by this C 'est si bon .|Compared to her love for me , she loves C 'est si bon more . Because of that I am a little jealous of C 'est si bon .
Compared to her love for me , she loves C 'est si bon more . Because of that I am a little jealous of C 'est si bon .|For she who has always been the leading lady in my films at the place where it became her favorite ...
Well Maria , We 're finding the truth , or at least we 're close .|This is Artaud , the artaudian technique . Areal reaction , that 's what we 're looking for . To find the true ' I' that is what Artaud proposes . Rediscover the side that is connected to pain and suffering . The crime scene must be invoked . From this day on , you should experiment with yourself , so go out on the street , outside , to look for your truth , and tomorrow you 'll go on stage with the experience you live today . Thank you .
You said tomorrow you would be on broadcast .|Whatever that means . Not that important .
Whatever that means . Not that important .|You 're fine , right ?
Point the other way ! Disgusting . I 'm marking territory , do you know what that means ?|I couldn 't hold it any more .
I couldn 't hold it any more .|What , did you loose something ? Should I leave you two alone ?
I don 't think I want to do this here .|How about you just tell me what it is that 's bugging you ?
How should I tell you ?|I hasn 't be that way for a long time . But ...
Hey , did you really feel something ? Did you find something ?|No . I exaggerated . I didn 't want Nicolas to continue strangling me .
No . I exaggerated . I didn 't want Nicolas to continue strangling me .|Something happened to you . I felt it . Artaud was my mother 's favorite writer and she didn 't act .
You don 't have to wait anymore . What ?|He will not come . Geun Tae .
Duo ?|Kim Hyeong ... Isn 't it from the beginning you intends to create a duo for the two , right ?
What would you do if someone you knew was involved in this ?|How involved ? Fingerprint evidence puts them at the scene . is it a cop ?
Oh , you 're so full of it , it 's too much .|I need you to make me jealous . What are you doing ? Why do you have that ?
Huh ? Why there 's no .. ?|That child says he want to go to Seoul to be a singer .
I have cheating hearts ' client records . I haven 't looked at it .|Our victim tested positive for semen . You 're going to need a swab .
Chang Hee , come up here and choose some popular songs ! To release an album there must be at least 10 songs , right ?|Alright .
Last guy got in my car uninvited ended up in the hospital . I think you should see this .|Just so you know , I haven 't told anyone .
First , I thought she was a hooker . Then I figured she was just out having some fun .|Staying here at the hotel ?
Because here , you can check out ... Saint Whine , Saint Coke , Or Saint Ass Ass ! Come here !|Come here , they 're telling you .
Come here , they 're telling you .|Passive , Active , What about you ? Me ? Whatever you want , But no kissing , That 's why I have this . Don 't get your hopes up .
Room 1217 .|I finished my drink . I left her there . I didn 't speak to anyone and I don 't think anyone saw me leave . Now , you need me to sign a statement , or is my word good enough ?
You are Lee Chang Hee , right ?|You 've seen Yoon Joo Hyeong and Song Chang Sik use marijuana , right ? As far as I know they 've never been . You 're keeping a secret because they are your friends ? I 'm not keeping a secret . If you don 't open your mouth , I will throw you into jail ! They told me to try it . I think what they mean is cigarette . Do as I ask , Understand ? Understood .
You 've seen Yoon Joo Hyeong and Song Chang Sik use marijuana , right ? As far as I know they 've never been . You 're keeping a secret because they are your friends ? I 'm not keeping a secret . If you don 't open your mouth , I will throw you into jail ! They told me to try it . I think what they mean is cigarette . Do as I ask , Understand ? Understood .|Marijuana ?
How are we doing on the client list ? Eric 's working on it .|Thank you .
The ass is for shitting , grandpa !|To the virgin , to the virgin ! Hello !
You don 't think he , he did this , do you ? Do you ?|Matthew 's a cheat and a lousy husband , but he 's not a killer .
Angel , come !|Come on !
Come on !|What about my prize ?
Maybe they 're from when I met Cindy in that room . Our first date . You mean the setup , right ? Technically . Your DNA ... matches the semen we found inside Cindy . She and I made love yesterday . Where did that happen , the hotel room ?|No .
Since then , there is no one who cares .|Twin Folio dispersed after a year the group was formed .
From the time we met ... four months ago .|She 'd seen so many guys stray , she 'd given up on love until she met me . Okay , but Matthew , you strayed . You strayed , too .
I can 't|I can 't
Seoul is supposed to be drenched by heavy rain now . In Los Angeles , rain only occurs once or twice in a year . Sometimes the rain has no end ...|Listener , tonight is a beautiful night .
So you are the owner of this restaurant ?|The radio station is also yours .
He was ... Finding his true character .|I like you , Mateo .
What , you ... thought I might be worried about the results , Eric ?|Maybe I screwed her and ... forgot about it , or something ?
Maybe I screwed her and ... forgot about it , or something ?|Me and Melissa .. we 've got issues .
Me and Melissa .. we 've got issues .|Personal issues .
Hyeong Joo is trying to pull me into the church . So I avoid it him .|No , thank you .
No . What ? That ...|I think you like guys , right ? Tell me the truth , do you like them or not ?
Mrs. Warner , when was the last time your husband was here ?|He tries to see the kids at least twice a week . So , you lied to me . He was here more recently than a week ago , wasn 't he ? He sleeps on the couch in the den some nights . What about last night ? No , I never saw him . No , but he was here , wasn 't he ?
Come here ! What ? You 're such a liar , Maria .|You 're very good liar , But you don 't fool me .
How 's Geun Tae ? There is still no news ?|Oh Geun Tae ?
I heard the door to the garage , figured he 'd slept on the couch .|This morning when I came to look , I found it . I didn 't know what to do ...
This morning when I came to look , I found it . I didn 't know what to do ...|So , I hid it .
Oh Geun Tae ?|You 're the closest to him but you don 't even know . You think we know ?
He 's the father of my children , lieutenant . It wasn 't him i was protecting .|It was them . I guess it 's too bad there was nobody there to protect Cindy .
Not there , yours is too big . And yours is too small .|Hey , I love your fourth eye .
The question is how do we prove it ? We need their shoes .|We tested both Bruno and Matthew 's shoes . No trace of salt in either of them .
Eonni , what are you doing here ?|This is my favorite song .
This is my favorite song .|What song is this ?
Okay , okay , here , take the ball .|But take that dog away from me ! Attack him ! Stop , Stop it !
What is it , lieutenant ? These shoes have been in saltwater recently . See , when the water evaporates , it leaves a salty residue . You mind if I take these with me ?|I won 't help you make a case against Matthew . Mrs. Warner , Matthew 's shoe size is about a 9 . Those are about a 7 . So this is no longer about him . This is about you .
I won 't help you make a case against Matthew . Mrs. Warner , Matthew 's shoe size is about a 9 . Those are about a 7 . So this is no longer about him . This is about you .|Then you 'll need a warrant . Please get off my property .
I 've thrown every piece of audio software I have at it . This is as good as it gets . Please don 't hurt ... baby . Please don 't hurt me , baby . It sounds like she 's talking to someone she knows . Not necessarily . Play that again .|Please don 't hurt ... baby . Matthew warner said Cindy wanted to have children , right ?
Please don 't hurt ... baby . Matthew warner said Cindy wanted to have children , right ?|Hold on a second .
You both ended up in the water .|But only you got out .
But only you got out .|Did you know she hung on all night ?
I 've always been .|How are you now ?
Leslie , it 's one thing to lose your husband , but it 's quite another thing to have the new lady in his life end up pregnant , isn 't it ? And that 's ... that 's what pushed you over the edge .|My kids came back from Matthew 's place . You know what she told them ? They 're going to have a new sister or brother .
How are you now ?|I work in a company .
Why did you never contact us ? You need not to be like that to me .|Although there are rumors that say if you 're the one reporting us , but I 'm sure you 're not like that .
Switches to battery when the power goes out .|What 's happening on the screen ?
You like it ? Harder ? With both hands , yes .|I started to like what I was doing , it was nice , I felt comfortable , as if I was happy to be there , as if for a moment , the old man , the old man didn 't even know my name and loved me , well , in another way , and I liked it a lot . I liked being there
Then I jacked him off , thinking that it was him , and then I jacked myself off thinking about his dick , I imagined how he could have ejaculated all over my body . And I liked it , and he shouted , and the old man closed his eyes ...|Fagget , fagget , fagget .
Uh ... I have to go . I have to go . Keep me posted . Yes , of course .|Officer .
There .|Good Angel , good .
Spyware ? It 's perfectly legal . Only way to monitor our employees ' computer usage . Well , maybe that 's why our victim brought in his laptop because he didn 't want anybody knowing what he was doing . I just found this in the laptop bag . It 's a case for a WIFI card . WIFI ? Wireless internet access . You can surf the web by using radio waves , bypassing any monitoring by big brother . We don 't have wireless access here for just that reason . Well , do you have any businesses on the floors above you or below you ? We have the whole building . Tim , what 's the range of WIFI ? Depends on the equipment you 're using .|So someone was using my internet connection without me knowing .
Come on , it wouldn 't have been this hard before . Prostitute .|The truth , Do you want the truth ?
Maria , open the door now .|Who do you think you are ? Who do you think you are ?
Geun Tae ...|Actually now Min Ja Yeong is also in California .
What about him ? Well , whenever he didn 't want to tell me something he couldn 't make eye contact either . So what is going on ?|Well , I 'm , uh , I 'm working on something that I can 't talk about yet , but as soon as I can , I 'll let you know , all right ?
Twenty years ago you at the time of the incident ... the rumors .. the one that report you is your friend is true .|I am the one who reports all of you .
I am the one who reports all of you .|Why ?
Was detective caine involved in a crystal methamphetamine production ring ? What do you have to say about allegations your brother was addicted ?|Doctor says the cause of death was a bullet to the heart .
You can see the virgin from here ...|Yeah , she watches over me from there .
Yeah , she watches over me from there .|Hey , little prince , why didn 't you come with your friend ? Talking about virgins , huh ?
Hey , little prince , why didn 't you come with your friend ? Talking about virgins , huh ?|Do you have a bathroom ?
Raymond .|I 've managed to reconstruct overwritten data to isolate our victim 's activity .
The company that owns it is in the corsair industrial park .|That 's great .
This is all I have left so I have to go buy some more now .|Okay , cool , I 'm coming with you . How are you going to come with me if you don 't even know how to flush the toilet ?
That 's great .|The sorority is , by far , the most successful of our sites . About 70,000 hits a day in 32 countries . What does that translate to in dollars ? 8.5 a year , gross . Does that include your take of the prostitution ? The girls that work for me are not prostitutes .
Right this way .|This is it . A fake house ? Want the tour ?
This is a recording of the broadcast . Now Chang Hee Seonsaengnim is in Sedona .|Really ?
Really ?|Destination is Kimpo , Seoul ?
I 've read the news about you in a magazine .|Yes .
Mr. Tony Excuse me , Mr. Tony , hello .|You came accompanied ? This is Mateo , a friend , future soap opera actor .
Raymond got himself killed .|He had a lot of help , John .
The day before the wedding , you make a cake for me , right ?|How did you know ?
It was surely you .|At that time there was a fellow comrade who do that thing for living . So he helped me .
Is this the meth sample ? Yeah . From Suzie 's car trunk . Pretty normal ingredients for meth , except the pseudoephedrine , um , which is the kind that animal vets use . So we have the cook . How do you figure ? Our suspect works in a pet store .|Hang on a second .
Okay , what is she doing now ?|Just hang on to her . Thanks .
But I don 't have that problem , because I always tell the truth . Even when I lie . I tell the truth|So say goodnight to the bad guy , this is last time you 're going to see a bad guy like this .
So say goodnight to the bad guy , this is last time you 're going to see a bad guy like this .|So make way for the bad guy . Sons of bitches .
So make way for the bad guy . Sons of bitches .|Good !
Good !|Bravo , bravo ...
This is the conditions of your bail . I want you to read all of it . Suzie , what are you doing ? I 'm posting Bob 's bail . Yes , I can see that . Why on earth would you be doing that ? I guess to make up for getting him arrested . Really ? Is that what it is ? It has nothing to do with the condition of your arms right now ? You didn 't get those banging into walls .|What 's going on ? Initial every paragraph .
Sign here . Can you keep him away when he does get released ? Only if you don 't post this bail .|What 's with the bathing suits ? Do you have a pool around here ? Tanning bed . The girls hate tan lines , so the cameras in there tend to be among our most popular . Here 's Amanda 's room .
40 cameras and nothing going on with any of them ? It 's like a slot machine . People hope they 'll click on a camera during an unscheduled event . girls changing clothes , taking a shower , stuff like that .|Aah ! a snake could have scored on that . I used to play with that guy . He sucked then , too . How many , uh , subscribers do you have logged onto the site ? Guy got my draft position when I shattered my knee . That 's too bad . What I asked you was , how many people do you have logged onto the site right now ? 153 . And going up now because Tiffany is about to use the tanning bed . And how do they know she 's going to do that ? She calls it appointment television .
I remembered Chungmu kimbap . At that time the first time I eat Chungmu kimbap .|Now it is sold everywhere . In Seoul too .
Leave , leave ... Where is it ? Pelu , Pelu , Pelusa , Pelusa , come , honey , come ...|You teach me , then . Teach me , huh ? Huh ? Teach me , like in the movies ... how should I do it ? What do I have to do ? Breathe ? Fine , I 'll breathe ...
Oh yes .|Take care of yourself well .
No , but from down there , from there .|Who am I ? Who am I ?
But ...|Do you know whom I met at the airport ? Geun Tae ? so you guys finally meet there ?
Miss Min Ja Yeong ? S|Raising the issue of marijuana 2 years ago . He said that in the original search name list , There is the name of Ms. Min Ja Yeong which at that time is still a new actress .
Raising the issue of marijuana 2 years ago . He said that in the original search name list , There is the name of Ms. Min Ja Yeong which at that time is still a new actress .|You could do anything for me ?
Mateo told me that you finally decided to be a fag .|No , honey . For now I 'm just a fairy , he 's the fag .
You ...|You ... because of me you become like this ?
You ... because of me you become like this ?|For the sake of saving me , you betray all your friends ?
They were a fearless group , they wanted to change things .|They wanted to say what was going on .
Your shoes place you at the murder scene of Stephen bremen . That 's roughtrader 's real name , in case you were wondering . Do you have something that you want to tell me , Amanda ?|Yeah , um ...
For the sake of saving me , you betray all your friends ?|Why did it happen ?
Why did it happen ?|Why did you did it
Why did you did it|Excuse me , ma 'am , you need to settle down .
My mother , played Juliet . I remember it well .|Juliet !
Juliet !|Juliet !
Juliet !|Arrest him and take him away !
Arrest him and take him away !|Arrest him and take him away !
Her name is definitely going to be erased .|Do not worry !
The long lost friend , remains as before .|Although in the age of 70s ...
All right . on the laptop lid we have cyanoacrylate ester . Superglue ? Liquid fell from above , dried where it hit .|And you 're sure it 's not from supergluing the finger prints ? I didn 't use S.G. on this one . What do you think it means to the case ? I 'm working on that . Hey did you get anything on the hard drive ?
Amanda thought she wiped the hard drive , but look what I found ...|Needle in a haystack . Not so bad . These are actually file fragments . So I ran a grave robber on it . What 's a grave robber ? It 's a piece of software that resurrects deleted files , figures out which ones go together and in what order .
Would not you like to be sworn Rita in the talent show ?|Well , okay . You wanted .
Well , okay . You wanted .|A subtitle of mcozeti and Fernando355 .
Okay , here 's the 10 : 00 appointment . And here 's the midnight appointment . Let me run an authentication program .|The one that says 10 : 00 P.M. is a forgery . Pretty transparent . The underlying ip address is different by one digit .
The one that says 10 : 00 P.M. is a forgery . Pretty transparent . The underlying ip address is different by one digit .|So doesn 't that mean that it comes from a different computer but at the same location ? Probably . So the killer 's inside the sorority house .
If only they had been allowed to love each other .|And they say that exile is not death .
Something wrong ?|I 'm selfish .
Do not say anything ! I 'll do it !|I 'll do it .
It was never about a million guys . It was about me .|She knew I was in here watching her . Every time she looked into that camera , flirted , winked ... she was looking at me .
I 'll do it .|Do you know where is the faculty lounge ?
Do you know where is the faculty lounge ?|Hello !
I love you Romeo !|And your body was never found .
She is an anarchist , of course . Good luck against revealing to all .|You can not smoke here .
Are you okay ?|I am now . Thank you .
Mother , I want your tit .|I want your tit .
If you will , Bob , note the gun handle directly in front of me , please .|Come on , man , that could be anyone 's . Yes , it could , but this one happens to have your print on it . Now , the gun barrel to my right shot this bullet into Raymond caine .
Come on , man , that could be anyone 's . Yes , it could , but this one happens to have your print on it . Now , the gun barrel to my right shot this bullet into Raymond caine .|You killed him , Bob . And now I can prove it . He was a degenerate .
You 're a better father than I was .|Kiss her , shit .
I do not think we will see it .|Come on , wife .
Suzie , are you going to be okay ? And I 'm moving into the management program , going to get into advertising for the hotel .|Okay , listen . I want you to take this . It 's for you and Madison .
I 'm Lars . Rosa 's father .|Rosa , with your class .
I 'll pay you back . Don 't worry about it . Thank you . And expect more monthly , all right ?|Will you come around ? When you least expect it .
I 'll still be straight . Suzie , you have no choice . You have to worry about somebody else now . You understand ?|Is this the file ? Will you take it to my desk , please ? All right . You need anything , you call me . And I mean it .
Father TOM Bitten .|I 'm gay .
You may want to see his father ! Niels Padre de Jeppe .|My role is to protect it .
You 're such a whore .|No , stop , stop , Angel , Angel ! Stop !
No , stop , stop , Angel , Angel ! Stop !|What are you trying to get to , man ?
More reason to teach that sex really is . What is sex ? Closeness . Privacy . Love .|Well , I will look for new material . Good .
It 's a lie|So what about a fucking pregnancy , didn 't your mother have you at my age ?
I never really knew what goes on in your head . It seems to have to do with being abused by three mechanics . It 's porn . Ricco also watched . Is different . Always he knew who was Ricco .|Jeppe not even talk to me about .
She was a real actress|Sorry , sorry , sorry
Asshole|Where are you going ?
All right . I will , if it 's so important to you .|Thank you .
This chick is mine .|She 's with you because of me .
I didn 't know you were a race fan . Oh , I 'm not . I like a car just for itself , not for how fast it goes compared to other cars . Are you kidding me ? Racing is one of the only pure sports left . The fastest guy around the track wins . No if , ands or buts . With the exception of Jimmy hutton . He hardly ever wins , but he 's very cute . He 's also missing in action . Really ? What I don 't understand is , I mean , if the guy burns up in the pit nobody 's around to see it ? It 's the methanol . Yeah , it burns clear . It 's invisible flame .|Well , we have two parts of the fire triangle . fuel and oxygen . So , that leaves the heat source . So , who do you think provided the spark ? Anyone in the pit crew . Got six guys , ten seconds .
Go back to the bar And have a drink on me|No marks , son of a bitch , ah !
No marks , son of a bitch , ah !|This chick is staying with the best , not with a pitiful bastard .
Next up , seven qualifying laps for tomorrow 's race .|It 's like I told the detective . Pit stop went just like clockwork in and out , nine point eight . I just , uh , I still can 't believe what happened to that kid . Hey , I 'm the one who hired him six months ago , straight out of MIT .
So , your fuel man was an engineer ? You bet . most of these boys here got advanced degrees . mechanical engineering , aerodynamics . You know , it 's all about , uh , it 's all about squeezing . squeezing that extra bit of performance out of the car . These guys don 't look too broken up about what happened this morning . Like , well , you don 't train , you lose your edge . I mean , a tenth of a second in the pit costs you three places in the race .|Anyhow , look , this is , uh ... this is , this is Chris . I mean ... it 's what he wanted .
Anyhow , look , this is , uh ... this is , this is Chris . I mean ... it 's what he wanted .|It looks like he wasn 't the only one . Win at all costs .
The bread is homemade ? It is home baker ... who delivers . But it 's cool .|And it is made from cereal grown in the island of Cereal ... a small island with the best soil . That makes a difference . It is rich in minerals ... and you can taste the high quality of the cereal .
I lost control .|Mateo got the shit kicked out of him .
And it is made from cereal grown in the island of Cereal ... a small island with the best soil . That makes a difference . It is rich in minerals ... and you can taste the high quality of the cereal .|Lettuce is the fjords . Knows the area , right ? Yes , of course . Well , I 'll take one , then . According .
What are you doing ?|Nothing .
I don 't know , I guess .|And where did you go ?
Your drivers ? Just look for the most beautiful women .|Why do you need to see my shoes ? It 's just to exclude you from the investigation . Or to include me . No , in all honesty , Paolo , we 're asking all of the drivers .
Student ROSA Rita . Write ' posh ' or ' shit ' . He writes : " Rita is an idiot . "|I do not want .
Thank you .|I liked the exercise , but Mateo , I don 't understand your character , who is he ? A dealer , a priest , a gay man ? I really don 't know what you want to do . The truth is , I haven 't got a fucking idea who I am .
We 'll follow it . Find me , Speed .|Okay , so the gloves were treated . The question is how 'd they 'd ignite ?
I agree with Rita .|We must not let our biases control us . Thanks , Helle .
You should fill your life with exciting things . Travel , work , education ... All that kind of stuff . Is there anything in particular you want to do ?|When I was your age , I wanted to open my own florist . I always regretted not having done so . I was thinking ... it is nonsense . Become a nurse or something . But you need a degree for that , so it will not be possible .
When I was your age , I wanted to open my own florist . I always regretted not having done so . I was thinking ... it is nonsense . Become a nurse or something . But you need a degree for that , so it will not be possible .|You just need a diploma .
You just need a diploma .|What happens between you and Dad ? Why not talk ?
Well , this is my son Mateo . Mateo is an actor , as you all know , right ?|This is a rehearsal . Relax , everyone here knows already .
Well , if your mother is upset with me , you have a right to be .|Well , one of my children are here . Brings to light gasoline , okay ?
Leave it there .|Someone poked me gum . The we manage .
Have you gone mad ? No , man , I just want to know . Or for you to at least say you 're sorry for what you did . Why didn 't you save her ?|Do you want to know the truth ?
Then your career would have been over . So it was time for him to go . So , you treated his gloves . then doused a little sulfuric acid on qualifying day .|Then once the fire started , you made sure it wouldn 't stop .
You 're mother is alive , did you hear ? She 's not disappeared , she 's alive and she left with a fucking actor , with a Romeo . She abandoned you ...|She abandoned you and she abandoned me . She abandoned you . You don 't believe me ? Ask that professor . You don 't believe me ? Ask that professor .
I have just one question for you , Ron .|Why would an old school , competitive guy like you choose to lose ? Why ?
Where 's Dante ?|No , he 's not .
She did not take it seriously . His class is more important .|Well , you can always come to me . And I will always take it seriously .
Charles , I thought you knew . Charles , the team had nothing to do with this .|We have an agreement in place . I know . I 'm sure this is just a bump in the road .
Let her go , come on ! This isn 't for real , my love , this is theater .|It 's theater , Mateo , look . Look ! This is theater .
It 's theater , Mateo , look . Look ! This is theater .|They took them into a room , to the artist 's officer , The culture one .
Good .|Rita . Wait .
I think we can close this unfortunate event . We have a confession , and Rene had been warned ... I see no other way out definitively expelled .|What a dump !
I did not know they were going to expel .|What was it that suddenly you become so stupid ?
Guys get no impact marks on his knees or shins . So God exhales and everything goes sideways , huh ? Wind picked up on the street slammed him to the car .|Man hits car . There 's your story . Let 's be thorough on this , Alexx , okay ? Hard to tell which got him first.The hurricane or the car . Yes , that 's our job sort that out isn 't it ?
What 's your name , partner ?|Martin . Do you mind if I call you Marty ?
Have a good trip .|Thank you .
Yes . No one inside .|He 's got a wife . Let 's find her , alright ? I 'll check the shelters .
Have you ever been to one of these shows before ? I can 't say that I have . Then perhaps I should warn you about this first scene . What first scene ?|When the carriage crosses the swollen river .
The wind was horizontal . this was perpendicular .|As he fell from the roof ... Marty could 've been up on a ladder .
That leaves a category in the chart . Can anyone tell me what it is ?|Somebody ?
Suddenly the earth rumbled . It was an avalanche ! Avalanche ?|Are you sure you want to see the rest of the show ? What can happen that is worse ? Suddenly the lovers in their carriage are attacked by bandits . thunder rolled overhead ...  no .
Least you weren 't lying about the windows . Biggest mistake people make in a hurricane is to leave their windows exposed . One gets broken ... wind gets in , pressure increases , blows out the other windows .|I 'm surprised your roof didn 't come off .
I guess I just have to live there where you want .|Hi dear .
 Psst . Linus . I made it especially for you . thanks .|What happened ? He forgot to give me my box of candy . I 'll get him later with a big smooch .
Call me when you 're in a position to behave .|It 's like being a teenager . I needed it . Getting high . Raise girls .
Here . One for Monty . Where 's Monty ?|One for Sally and one for Frieda . SCHROEDER : One for Lee and one for Joanne . Joanne Lansing . Where is she ?
Mrs. Medesto ... my name 's Horatio caine .|You were with my husband . I was . Did Martin suffer ?
Well ... it will not happen . Mom took it .|Than ?
Grandma ? Grandma !|Grandma !
Think he opened fire from the yard ? No . I 've got another suspect in mind . Who ? I 'll tell you when I 'm sure . Will you help me collect these ? I already got a collection .|Female . Cleans up after herself . Collected her own spent bullets . Tidy gun owner .
Aren 't you afraid of what the kids at school might say about that blanket ? Do you have a nickel ?|Flip it into the air .
Flip it into the air .|They don 't say very much .
Wait a second .|Hey , take a look at that . See that right there ? That is blood . Hang on to that , will you ? The victim only hit the windshield .
He sprayed it on the surf board , and .. it transferred onto his body .|Then the wizard of oz touched down .
Those kids look like they 're having a lot of fun . I wish they liked me . Nobody likes me .|The PTA did a good job painting these benches . I 'd give anything in the world if that little girl with the red hair would come over and sit with me .
Pretty faces make me nervous . How come my face doesn 't make you nervous ? I notice you can talk to me . I have a pretty face . How come you can talk to me ? Wasn 't I the Christmas Queen ? You haven 't answered . stupid . stupid . were you dumb in school today . You 've been dumb before but today you were really dumb .|The teacher asked him why they have so much rain in Oregon . " Because they have a lot of clouds .
Still .|Lower your voice .
Lower your voice .|Janne is at a seminar , so I will be his alternate language .
Yes , the girl in green . Rebecca and I and Sille , are the princesses . and we know Katy Perry Barbie and have a big party . And that 's his fairy tale ? Yes . No , we also find Justin Bieber . Good .|We have a gentlemen 's club and no girls allowed . Well , let 's start from the beginning and see how they are stories . Tell me what happens in the stories you know .
I 'm glad to see you practicing so hard . It 's a sign that you really think about the future . Schroeder ? And you became a famous concert pianist . And what if we traveled all over the world while you performed with great orchestras in foreign lands ? right at the height of your career you broke both your arms while skiing and could never play the piano again ? And I had to go to work in a laundry to support both of us . Wouldn 't that be romantic ?|Musicians play a lot of love songs but they really aren 't very romantic .
Hi , guys . Bye , guys . Hey , Calleigh . I , uh , heard you busted the stereo man . Hey . I heard you found out who the car crash victim really is . Yup . He was a bad guy . You know maybe not all bad . I think the mob would disagree about 1.5 million times . But you know what I was thinking ? If he hadn 't have stolen from the mob , then he never would have become a beach bum in florida , and then he never would have gotten picked up by the hurricane , and if he hadn 't have gotten picked up by the hurricane , he never would have hit Burton 's car , and if it wasn 't for hitting Burton 's car , Burton would 've gotten away with murder .|Leave it to you , Calleigh , to find something good to come out of a hurricane . They do alleviate global warming .
I think you are right .|Listbeth , I 'm fine . You go home .
Julia , I 'll be right with you .|Excuse me .
I think that would be nice . Good .|Good .
You gotta remember that sometimes you have to tap the lock on the bottom to make it open . Some of these locks are kind of touchy . You have to make sure that you dial the numbers just right . I had one once that I had to hit on the bottom before it would open . that 's why . forget that stupid locker . I 've got something more important that I need your help with right now .|I volunteer to be first .
So I 'll see you later .|Yeah . Okay .
Yeah . Okay .|Yeah . Thank you .
I remember something superficial and childish , but ... " It was long ago , Rita . Forget it . " If you know what I say , you can talk alone .|So Jette is waiting at home with dinner ?
Student body president ?|Charlie Brown . You 'd make a great student body president . Me ? Nobody would ever vote for me .
I would .|What 's going on here ? What are you guys talking about ?
So we 've got a survivor .|Ricky ? Ricky , my name 's Horatio Caine . How you feeling ?
Like I just got shot .|Now , listen , anything you can tell me about the man who did this might help me catch him . What do you remember ?
Clean and cut .|Well ... rather ...
I do not know . It remains to the end .|No running in the hall . They know very well .
No running in the hall . They know very well .|No running in the hall . They know very well .
But I was hit twice .|Well , you know what happens sometimes , trauma can affect our perception of the situation , and the bad guys come to count on that .
LARS Padre de Rosa .|So I thought ... how about going for dinner on Friday ?
On Friday I can not . RASMUS Director .|That provoke in people . They hate you a little ... and then they love you a little more . Father TOM Bitten .
It 's depressing to think that there are students who don 't believe in the Great Pumpkin .|It 's hard being a campaign worker . We 're completely at the mercy of our candidate . We do all the work and the candidate gets all the credit . We ring doorbells and make the posters and build up the candidate 's image and then he says something stupid and ruins everything we 've done . it 's gonna be for myself .
We 've got some smudges .|Maybe a partial . It 's a tough ask .
Linus .|One for Linus .
Linus .|One for Russell . Linus .
ROSA IS EATING a friend . SEE YOU ? LARS .|This is great .
Linus will lower the boom . He should make today a school holiday . sir . sir .|I hope you told him . not really . he told me .
A little scum could break the whole case .|Hi . Hi back . Hey ... I found this in my car . Oh . Thanks . Think it fell off when we were ... yeah .
Rosa says you 're having an affair with his father ... which led to divorce her mother . That 's true ? And .|Mentiste me .
My God . She really is green . Or is it more blue ?|Green . Mary says green . I 'd have said blue . Green ? Green . And she 's dressed in a sexy , pretend police lady 's outfit . Oh , my God ! She is .  What does the fact that she 's dressed like that tell you , Kevin ? That she was ... Going to a fancy dress party . Ah , with someone who liked her to dress up as a sexy , pretend police lady ! Well done ! Yes . A lover . Or a rival . I 'd have said a lover . Or she were going to a fancy dress party . Do we know who she is ? Not yet . If you look here carefully here , you 'll see what looks like a phone number .
Mentiste me .|And . And you used me .
And .|Having a relationship ... the parent of a student from school is something ... that neither I nor the board can accept . You you 've not said to the council .
Does this phone number mean anything to you at all ?|It 's my mobile number . A woman was found dead yesterday , she had that phone number written on one of her hands . Have you given your number to anyone recently ? Somebody who you may have seen writing it down on their hand . Oh , my God . Sit down love . Go on . Mrs Bishop . She works at the school up here . Where our three go . How well did you know her ? I didn 't . She 's just one of the teaching assistants . I gave her my number three weeks ago . Three weeks ago ?
Alexx , what about Justin over here ? Let 's take a look at him .|Found traces of cocaine in Justin 's nasal passage . More in his system . Bullet entered the left cheek on an upward trajectory , lodged into the frontal lobe . He died of exanguination .
I 'm going to need an address and any phone numbers she had , and her emergency contacts .|She erm ... She has a grownup son . That 's as much as I know .
She erm ... She has a grownup son . That 's as much as I know .|She was divorced years ago .
Found traces of cocaine in Justin 's nasal passage . More in his system . Bullet entered the left cheek on an upward trajectory , lodged into the frontal lobe . He died of exanguination .|Take a look at these , Alexx .
Take a look at these , Alexx .|His knuckles are bruid and scraped .
Ricco . Ricco ! Is your mother on the phone .|I 'm glad you came . Please sit down .
Consider gifts .|Hello .
Did she have a boyfriend ? There were never any shortage of boyfriends . Recent ? One in particular ? I didn 't have a lot to do with her to be honest . I lived with my dad after they got divorced , so ...|Do you have a key to your mother 's house ? So that we don 't have to damage the door ?
And Ricco has pierced ears many times , so ...|I 've been in love . Not with the boy ... that was my boyfriend . I chose the wrong . And you chose the correct ... albeit an uneven pair .
What 's that ? What ? Dom doesn 't drink .|You gonna let her get away with that ?
That 's cute .|.22 revolver .. just like the rounds we found in our victims .
Is this urgent , detective ?|It can wait .
You could 've passed better , and yet ...|Still chose me .
Still chose me .|Anyway , I got a changer .
I will be a grandfather .|And you 're going to be a grandmother .
That 's interesting .|The indent matches the business end of the screwdriver . And there isn 't a drop of blood on it .
You sent Susie four text messages on the day she was last seen alive . Obviously any contact she had with anyone on that day is of interest to us .|Thanks .
Thanks .|Janet . That headmaster , Ricky Glendinning ? He 's been brought in , but he 's asking if he can talk to the lady he spoke to yesterday . Would you mind ? Both of us were there . I think he meant you . Yeah , cos I 'm not a lady . If the cap fits .
Calleigh , we 're CSIs . I mean , if we can 't figure something going on between two people , then ... did he really ask you not to look at the seat belt ?|Hey , John .
She ...|I didn 't hurt her . I didn 't have anything to do with what 's happened to her . I do want to make that clear to you . But ... I 'd had to give her a warning , a written warning , after a number of verbal ones . To do with her occasional lapses ... in attitude towards people ... colleagues , children , parents .
All this while you were planning this ? Why ?|Because you 're not a hero .
And so I sent her that text .|Saying ? That she 'd regret it . If she did say anything to Carol .
Saying ? That she 'd regret it . If she did say anything to Carol .|I 'd been seeing her again , Susie , God knows why .
Thank you . I 'll hold .|Didn 't the state 's attorney explain this to you ? 'Cause information like this is supposed to come out of his office . Well , yes , he did , but yeah , I 'd like to hear it from you .
You have feelings for me , Jessica . If you didn 't , I 'd be dead . There are worse things than death . Don 't be melodramatic . Like being the slave to a sociopathic killer . I 've never killed anyone .|Can you say the same ?
Well , I shouldn 't have rejected that deal they were offering .|I just buried my client .
No . Hey , daddy , you 're doing a great job , and you 're a good man . Don 't ever start thinking that you 're not .|Do you want to go have some dinner ? No ... don 't start worrying about me now . I .. I 'm not going to do something stupid , drown my sorrows , you know . I love your mama too much for that .
You 'll be commended as well , of course . I know how instrumental you were in persuading her and supporting her .|I really am supposed to be somewhere else . Sure . Well congratulations , anyway . Thank you .
I just need a little bit of alone time . Contemplate things .|See you .
I 'm fine . You sure ? Yeah .|Okay .
Ahh !|Forgot to mention ... the water in your room is a conductor to an open wire .
So , Aaron lines up on Ricky 's shoulder ... pick a shoulder . You got to have a favorite . Left or right ? Pick a shoulder . You don 't have to do this . Just one shot . One shot . The gun misfires and it 's the sympathetic projectile that hits him in the chest .|No ! yaah !
Reva knew about this , didn 't she ? And that 's why you wanted her dead .|I never touched that woman .
You killed for this video , and you never thought to look for the other kids ?|Afraid of the competition ? You 're a better sleuth than that . They were all in different labs . I was too busy looking for my own sadistic parents to care about strange children . Maybe you killed them all .
Afraid of the competition ? You 're a better sleuth than that . They were all in different labs . I was too busy looking for my own sadistic parents to care about strange children . Maybe you killed them all .|Help me ! I 'm being held captive by a mad ...
You were in my office less than four hours ago . Gill . Shhhh . I 've just had to leave a briefing on a murder because of this . Do you know how bad that is ? Not for me ...|Not for me , not for my career . That was very cruel . This afternoon . What you said . Dave , if I wanted to be cruel , I haven 't even started . I do not rely on people beneath me to make me look good .
Anything ! What the hell is the matter with you ?|No . No ! whoa .
You set me up .|You need to see this through with me . God damn it . Don 't look at him , don 't talk to him , and don 't listen to him . Or he 'll mind control me . No , because he 's an asshole . His powers don 't work through a mic , so you 'd have to go in the room . Don 't do that , either .
We had really good sex . Dave , I want you to leave . You were better than her . If you get in the car , I 'll drive you to your mother 's .|I 'm not going to my mother 's . Well , you 're not stopping here . Spare room . No .
I 'm not going to my mother 's . Well , you 're not stopping here . Spare room . No .|You 're my wife . This is my house . No , love . We 're divorced . And I got the house .
Night night . Night night .|Do you wanna go for a drink ? No . Andy . I don 't . I 'd like to talk about things . I really really don 't . You 've blown hot and cold . I 'm sorry if that 's how it looks You 've had me on , And then to accuse me of being weird , just because I pay a visit to your house . Well , it was weird .
And you call me the heartless one . Wendy , I 'm sorry , I take that back . I know we can agree on a number ...|Wendy ?
Hey . I 'm not really up for any conversation right now . Listen , I found your dad in a bar on 14th street .|I 'm sorry . I 'll get him in my car .
Wendy ... is it ? Sorry , I was reading your lips . Could be Randy , but I think not .|Threatening to expose you ? Sounds hideous . Jessica tell you that ? Hardly . Jessica doesn 't let anyone in . I bet she hasn 't told you that she moved in with me three days ago .
Hang on a second .|Son , you really should consider speaking to the prosecutor . He might be able to cut you a deal . I 've got nothing to deal .
More than I know about you . You know her version of events . No one 's even heard mine . As a lawyer , you must know that the reality lies somewhere in the middle .|You are clearly a smart woman . You know that if I did have ...
You 're not gonna get him .|My family 's gonna pay for the best legal defense you 've ever come up against .
How would you respond to that , Rob ? Hmm ?|If I was to suggest that you weren 't in Bridlington that night .
" abilities , " they wouldn 't be inherently bad .|Just imagine what someone like that could do . His powers of persuasion could right any wrong .
Just imagine what someone like that could do . His powers of persuasion could right any wrong .|Make any stubborn problem ... disappear .
Can you tell me what you knew about what Rob had done to Susie ?|He 'd had things to put up with .
If I was a 5 years old child where would I hide ? Hang on .|Hi .
It 's the only way .|Let it go .
His mother made him , cos she were pregnant with Gavin .|Why would you do that to your own son ?
Who took her ?|Who took her sister ?
Blood ?|He attacked her on her own bed ? You know I 'm not entirely sure that this is from the attack . It 's concentrated in the middle third of the bed I found clotting and ... plus , she was 14 . I think it 's entirely possible this is menstrual blood .
He attacked her on her own bed ? You know I 'm not entirely sure that this is from the attack . It 's concentrated in the middle third of the bed I found clotting and ... plus , she was 14 . I think it 's entirely possible this is menstrual blood .|Take a look at this . You got something ?
I remember how you like to be touched .|It 's bad enough to shock me . You have to toy with my emotions ?
It 's bad enough to shock me . You have to toy with my emotions ?|You can have it ... but I want you to beg for it .
If that was foreplay , I 'm all in . Then do something about it .|Unless you can 't compel yourself to get it up .
Sweetest lad , only he didn 't know how to say boo to a goose .|Why did Rob kill Susie , Fran ?
She was expecting him at 9 : 30 .|I was on a late one from work , well , supposed to be .
Crystal ?|Everything okay ? Ah , yeah .
Get anything ? Always do . They 're like cockroaches . 15 in a 10 block radius . 15 registered sex offenders in 10 blocks how was that possible ? Who 's the candidate ? You 're looking at him .|We have a winner .
She is going to kill him .|No , she won 't . She 's holding back . Come on , you cowardly piece of shit !
Then I couldn 't stand looking at her . So I put a bag over her head .|I think it was a bread bag . Empty .
This isn 't you , Jess . We were happy . Whatever you think I did to hurt you , I 'm sorry .|What 's the matter with you people ? You 're just gonna let this happen ? He is powerless . He 's playing us .
And I dragged her down to the cellar . I went home , told him we were going to the caravan that night . He tried to make some excuse about why we couldn 't go till tomorrow .|So I told him what I 'd done .
Think you better get over here .|I 'll call emergency services . Tell them to call off the search teams . On the contrary , double the teams she may still be alive .
We 're just getting started . Knock and talk 's turned up a witness down the street from the Walker 's house . Oh , what did they have to say ? They heard a car tear out of there after midnight . They get the make and model ? Ah , they actually didn 't see anything . Oh , well , I know I don 't have to tell you but , if they can 't ID the car . No , I got it on tape . They 're making a video .|At midnight ?
At midnight ?|It was a personal video .
Feels good , doesn 't it ?|Being in control .
He didn 't have to tell me to do a goddamn thing and he had all the control .|Got to admire his commitment .
Right . Pudding ? I need the loo . OK , it 's just down there , on the left . Do you want me to take you ? Nope . So , what do you think ? It 's like talking to a chimpanzee . I know ! He 's great , isn 't he ? Do you want the real answer or the diplomatic one ? I 'm going to go for a fag .|Sorry . Pestering you . Sunday . Don 't be sorry . I should be happy . I know . You 're right .
Yeah , car bottomed out . Well , either way , he might have left some transfer .|It 's an undercarriage scrape .
And the worst thing ...|All my life , I wanted to do this job .
All my life , I wanted to do this job .|And now it just suddenly it feels like ...
And now it just suddenly it feels like ...|Like what ? When I need support , the whole system lets me down ! They should 've nailed that bastard for what he tried to do to me ! They should 've crucified him ! I 'm a police officer !
An explosion .|Simpson 's in the hospital .
Be a big boy for Mummy and Daddy .|He 'll be all right . He 's too stubborn to die .
He 'll be all right . He 's too stubborn to die .|There 'll be an investigation .
Go ahead .|Thank you .
Maybe a link to prove Kilgrave 's guilt .|He doesn 't leave fingerprints , ever . He spent his whole life avoiding cameras , except that one .
Who does that to their own child ?|No one gets under a person 's skin like their parents .
Yeah . How do you know that ? Excessive blinking from dry eyes you can 't see the color purple , can you ?|You 're going to arrest me for that , too ? I wish I could , Art , I wish I could . Cut him loose .
No one can stop you . That is the Jeri I fell in love with .|The one who knows what she wants and takes it .
Last week , you tell me you 've got a kid . This week , you 've got ... a message from my mum .|Exciting , isn 't it , being with me ?
Until then ...|I don 't like ultimatums .
The camera never sees their faces .|Look for background details . We need a location .
But she 's got typical tennis parents . They all think their little girls can be the next Serena or Venus . But you stayed in touch . Did you ? She called me .|You got nothing . Try statutory rape .
He thought it 'd be good for you . My mum has never been good for me .|He 's got your interests at heart , even if he didn 't get this one right .
After all of this , you 're telling me to lie ?|The DA wants an answer by the morning .
Oh , have a laugh .|Swing from the chandeliers .
Swing from the chandeliers .|Exorcise Nick Savage .
Now I hear you guys some sort of a reptile situation . Yeah , more like a needle in the haystack . We are ... we are looking for the gator that belongs to this .|Well , I could tell you this you 're not gonna find him . Look at the shape of this tooth . See that ? It 's conical , it has those ridges ... alligators don 't have teeth like this . There is only one animal that has this tooth . And that 's the american crocodile . Not the alligator . Oh , okay , I thought crocodiles were only down in the keys . Well , they are down in the keys . But in fact they 've been migrating up and today we have about 3,000 of them living around the southern part of Florida Ah . Like you said , needle in a haystack . Well , not really you see , they 're all pretty much living at the nuclear power plant . Really ? Because of the heat , right ? Exactly , it 's kind of like their own privately heated swimming pool . Okay , how many of them hanging out there , you think ? That 's the beauty of it . All 3,000 of them .
Well , I could tell you this you 're not gonna find him . Look at the shape of this tooth . See that ? It 's conical , it has those ridges ... alligators don 't have teeth like this . There is only one animal that has this tooth . And that 's the american crocodile . Not the alligator . Oh , okay , I thought crocodiles were only down in the keys . Well , they are down in the keys . But in fact they 've been migrating up and today we have about 3,000 of them living around the southern part of Florida Ah . Like you said , needle in a haystack . Well , not really you see , they 're all pretty much living at the nuclear power plant . Really ? Because of the heat , right ? Exactly , it 's kind of like their own privately heated swimming pool . Okay , how many of them hanging out there , you think ? That 's the beauty of it . All 3,000 of them .|Mr. Pickering .
I was the wrong guy this morning I 'm the still the wrong guy this afternoon . Yes , you mentioned that . Do you know anybody named David Kendall ?|He 's a pro at the club . I 've seen him around . Did you ever give him a ride in your pretty red car ? No , no . Never .
You have a way out of an impossible situation . You 're too young to know how rare that is , so take my word for it .|The real world is not about happy endings . It 's about taking the life you have , and fighting like hell to keep it .
Gill says to meet her at the scene before you go . That 's where you 're going . Gangland . Do you want me to go ? No , I want Lee to go with her .|What would you like me to do ? I haven 't decided yet . Well , I await my fate . Drive safely , Rache .
Disclosure . What about it ?|That 's what I 'd like you to do . For the whole investigation ? It 's a vital role . But I 'll be wasted . It 's not whether they did it or not that gets the conviction , Janet , it 's did we serve the right papers .
I don 't want to die in here .|I 've made my decision . I just thought that you should know . I 've got him , Hope .
It is my Leon .|It is .
It is .|He was a good boy .
Kilgrave is my prisoner .|What do you mean ? I mean , I pumped him full of drugs and I dumped him in a cage . We are so close to having the proof we need for reasonable doubt . Hope ... do not let him off the hook for what he did to you .
I understand if this is too soon for you , Mrs Filbey , but ... we 'd like to ask permission to search your home , to see if there 's anything there that 'll help us understand what happened to Leon .|I will just have to trust you .
Senor David . Yes , yes , he gave her free lessons . He was very generous to her , to all of us . He even drove us in his car looking for For her when she ... Desaparecida .|Did she own a sweatshirt with purple lettering on it ? She was wearing it the last time we saw her .
Thank you .|Don 't give me that look . I 'm getting her out of there .
Well , speak at will . No one 's controlling this .|I think I 'll just listen for a while .
How about you ?|Betty just listens , like you , and that 's okay .
Well , yeah . But that would also be highly unusual .|You see , these girls are on the fringes of gang life . They 're not central .
They enable . They hide guns , they hide drugs .|You get girl gangs , sure you do , but this is not girl gang turf . This is Belmonts vs YCCs .
Stomach acid 's done its damage . But tennis shoe and adolescent bone . I 'd put money this is our girl .|Purple fibers . Thinking passive transfer .
Sorry . I 've got to go .|Where are you going ? Hey ! Leave that poor woman alone . That poor woman is Kilgrave 's mother .
No offence . None taken . My eyes are green .|I 'm just mad we couldn 't save her ...
He knows he can be ruled out cos he was banged up , but he 's adamant Leon Foster 's murder has nothing to do with the YCCs .|Never known Lewis Cole talk . That 's interesting . His mother 's door has just been shot at .
Yeah .|You wanna your grip to be firm but supple ... All right .
Firm but supple .|You got a real racquet going here don 't you Dave ?
Racquet . Never heard that before Listen I don 't want to rain on your parade how does child abduction sound to you ? Lana loves me . There 's no abduction involved . Is that right ? I 'm talking about Consuela Valdez . Sound familiar ?|Your strings are tightening on that one , huh ? Look , I helped look for Consuela . Yes , you did . Yes , you did . And you transferred .
Mum . So young . She looks ... Looks like you . No , she doesn 't .|What was that , then ?
Your strings are tightening on that one , huh ? Look , I helped look for Consuela . Yes , you did . Yes , you did . And you transferred .|You transferred fibers from her sweatshirt into Lana 's bedroom .
Some kind of binding around the ankle .|Someone tied her up .
And two weeks before Mum walked out on us . So when she 's stood there , smiling , she must have known .|Oh , look .
Oh , look .|If you wore that now , you 'd get battered .
Someone tied her up .|Restrained her .
Two weeks before she buggered off with her fancy man . My God , Rache , she doesn 't half look like you . She doesn 't just look like me , Janet Scott of Scotland Yard , she is me . She 's 32 .|Well , that 's ... you know , pretty ... you know , it 's a pretty big ...
I know you won 't do it . I 'm not like you . It 's a good thing . Now , you get out of there . Get out of town . Jessica 's an idiot if she thinks she can keep him locked up .|Trish ...
I 'm glad you 'll be okay .|Trish .
Gwynneth , Nigella , Rhianna , Adele . What are you doing ? Counting my babymothers .|Chantelle Deen ? Yeah .
Trish .|Trish !
Tell Lana how you killed Consuela . You don 't have the guts , do you ?|Lana .
Hands above your head .|I see you got my evidence . Oh , yeah . You convinced me you are one sick lady .
You know David ? That 's the first good decision I 've seen you make .|Get rid of him .
It was crazy . I was walking back from school .|It was raining , and my bag was really heavy . And Leon drives by and stops and asks me if I want a ride home . So , I go , ' OK , thank you , that would be a relief , actually , ' and then five minutes later we get stopped .
I don 't . I know .|Can you name the other two people in the car ? No . But you were friends with Leon ?
Based on the life cycle live these blowflies . She 's been here over 72 hours . 72 hours . So she 's been here since monday .|The corneas aren 't clouded . Beautiful green eyes .
Can you explain it ?|It 's two worlds . The kids who get out , like I did , the kids who are going to get out , like Daysha , those kids go to school , keep clean . And there 's the kids who get lost and go the other way , like Leon did .
Has Leon got any other children ? He 's got an older kid , but the mum moved south . And is there anyone else at all that you know of ?|A constant stream of girls , as far as I can see .
Okay . Alexx , wait a second . Shouldn 't those be clouded ?|Liver temper  gives a closer TOD .
Or when I was scared . I was all alone , Mum .|I had to make people feed me and shelter me and care for me . That 's how I learned to survive . Bollocks , Kevin . You always knew how to give orders . Telling us when to eat , when to sleep , when to piss . No , Albert .
Can I ask you something ? Confidentially .|Have you ever heard any suggestions about Leon having relationships with men ?
No way .|OK .
OK .|I 've a caller with sensitive information . Wants a female officer . Everyone 's out . Put it through . Thanks .
I 'll get this to our entomologist . Get us a time line .|This ? was delivered four days ago . And the spatter indicates that it was delivered prior to the attack
We love you . Then why did you leave ?|Your mother nearly died after what you did to her ! I was ten ! I had a tantrum , like a normal child . I didn 't know what I was doing . You didn 't explain to me , you just left !
Oh .|I 'm sorry I hurt you , Mum . Oh .
Release me now and I 'll overlook the assault . We 'll call it resisting arrest . It 's not over yet . I 'm sorry , Kevin .|I am so sorry .
I 'm so sorry .|Get them out now !
Get them out now !|Not yet .
So 2 by 4 construction site .|It 's a weapon of oppourtunity . So prior rape victim goes to a deserted construction site is beaten and left for dead . There 's no evidence that she was taken in here against her will . I think she had to have come with someone she trusted .
That garden centre by the roundabout . It 's got a tea room .|You 're ridiculous . Goodbye .
Because ?|I don 't want my brother to know .
No . Stay there , Dad .|Take note .
Let go of me , Jessica .|Get her off me , Detective !
The girl also said that Reno had a knife .|He didn 't use it . It was just to make sure I did what they said .
There 's only one target !|We will exterminate it and make this mankind 's first outside base !
I know what happened . A nice girl looked for excitement and got out of her depth .|The thing is , everyone in that room apart from me thought it was OK .
Split into fives ! Remember your training !|We 'll distract the target ! prepare to move up !
Yeah , but if Calleigh hadn 't covered . It 's up to me . I mean she might have a died|Guess it was .. Good thing it wasn 't up to you .
Guess it was .. Good thing it wasn 't up to you .|Anyway , what do you want me to say . Everyday it 's like a suprise party with you .
We 'll close in on it from the sides !|Have a taste of mankind 's strength !
Eh , Pete ! Interstitial cheese and pickle .|I don 't know why people say you 're thick .
I don 't know why people say you 're thick .|You 're ignoring me because it suits you . You did wrong and you feel guilty . You did not keep me in the loop which you are supposed to do . Given that I got some important information and I 'm not on disclosure any more , it all seems by the by . It is not fucking by the by ! Yes it is ! You have to do as I say ! No , I don 't . I 'll tell you what you have to do . You have to BACK OFF ! I 'm sick of it ! Well , you were all over it till you were sick of it . You treated me like shit ! Andy . Janet .
So is Calleigh mad at you ? I don 't know , I can 't tell . Well , she 's probably mad at you .|Hi , Got a bad guy in there ? Maybe . Do you ever knock ?
Hi , Got a bad guy in there ? Maybe . Do you ever knock ?|You don 't like guys who knock .
They 've got to recover from that .|They 've got to take orders from you tomorrow .
We should head back .|Why are you here ?
What was I dreaming about ?|I can 't remember ... Why are you crying ?
Is Mikasa mad at you ?|What ? Why would I be crying ?
Rachel , give us the skinny on Daysha Kaye . Never tried saying that before . Don 't think I like it .|What did Daysha say ?
Hey , it 's me . Listen . Making county is about to send us the transcript and the court records for Shaw 's 94 rape case . Here to Miami ? Yeah , they 'll only send it to my official address . Here 's what I need . The original court reporters , witnesses and jury members . Anybody connected to the trial .|You have a suspect in mind ? Yeah , I do .
A few years ago , I was in a relationship .|I was married , in fact . Married ? Yeah . You never said . No , well , um ... it broke down . Disastrously .
You have a suspect in mind ? Yeah , I do .|Got the DNA results from the kleenex from the condo . No match to the victim . Okay .
What ? Why would I be crying ?|You reek of alcohol !
Well , just when I think I 've seen everything .|According to our records you visit Mason Shaw in prison every week .
But it 's not a big deal if we happen to drink something with a little alcohol in it . how are you gonna fight ?|Huh ? When would we have to fight ? Do you really have to ask ?
Andy . All of this ...|You never said . When you walked through that door three years ago , 12 years after I 'd last seen you , I thought , everything happens for a reason .
Ouch . don 't say things like that out loud . kid . we 'll do our jobs .|But you know what ? Not once in the past 100 years have they broken the wall .
Okay .|And I think we both know that sample you just gave us is gonna place you at the crime scene .
And I think we both know that sample you just gave us is gonna place you at the crime scene .|And you showed her your place , Peg Donovan 's antenna must have gone up . I 'm remodeling . Security .
Has a nice ring to it . they know something bad happened .|Everyone 's much happier when we 're doing nothing and getting called useless freeloaders . but we 'll live as long as we can eat and sleep .
Nice boots . Officer Bailey . Your prisoners ?|So I 'm told . I 'm also told you you 're the only CO in the pestrian patrol .
Carry on .|Hi , pal . Hello .
So ? Ever been to Miami ? No . Well , your boots say different Voila . You 're coming with me .|Well Roy , you broke the caught and rule , didn 't you ?
I 'm not saying they 're stupid or anything .|The Survey Corps are back !
Anyone is capable of murder . Just because Godzilla 's got that etched on her forehead doesn 't mean it 's true . She wants me to interview Chantelle . Not because I 'll do it well or anything , obviously , she says I 'm less stroppy when I 'm busy .|You haven 't been stroppy for hours . I know . I told her it wasn 't stroppy , it was disillusioned with the system . What did she say ? Get a life .
I didn 't know someone was gonna kill her .|Speed , it 's H Hey , Now listen , Shaw has an eighteen year old son who just stopped visiting about a month ago . Were you able to see him ? Nope , he is a freshman at the University of Miami , Go get this face , will you ? All right , I 'll take a uniform .
Do you think we should go to AE ? I 've already been . It 's only a sprain . Dad was brilliant , Mum .|Mum .
Never , I told you I phoned her . My father is parole hearing is coming up and I asked her to go easy . Shook things up last time she testified , huh ?|She told that story again ? Those lies ?
She told that story again ? Those lies ?|About how my father raped her ? Lies ?
Good . Fine .|Get a degree . I 've applied to be a PCSO .
It 's a poison oak . It 's pretty hard to get that down on Miami . It 's really humid . You wanna try again ?|I don 't remember . You know , it 's all over your face but it 's not in your eyes . Mind if I take a sample of that ?
You 've got a place at a good university , Sammy . I want to be a police officer . The future , in the police , is with a degree . No . You 've always said that wouldn 't work , Mum . You 've always said you 've got to work your way up through the ranks , otherwise ... otherwise people just think you 're a twat .|Is this your dad ? Is this his big dozy idea ? ' What 's good enough for me ... ' ? No . What then ? What ? Do you wanna end up like him ? No , Mum .
You 're welcome to watch it if you want . Well , if you can see me there , I 'll probably see me too .|The starting point of this interview is different from the last time we spoke . That time you told me you couldn 't remember the last time you 'd seen Leon . And you also didn 't tell us that Reno was Kelly 's dad .
She just started ... freaking out . Spraying at me so I ran .|Crazy bitch .
So I 'm thinking that you may know more about why Leon was killed than you suggested .|What are you thinking ?
There 's not much .|We 're back .
Do you think you 're up to looking up some pictures ?|It 's Crystal .
I 'll be back in two or three days .|Eren wants to join the Survey Corps . you traitor ! what are you thinking ? !
What did you think about Leon and Reno doing that to Daysha ? Nothing . Why were you in there ?|What did the lads think about you being in there while they were doing that ?
What did the lads think about you being in there while they were doing that ?|I don 't think they knew I was .
I want to see and understand the world outside .|I don 't want to die inside these walls without knowing what 's out there ! Then those who lost their lives will have died in vain !
It 's dark inside . Sorry . That 's all right . Are you okay ?|Suppose to be somewhere . Just can 't remember where .
For real ?|Have a safe trip !
I think he 's name was ... Bailey ?|Now you can collect this when you leave .
And what we 're going to be looking for is , we 're gonna be looking for a knife . And for Leon 's blood . Maybe on your shower gel bottle . Maybe on your keys .|And we 're going to be looking in your bins for anything that might have been used to clean up , so it 'll still have traces of blood on it .
A positive pregnancy test . Says two to three weeks on it . Barely faded , so recent .|I 'm guessing it 's Leon 's baby . I 'm guessing that accounts for why now . Sounds about right .
You 're beating me up because you know I 'm right and you can 't prove me wrong .|Doesn 't that mean you 've admitted that you 're wrong ?
Doesn 't that mean you 've admitted that you 're wrong ?|Enough with your crappy arguments ! Stop !
Erm ... thanks for looking after Mum last night , which you really played down .|She was very touched . And so am I.
She was very touched . And so am I.|Bye . Er ... See you Saturday . Bye .
Clothes are drying out on the evidence. huh ?|Yo ! Check this out .
Armin ?|I can stand up by myself . sorry . calling me a heretic . Dammit .
Let me try to isolate the sound .|It sounds like electronic . Yeah . 140 decibels probably radio frequency interference . The crime scene was a constrution site I didn 't see anything electronic . Hmm . I don 't know . Maybe it was outside or next door ? Yeah . Had to been pretty close to react with the frequency in the cell phone . Okay , how close ? In the room . One or two feet away from the phone . So she got locked in the room and she grabbed her cell phone to make the call .
Ah , hello , Mrs Bailey . Sharon . Sharon . Nice of you to join us . Mm . Just getting used to her before I meet up with her . You 're gonna do it ? Yep . I took the long view , you know , the long mature one , as I do , and I thought , ' Fuck it . '|Shall we have men ?
Go on .|Last night , a man called Nicholas Savage was so badly assaulted , he 's ended up in hospital with a broken back . I didn 't do it . You were drunk . One of you won 't work here any more . You didn 't lie ... if they can prove you 've lied , you 'll be in a lot more trouble than you 're in now . And you can 't remember anything ? You don 't think I did it ? You know you 'd like to think you 'd never do anything out of character . To think what I might be capable of ... itfc subtitles
Okay , here 's what I want you to do . Have him get his gear and you two get up here immediately , Immediately , Eric .|They told me you looking for me . Yeah , I 'm a ... I 'm having trouble deciphering these visitor logs .
They told me you looking for me . Yeah , I 'm a ... I 'm having trouble deciphering these visitor logs .|See what I can do . Appreciate it .
His fists were the strongest of all . Even a single hit would be impossible to survive .|His Kurenai Karate ... Even China and samurais feared this deadly master .
Ahh , god !|See what I mean ?
See what I mean ?|Here 's the bottom line sergeant , we can prove that your hearing aid was within inches of Peg Donovan cell phone while she was being attacked .
Now , Tatsuya 's black belt is in danger .|This man is Shu Tagawa .
What happened ?|What are you looking at ?
She was there on the conjugal , I guess her old man couldn 't deliver .|I didn 't wanna lose my job .
This is Kurenai Karate .|It exists for protection .
The Titans are inside !|We need to get ...
Eren !|My house is over there ...
Dad ?|Dad ! Dad !
Mom is ...|Mikasa !
Mom !|Mom !
Let no one touch ... this real belt .|Dad ! Dad !
Dad ! Dad !|Dad ! Dad !
Welcome .|Popcorn and iced tea ?
My purse ! Somebody , stop them ! Stop them !|Excuse me .
You. bitch !|Excuse me . Let me through .
Some were taking your picture . Even the boss was excited . I know . I don 't like that . I really mean it . I don 't want people to know about that .|Ayaka .
Don 't go ...|Stop ! mankind received a grim reminder . and were disgraced to live in these cages we called walls . fulfilling their roles of lowering costs of defense and military . The people of Shiganshina could escape the assault of the Titans by traversing only one gate .
.. and blood pools around his feet . speed ?|Void in the blood pool . rectangular with a peak . could a lead diving weight .
Void in the blood pool . rectangular with a peak . could a lead diving weight .|Yes. whatever it was caused ridges to form in the blood within minutes . Right ? and whoever removed it ...
Nothing but trouble , eh ?|You 're right . Only trouble .
Yes. whatever it was caused ridges to form in the blood within minutes . Right ? and whoever removed it ...|Watched this man die .
What are you waiting for ? !|Hurry up ! They 're coming !
Really ? Seriously ? What ?|I can 't . I 'm sorry .
What ? You got a new boat and a used toilet .|The seat 's up .
The seat 's up .|Why does it always get to be the toilet ?
Hurry up and close it ! The Titans are coming !|Hurry up and close the gate ! Stop !
Let me see that camera . What did you find ?|I swear I saw a mermaid .
He did great in the Middle East . They want him back next year .|Sho ...
Yeah . That 's it . That 's what I saw .|Oh , my god .
She 's gone !|Why ?
I ... Us humans are weak . we can do nothing but cry ?|I 'll erase their existence from this world ...
One down .|Uh , there 's no record for most figureheads , but these four ships were the Titanics of their century .
Scares little kids and law enforcement .|My hook . Just like a pirate , huh ?
Eren ?|Eren ?
Eren ?|I 'm going to kill them all .
I 'm going to kill them all .|Not even a single one of them will be left ... !
You must kill your enemy .|You lose , you die .
Sorry . I can 't do that .|So tell me What happened . What 's this all about ? Your dive partner 's dead . What , Paulie ? And then you left town . which make us think you have something to do with it .
Eren ...|The Holocaust " was the price of overconfidence and peace of 100 years . mankind was unaware of the existence of monsters such as the Colossus .
Yeah . Well . Paulie called me . Said he needed to talk . I go over . He keeps beating aroud the bush . Oh , so , I .. I go to the head . had a smoke . and that 's when I heard somebody else on board .|Somebody else ? Who are we talking about ?
Certainly .|Form practice ...
How did I ever do my job before I met you ?|Okay . This one ... has an extra ..
How outdated .|Stop her !
Stop her !|Teach her new skills .
Did it ! I 'm in the Military Police now ! We 'll never worry about having food again ! do you know which division you will join ?|Isn 't it obvious ? The Military Police .
Now , that is a good shot Not like it was on the run .|Hey . I will make you a deal . You stay out of my office , I 'll stay out of yours .
That 's why I strived to be among the top ten .|I too want to join the Military Police
We 're having guests from the US next week .|Give a karate demonstration and interpret for him .
Give a karate demonstration and interpret for him .|You may leave .
What did you just say ?|Nothing .
What 's your point ? you 'd be comfortable living a life in blindness and ignorance .|Eren ...
No .|I 'm very sorry , sir .
Do you even know how many people have been devoured ? but were annihilated as mere fools .|This was the answer they found : Humanity can not cope with the Titans .
He made me a cripple and fooled me with the wrong belt .|How much more can you do to me ?
Muto .|The real belt must exist somewhere . Find it .
He likes to mount all his trophies .|I bet that makes you feel special , huh ?
Oh , it does .|Mr. Betancourt , do you own a speargun ? I think , uh , I never use it , it 's on my boat . Do you mind if I take a look ?
I 'm starting to . Okay , I got an idea . Why don 't you lend us the speargun and I will ignore the endangered fish in there .|Report the fish . I 'll pay the fine . This is crazy . Why , why would I kill this guy ? How about sunken treasure ?
This was the answer they found : Humanity can not cope with the Titans .|And because of that ...
And because of that ...|You 're gonna give up without even trying ?
Yes. sir .|Actually , I have a report on that issue .
You 're gonna give up without even trying ?|We are mankind 's last hope ! That 's why we trained all these years .
Eren ...|You 're a deluded fool .
What did you say ?|Who enlists the Survey Corps by choice ? go ahead .
Eren ! there 's a fight !|Stop it ! The instructor is coming !
Put me down !|Mikasa !
Mikasa !|I told you to put me down ! Hey !
I told you to put me down ! Hey !|Stay out of other people 's business ! you become too foolish .
Brought Coast guard 's radar history of this quadrant for the last three month . We ran the lat and long of our suspect . Betancourt .|The fact that he had a private slip made it real easy to ID his vessel . Like you thought , first Monday of every month , Betancourt would head out to the same zone .
I 'm going to join the Survey Corps !|Armin ?
Right there . He knew exaclty how to exploit the government 's weaknesses . Okay . We know what he did . What did Marty do ? Our Captain Hook .|Followed same pattern every day except one .
Armin ?|You 're our top theoretician ! Put that to better use !
I 'll go to the military police if you do . so will I.|You 'll die an early death if I 'm not there for you .
Sojiro 's black belt is mine .|I will have it in my hands .
Are you sure about this ? Sure . I can do it so I said , yes .|Might be nice to show Daddy 's karate .
I never asked for that .|I don 't want to lose what 's left of my family .
She 's the Super Karate Girl , Ms. Ayaka Ikegami .|These days , karate is not so popular to learn . But a pretty young girl like you doing karate . That 's a great news , it helps karate . Don 't you think ?
Don 't be so shy about it .|You 're not the only one .
Ayaka .|Hello everyone . I 'm Ayaka Ikegami . Nice to join you today .
For now .|Hey .
Loud and clear . Thank you .|Are you a religious man ? After a fashion . I 've been looking for an object to fill our void . I got it .
Are you a religious man ? After a fashion . I 've been looking for an object to fill our void . I got it .|The Cross of Santiago was at the murder scene .
The Cross of Santiago was at the murder scene .|It 's a beauty . Probably that one piece Marty held out for his partner to chew on while he hid the rest of his stash . So Paulie is on his new boat . admiring his Cross ... .
You 're not the only one .|Thomas ... Are you serious ... guys ...
Marty probably stashed the Cross with the rest of his loot , whatever that is . Or he sold it . This guy has to get out of our jurisdiction , doesn 't he ? You don 't think that would raise a lot of flags in Miami fencing ? It might for gold , but the Cross is a work of art . He could sell it on the grey market .|Yeah . That 's the big skam . Art collectors . they never say items were stolen . they say they were found .
Sasha ... You wanna get solitary confinement ? You 're a real idiot ! Real idiocy 's scary ...|Let 's all split it up together later .
I 'll get into it . I 'll start looking for internet grey sites .|Keep me posted .
Never fighting is the happiest thing ? Yes . Karate is for protection .|That 's why all karate forms begin with taking an attack .
That 's why all karate forms begin with taking an attack .|There 's no first strike in karate .
I 'm worried I could be in danger , too .|Well , I think Cienfuegos has made his point so for the time being you are safe unless there 's something you 're not telling me .
My father taught me that .|Don 't you have a special tip to win a match ? Excuse me ?
Don 't you have a special tip to win a match ? Excuse me ?|He told me it takes at least 20 years to master karate .
You ever get out to Palm Springs , Lieutenant Caine ?|Only on business .
Bring it back ! Yeah ! Meat is a luxury now that we 've lost so much land !|Don 't worry about it . we can keep pigs and cows again .
That goes for me too .|Guys ...
They 'll find us out if we don 't get back to work .|It 's still a while before lunch .
Will you show them something just a little ? Well ... Stop talking . Show us something . Please don 't do forms . Absolutely not . Not Naihanchi .|Ayaka , let 's go back home .
Old memories .|What ? I 'm just glad you 're a bomb expert .
Mankind 's finally regaining its dignity .|We can win .
Penelope ? You recognize it ?|Yeah .
We can win .|Mankind 's counterattack begins now !
No . No .|Oh , my god !
I need another man and another bottle .|Now , I begin .
You 're absolutely right .|You know what I like about him ? Grace in defeat . Yeah , try as we might , can 't all be winners . I hope you 're not under the impression that you 've won something .
Intelligent ! this is our chance .|This is the only one that can destroy the gates .
And if he hasn 't , I 'm sure Betancourt 's widow will let him know . Marty , don 't accept any registered mail . You 're trying to scare me so I 'll give it up . I 'm not . I 'm trying to save your life .|I like my odds out there . You 're making a mistake , Marty .
I like my odds out there . You 're making a mistake , Marty .|I 've made them before .
If I can just stop him !|There !
I don 't know .. travel ... See the world . Get Ray Jr. into private school .|But you didn 't answer my question .
Stop !|Do you care about these pieces of crap ?
But you didn 't answer my question .|If you found a treasure , what would you do ?
Ayaka , please don 't .|I have to . Why ?
If you found a treasure , what would you do ?|Hang on a second . Horatio .
Because karate is for protection .|So , fighting with us ?
Ayaka !|Are you okay ?
When did they find it ? An hour ago , sir . Throttle was wide open . Nobody 's seen the owner . Looks like Marty was doing a little celebrating .|Well , I bet they didn 't ask him nicely . who ? The Columbians .
Go !|Did I miss ?
Did I miss ?|No ... The Colossal Titan vanished ...
Please remain calm and evacuate ! the hell of five years ago will be repeated !|We must stop the Titans here !
Windshield glass .|Tempered .
Franz ...|Armin ? !
Armin ? !|I 'm fine !
Even we get the real belt , her existence is a threat to us .|Take care of her !
Then shall we go to her home to kill her and get the belt ?|Are you insane ? That 's murder . It will get too much attention . Do it right .
But we 're still in trouble ! and no way to fix it quickly !|We couldn 't even dig out that giant rock near Zemo !
Traces just as good as the smoking gun .|Are we sure nobody saw anything ? Well we 're certainly not gonna trust the investigation to an eyewitness . The only thing that matters is the evidence . Let 's be thorough . You got it .
We couldn 't even dig out that giant rock near Zemo !|Then it 's only a matter of time until they break through Wall Rose ! Armin !
How are we doing ? No ID . But a handful of Benjamin 's in her pockets .|You think she 's a pro ? I was thinking maybe a SoBe call girl but everything about her says model . Implants , collagen , rib removal , weight . Or lack of it . Barely out of your teens . You don 't belong here yet . Let 's notify Interpol .
Since I joined your family when I was 8 years old , I 've never ...|Never said Kurenai for 10 years .
Never said Kurenai for 10 years .|Never returned to Okinawa .
Never returned to Okinawa .|I kept my karate as a secret .
You think she 's a pro ? I was thinking maybe a SoBe call girl but everything about her says model . Implants , collagen , rib removal , weight . Or lack of it . Barely out of your teens . You don 't belong here yet . Let 's notify Interpol .|Most of these models are far nationals . Take a look at that .
No relatives know about me .|I 'll call the police .
I 'll call the police .|This is really dangerous , I think . They were crazy , not joking .
Most of these models are far nationals . Take a look at that .|Looks like glass .
4.5 you know what ? Don 't even bother . There 's only one car with a grill that low . Good work , Ty , thanks .|It 's Lamborghini . Diablo .
It 's Lamborghini . Diablo .|PPG code : 0056 .
They don 't care .|You 're right .
We 've been on the verge of death many times during those three years .|Some actually died . and some were sent away .
Some actually died . and some were sent away .|But we survived !
But we survived !|Didn 't we ? !
It 's Tess Kimball .|Been repping  her for about 18 months .
For protection ... ?|Ayaka Kurenai was saying karate is for protection . What ? Don 't be stupid . If someone heard you , you 'll be killed .
He 's your ancestor .|I 'm sure both of you will be really strong .
Let no one touch this belt .|Help ! Dad ! Dad !
Mikasa !|It 's so unlike you to panic !
Dad !|You ...
You ...|How did you know my name ?
I won 't die .|I couldn 't die even if I were killed here .
I don 't know anything about this world yet .|Armin !
Don 't you think this is a great chance ? surely they 'll promote us right up the ladder !|Without a doubt ! But quite a few of us are aiming for the Survey Corps this year ! but I 'm not losing this time !
Natsuki ?|Are you Natsuki ?
Are you Natsuki ?|Do you recognize me ?
Excuse me ?|To see someone . I mean it 's been a couple of years since your brother passed .
To see someone . I mean it 's been a couple of years since your brother passed .|Why don 't you take it up with her ?
I see .|What ? As we thought , she has Sojiro 's black belt .
What ? As we thought , she has Sojiro 's black belt .|I see .
Why don 't you take it up with her ?|You 're right . That 's good advice .
Hi|Missed you at Mandeville 's .
Right ! Let 's go !|Yeah !
An abnormal one ! Watch out ! motherfucker ? !|Eren ! Stop ! Don 't go alone ! you bastard !
Eren ! Stop ! Don 't go alone ! you bastard !|How dare you eat Thomas ? !
Zooming .|Yeah . That 's Tess .
Breathe together , energy together .|That 's KlAl .
So who 's that guy ?|Clavo Cruz . The player ? From South America ?
Armin ? Look at this book my grandpa was hiding ! It 's all about the outside world ! The outside world ? isn 't it ? What if the Military Police find out ? Who cares about that now ? Most of the world is covered by a huge amount of water called " sea " ! And it 's all salty water too ! Salt ? No way ...|There 's more than just mountains of salt !
This KlAl is only for the Kurenais .|Breathe more to move bigger .
That guy . He 's always at premiers . Big events .|This might have been one event he should have missed .
Lieutenant Caine . Miami PD . That 's a pretty girl Lieutenant . Reminds me of the girls in Berakas . Only thing that makes me miss home . Take a look at this pretty girl .|We have reason to believe you killed her .
That 's a razor burn . I get too many ingrown . Wrong . It 's from an air bag . You were behind the wheel when you hit her . You know . I 'm pretty sure that was a dog , dog . Stand up .|Turn around . We 're taking you in . You can 't arrest me .
So I 'm going ... to the outside world ...|Eren ! Hurry !
Who am I ?|You must know that now .
Armin ? Get ahold of yourself ! Hey ! Armin !|Hey ! Armin ! Hey !
Are you with me now ? Are you okay ? Hurt anywhere ?|Where 's your squad ?
You mean torture ? United States of America does not torture prisoners of war . But Berakas does .. for us . If you believe the rumors . And we stay one step ahead of the next 9.11 . so you see , why we can 't touch Clavo . I do .|To be continued .
Little sister ...|We killed your father . For stealing the legendary belt . It was 10 years ago . We stole you too . So we can make you a profitable killing doll . I 'm not a doll .
Right . I 'm still your brother 's wife .|It 's not your fault Raymond got killed . Not mine . If anything you tried harder than anyone to get Raymond to be more careful .
It 's not your fault Raymond got killed . Not mine . If anything you tried harder than anyone to get Raymond to be more careful .|And maybe I didn 't try hard enough . That is not true .
Connie .|They 're all dead ... Everyone but him .
No way ! Armin didn 't say that ! Open your eyes and look the fuck around you .|We don 't have time to babysit him .
We don 't have time to babysit him .|Why is he unhurt then ? Who knows ? Maybe the Titans mistook him for dead .
I want Natsuki . Natsuki ? You mean ... Sakura ?|Pretty good , isn 't she ? We trained her for a decade . I want Natsuki now ! Where is the belt ?
Look . They 've been in there since this afternoon . Maybe he 's gone out the back .|Clavo Cruz 's definitely coming out the front door . How do you figure ? He loves attention too much to slip out the back . Haven 't you ever seen him in Ocean Drive magazine ? He 's everywhere . He 's cam round .
I have it here. but ...|You can 't touch it .
You can 't touch it .|What did you say ?
What did you say ?|How stupid .
How stupid .|She 's dead whether she hands it over or not .
Hey ... Armin !|Connie !
She 's gonna be killed by Keith for sure .|You should watch it . your sister beaten to death .
I just didn 't get it up until right now .|This world 's been hell all along .
So you came here . Ayaka Kurenai .|Where is she ? Keith !
Natsuki .|Recognize me ?
Got some ideas .|I got some fabric here . It 's the same color as our victim 's dress .
There it is .|It 's public property now . And it 's got some blood on it .
It 's public property now . And it 's got some blood on it .|Well this is our murder car , as if we had any doubts .
And ruined my sister 's life .|He desecrated Kurenai Karate .
He desecrated Kurenai Karate .|I 'll never ... We 'll never forgive him .
Please stop ... No more ...|I can 't ... take this anymore ...
My black belt ...|Sojiro 's black belt ...
Sojiro 's black belt ...|You lied
You lied|Keith. wait . We 'll get it now , anyway .
Things change Ramon .|Horatio . Where ?
Hey check this out .|How did that get from your apartment to there is what I want to know . That 's very funny .
I 'm crippled . You can 't kill me .|Sakura. don 't do that to me . I raised you for 10 years .
Thank you . Sure . I 'll page you . I 'll wait .|I can 't help it . It 's in my DNA . I 'm just naturally curious .
They probably lost their will to fight .|I understand how they feel .
I had such a boring life .|If someone told me beforehand ...
No physical findings .|The thing is , the water in her lungs weren 't salt water . I smell chlorine . I sent a sample to Trace for the particulars . Horatio .
As soon as you 're better , the two of us will go shopping together . And you can choose whatever you like .|Didn 't Mum tell you I 'm probably going to die ?
The thing is , the water in her lungs weren 't salt water . I smell chlorine . I sent a sample to Trace for the particulars . Horatio .|Excuse me .
I 'm prepared to die ...|But what exactly am I going to die for ?
Yes .|That 's Danny .
I would like to apologize to you gentlemen for any inconvenience I caused you .|And if you would extend my sentiment to your father and his government , I would appreciate it .
Thank you .|He was suffering from depression .
Our unit ...|The 34th cadet unit ...
He 's OK , Sveta . I 'd never have got away without him . It wasn 't easy for him either .|Child !
You 've just become less engaging . the blue bottles from Tess ' hand ..|Guess what ?
Thomas Wagner .|Nic Tius .
You call him .|What d 'you want me to say ? Want me to play the innocent ? Tell him that Danny 's dead .
What d 'you want me to say ? Want me to play the innocent ? Tell him that Danny 's dead .|And try to find out where he is . The bastard !
This is better fishing than Barakas , baby !|Come to papa , come to papa .
Eren died in place of me ...|I couldn 't do anything !
Dance . Dance .|What you got ?
Drink a nice fuckin ' cup of coffee with her instead , then !|Hello ? Bob ?
Hello ? Bob ?|He can kiss my fuckin ' arse !
In conjunction with the United States Coast Guard , by decree of the Bahamian Defense Force , you are under arrest for the murder of Michelle Cormier , a citizen of Canada . Crime perpetrated in Canadian Soil at the Council in Miami Dade Florida . Canadian girl on Canadian soil . That 's two out of three . I 'm still immune . Actually you 're not . Not on your boat . You 're flying under the flag of convenience . Just like the constables , isn 't that right constable ? The Bahamian flag . Which gives me jurisdiction over you . That is correct . You never gave any thought to how your father arranged your life . You just took with no questions asked . You still can 't arrest me . I 'm in Florida waters . Actually you 're not in Florida waters . About 500 yards that way . You passed into international waters . The coast guard was waiting for you to make that mistake .|Now you have 50 years to think about how you helped me in your arrest . And you , you watch your back . I 'm not done with you . Now gentlemen , it 's been a pleasure .
I couldn 't do anything !|I 'm so sorry !
This isn 't the time to be emotional .|Stand up . we can replenish our gas supplies and climb the wall .
The bridge fell out ? We couldn 't believe it .|There was no warning .
The boat was on autopilot . Yacht was reported stolen out of the marina an hour ago . Did you find the driver ? Found someone : Only soul on board . Italian suit , street shoes not the kind of thing you 'd wear for a day on the intercoastal .|And that stippling right here , which means he was shot at close range . Shooter went overboard right here .
Even if I 'm alone .|You 're either incompetent or you 're spineless cowards .
Reed williams , age 51 . Bal harbor . Well , that explains the expensive suit . Got a casing : .22 .|I 'm going to go see what Mr. Williams was into , ladies . Thank you .
I live .|I cannot win .
That depends .|What 's your budget ?
I hardly recognised you !|You don 't look like yourself . You 've gone blonde !
Your granny 's sister . What a big boy you are !|This is Tony . He 's from Belgium .
Eren !|Hey ! Were we trained to let our comrades fight alone ? ! we 're going to turn out to be spineless cowards !
She 's not here .|No , but ...
It 's ... it 's right this way .|Speed , how 's it going ? Frogmen didn 't turn anyone up .
Maybe they 're wrong , maybe it 's not as bad as all that .|We haven 't got enough money for the operation .
Okay , the guy gave me an envelope through a cracked window , it was tinted , I never saw his face . You basically got paid to look the other way . Like I said , I though it was a custody thing .|The envelope ?
The envelope ?|Now , ken , tell me what kind of car it was , and don 't make me get down there and measure again . It was , like , a pontiac ... midsize . A Grand Prix , maybe . All right . I 'll put out a broadcast : " Stolen grand prix " . " Stolen grand prix , all colors . " They 've had five hours to repaint it .
Confirmation . Triploid grass carp . It 's , uh , specifically engineered to control aquatic vegetation in the canals .|The county dumps them . They eat five times their weight in plants .
You can 't prove anything , Bob .|Right .
She 'll run out right away .|I don 't care how skilled she is ... we can 't do anything !
Hello . Have you already chosen what you want to drink , gentlemen ?|Yulia .
Dammit !|Jean ! You lead the others !
I 'll go with Armin !|I 'm coming with you ! What are you talking about ? ! There are more Titans left !
Nice villa ! You aren 't bothered by your neighbours .|Very nice ...
Very nice ...|Bloody hell ! Now what do we do ?
I 'm coming with you ! What are you talking about ? ! There are more Titans left !|We need your skills !
She says she 's found the money ... For Dasha .|I don 't believe it !
It 's a chipped tooth . Mr. Williams got shot for passing fake jewelry .|Here . Take it .
Now what ?|I 've had enough of all the grief .
That 's not possible .|Our jewelry 's real . We don 't own replicas . Did your husband know that ?
I don 't know .|Now that Danny 's no longer around ...
My life has no meaning anymore .|What 's keeping me going ?
Fight ! Fight ! Fight !|Eren ...
But maybe I can help you with something , officer . I 'd be more than happy to help the police . Yes , I 've recently been speaking to your customer , Mrs. Tawny Williams .|Yes , I just heard the news about her husband . It 's tragic . She 's such a nice lady . Excuse me . Speed ?
Eren ...|Fight ! You must fight ! Fight ! Fight !
Fuck !|Jesus bloody fuckin ' Christ !
This is csi , Caine . We got a priority here ! I got a man down , shots fired !|You 're going to be okay , speed . You 're going to be okay . You 'll be fine . I can 't feel anything . Hang in there . Speed . Speed , keep breathing .
Jesus fuckin ' Christ !|You stupid wanker !
You 're going to be okay , speed . You 're going to be okay . You 'll be fine . I can 't feel anything . Hang in there . Speed . Speed , keep breathing .|Speed ... Can 't feel anything ... I know , I know , I understand . Just keep breathing . Okay , partner . Speed ?
A Titan ... is killing ... another Titan ...|Mikasa !
Shit ! There are two 15 meter classes !|No ... That Titan 's ...
Synopsis .|Synopsis .
He needs to go with me .|Okay .
We must get going before it comes this way ! No . It doesn 't care about us .|It could 've attacked us long ago .
What was that ?|Just consider it an abnormal ! we must hurry to the HQ !
Just consider it an abnormal ! we must hurry to the HQ !|Wait ! I have an idea !
Give me this .|I want to see your hair .
Wait ! I have an idea !|An idea ?
How many died on my command ? aren 't you ?|Jean ! These bastards abandoned us ! Do you even have a clue how many died ? ! The Titans invaded the supply depot ! What could we have done ? ! It 's your job to figure something out !
Jean ! These bastards abandoned us ! Do you even have a clue how many died ? ! The Titans invaded the supply depot ! What could we have done ? ! It 's your job to figure something out !|Take cover !
Thank you , anything to drink water or something ?|Yes , water would be fabulous . I Just finished remodeling . I have a second bedroom well , which is larger . Yeah , uh ... have a fabulous place . Yes .
So , we 're looking for the print that Calleigh found on the trunk of the car . She 's been searching for a palm print match for hours . Okay , Eric , hang in there . That little kid is out there depending on this box .|I hate it , I want to do something . I understand , but this is the course of action , so let 's keep going .
Reality ... eh ...|Would you mind if I shower ?
Someone like Pete Keller ?|Your boyfriend is in custody for kidnapping .
What do you drink ?|Water , soda . Y ... iced tea . Is what I meant .
It 's not even interested in attacking humans ! We can all get outta here alive !|We 'd ... use the Titan ?
Which again ... asks the question : How old are you ?|Who wants to know ?
This is a list of known associates , and it appears that you and Pete have been separating people from their money for quite awhile . Usually older , rich men .|I ripped off rich guys . Okay ?
I ripped off rich guys . Okay ?|I admit it . We picked them out of the society page in the herald . Is that how you found your husband ? Yeah , he ... reed had just been widowed .
Hello , I am .|I 'm fine . I actually in the house of a boy . No .
Just let it rampage here for as long as possible . that 's our best option for survival .|We found some ! Though they are covered in dust ...
I fell in love with him .|Okay ? I fell in love with his son .
Need to buy me a bus ticket . Phoenix to Chicago . If you can save on Arizona .|Agreement . Thank you .
We 'll blind them .|The next instance will decide everything .
Good night .|Good night .
Do this by anyone , know . Ah ... whatever .|I have something for you .
Take a look at this . This is mud .|Let 's see what else is here .
Is my plan really the best option ?|We 've got no other choices except your plan . There 's no time left to think . This idea 's our only shot . we 've just gotta give it everything we 've got .
Want to take a photo ? The latest nonsense . Sorry , it 's just that you 're so ... beautiful .|Owe me a drink .
You call your girlfriend over there ? Oh , her ? Daniela .|That girl is my sister .
Course . I 've used it for 43 years .|You are smart . I like that .
You just aren 't aware yet .|I 'll tell you more later . Okay ...
Do you ? What about me ?|How did your parents called when you went with your long legs ? My parents ?
How did your parents called when you went with your long legs ? My parents ?|Call me an idiot , loser , do not know . Choose names .
You hang in there , Joey .|Don 't go in there .
Yes , I agree .|I can I drink that .
Come on .|Why don 't you reach your hand ? that a boy . There you go , right on my shoulder .
This point has not sounded very bad for me .|If you think you can handle that , then let 's do it .
Are you hurt anywhere ? thanks to you ! Then stand ! Now !|Sorry ...
Hum me these bufeando . I mean , how hard can it be ?|Why not let your home ... and find out ?
Hi . Oh , god . Oh .|I thought I lost you .
. Okay , Danny boy .|1st . Class all the way right ?
I 'm sorry , really .|Yeah .
Hey , what 's the rush ?|I have no hurry .
Yeah .|Thank you .
Go ! Go ! Go ! We need to meet up with the main units !|Mikasa ?
Well , we gotta get outta here . The cops will be here in a second . Where shall we go ? The bank !|SAVINGS BANK OF ARIZONA
" Lieutenant Caine 's weapon expended six rounds .|" Tim Speedle 's ... Tim Tpeedle 's malfunctioned . "
I need to get my deposit box . I will order for you .|Peter , Mr. Demarco is here .
We can finally escape this deathtrap !|But what if that Titan could become an ally ?
Ladies , what 's going on ? Y 'all are looking real good . That 's one of ours , right ?|Oh , look who 's here . How are you , hey .
Oye , Stevie . Not too close to the water , okay , Honey ? All right , Mom .|More champagne ? It 's a party , man .
That 's ...|The abnormal that ate Thomas !
Hey ...|What was that about helping it ?
Mr. De Labeque , do you have y enemies ? Make a list . Lot of haters out there , they don 't like to see a brother that 's doing good . Any of these " haters " ever threaten you ? Come on , man , I stay in the positive , a 'ight . Unfortunately , Jennifer Valdez doesn 't have that luxury anymore , does she ?|You know what is killing me about Jennifer ? What 's that ?
You crazy . Fucking crazy .|Maybe .
Maybe .|But I know what I want .
There 's no way that monster 's on our side !|Titans are Titans .
I can not do that . I have to bring cash to Vito . O ...|You can run away with me .
Did you , Stevie , see the man who did the shooting ?|No ? Okay , all right , partner .
No ? Okay , all right , partner .|I 'll , um , I 'll go see about that ride , okay ? He had a black gun .
I 'll , um , I 'll go see about that ride , okay ? He had a black gun .|Stevie ? Do you think you could come with me and take a look at some pictures ?
Stevie ? Do you think you could come with me and take a look at some pictures ?|Will they put the siren on ? You want the siren ?
One on the right ...|Two on the left .
When you want to know .|VISIT THE GRAND CANYON TODAY
The rest of you attack the one to the right .|I 'll clean up on the left .
It 's a good question .|Sarah Livy ?
Okay .|You continue to look at the pictures . I 'll be back .
Stay still .|I 'll never get ...
I can 't stop the bleeding !|Captain ...
Well .|Ended ?
Guy thought he was Tony Montana .|There 's no gun on board , so I 'm thinking he dumped it somewhere in the Bay .
Ah ... never mind . I just ... Well , I 'll go . As soon as possible . Well , I 'll explain everything when you get here . Well , great . Thank you . SAVINGS BANK OF ARIZONA|Hello .
What ?|Was I ... useful to ... mankind ?
You did great .|And you 'll do even more .
And you 'll do even more .|Your spirit will stay with me and give me strength ! I will exterminate the Titans ! he 's gone ...
What , am I wrong ?|Easy , big fella , all right ? Well , somebody tooka couple pops at this boat .
I 'm sure he heard it all .|He 's resting so peacefully now . then ...
A coffee , please .|A coincidence .
Look , man , I handle my own business , all right ? Our victim just made this my business . If I get caught up in a murder trial , that means I got to testify . I got a clothing line now . I got housewares . You don 't see Calvin Klein caught up in no Star Island murder . It 's bad for business , man . I suggest that you start thinking about what 's best for this little boy . So who am I looking for ?|He 's an old partner of mine from back in the day .
Coincidence ... actually , has nothing to do with this .|You , do you want out of here ?
I told mine .|Black .
Byron Middlebrook , a.k.a. " B. Slick , " is going in propria persona . He 's defending himself ? Yeah . I 'd say he has a fool for a client , except for the fact that he spent three years behind bars . In the law library , right , Don ? Well , he knows enough to ask for arraignment , prelim and bail all in one hearing . So the clock is ticking . Whether we have our evidence ready or not . Don , my witness will be there .|Mr. De Labeque , can you identify the man who shot at Jennifer Valdez ? Is he in the courtroom ? Yes , he is . He 's right there .
Cannon fire ? !|But why just on shot ? !
No .|Me is crazy .
The defendant will post said bail forthwith .|The witness may step down .
It can 't be ... Is that smoke from a Titan ?|Wait !
Power .|Power ?
Wait !|Wait !
No way ...|Look at that ! Stay back ! It 's too dangerous !
Something like this .|Let me see that .
You know what , Mr. Middlebrook ? We will be happy to forward all of the appropriate legal documentation through the right channels , and you have every right to use your power of subpoena . Power of subpoena , a 'ight .|I 'm going to play your little game .
What ? You made it look like I couldn 't stand my ground .|Well , I thought you could use a little help . I know , but I had it under control . From my point of view , it looked like he was going to run a blitz on you .
My father said I would understand everything if I went there .|Always keep this key with you . Never let go of it . remember !
What ?|Want to know .
I know you want to protect him . We may not have a choice , Horatio .|States attorney 's going to want to see both eyewitnesses up there . Not if there 's one name in the report .
I 'll probably find out the truth about Titans .|Dammit ! Why did he hide this from me ? at the cost of thousands of lives !
Right .|Take that .
Take that .|They will not go walking .
Because Middlebrook would look for him at your place , and you don 't want to dump him in the system . I know it 's a lot to ask .|That 's why it 's called a favor .
What about this gun ? I want to know specifically where you recovered this gun from .|I cannot testify to that . I did not recover that gun .
I cannot testify to that . I did not recover that gun .|But you 're an expert on firearms . You 're sitting here today trying to put this gun in my hands . I am not trying to do anything . The evidence will speak for itself . Mr. Middlebrook , get to your point , and stop wasting the court 's time . You run a tight ship , Judge .
Because ... my life has been honored more than one night . My girl would know if you sit in front of me .|I want to hear .
I find it hard to believe .|Do you believe that ?
Do you believe that ?|Not know what to believe .
According to the FBI 's manual on general rifling characteristics , ain 't that the most common rifling used in a firearm ?|Yes , but this particular bullet is consistent with the firearm recovered in this case .
" Consistent . "|But can you match this bullet with this gun ?
Want to run away with me ?|Baby , if we do this , wherever you flee .
But can you match this bullet with this gun ?|Not at present . I 'm done with her , Judge .
Oh ... I 'm sorry .|I probably played right into Middlebrook 's hand by squabbling with you like that .
Do your best to show them you don 't intend to resist .|Something 's been troubling me ever since I saw Eren fight as a Titan . but I 've got to do this .
Blood . Wiped away part of that print .|Whose print ? Is it Byron Middlebrook 's ?
Whose print ? Is it Byron Middlebrook 's ?|Nope . But it 's probably the person who helped him clean up his mess .
That 's right ! It 's unnecessary !|The issue isn 't how we see him !
Bob , you 're a smart guy . Take a look at that .|What 's up with this ?
I kind of freaked out . What you want me to do ? I took the boat , dead homie and all .|What 'd you do with the body ?
Just do what it says and nobody gets hurt , okay ? Can not be ! Do you ?|Can you go on your car ?
I see . So you believe that basement holds all the answers you seek ? sir ? let 's just say I 'll just keep it in mind for now . was it ? sir ! you said that by using this " Titan power|We might be able to retake this city . Or were you just desperate to stay alive ? sir ! and block the gap in the gate .
Then how do you explain this ? It 's black coral , a protected species . You know , last year , it was a sea snail . They keep on shrinking the areas we can shrimp . Law 's the law , sir . Yeah , I still got to make a living , though . Hey , Jacques Cousteau , why don 't you open this other net here ?|God .
God .|Well , Captain , looks like you just went over your limit .
Well , Captain , looks like you just went over your limit .|Our floater is one Wesley Simmons .
Sit , damn !|Let 's have a little talk .
We might be able to retake this city . Or were you just desperate to stay alive ? sir ! and block the gap in the gate .|The thought just occurred to me ...
Know , your sister is so beautiful . Just want to take her picture . Look at her .|Know exactly what you need . My God , my little package .
Know exactly what you need . My God , my little package .|Really depressing .
Can you close the gap ?|I ...
I asked the wrong question .|Will you do it or not ? Which is it ?
It 's fine . It 's okay . We 're , um ... We 're going to be fine .|No , I get it . Horatio ... Okay , uh ... so I ... okay .
So we 're clear , you 're the , uh , legal aide to Byron Middlebrook ? I work with the Public Defender 's Office , Judge appointed me to the case .|You make it a habit of giving sensitive police information to all your clients ? Pertinent information . According to the visitors ' log , you were in MDPD yesterday .
He can summon a Titan body and control it at will ! and block off the hole with it !|Your mission will be to protect him from the other Titans ... while he 's carrying the boulder to the breach !
Your mission will be to protect him from the other Titans ... while he 's carrying the boulder to the breach !|Eren Jaeger 's protection will be entrusted to the squad leaders : Rico Brzenska and Mitabi Jarnach !
In the last 6 months Danny has come to your safe 1 time a week . Clockwork . 2 days ago red wine with an empty bag and went with a full one .|Well , thanks Amber . You 've been rather than a help , really appreciate it . Ah .
Well , thanks Amber . You 've been rather than a help , really appreciate it . Ah .|Tell the ... idiot that I am looking for , please .
Judge wants us back at court at 10 : 00 . Sanction hearing .|I suppose you teed this up for Middlebrook , too , huh ?
Calleigh , get me everything you have on this case , please. it 's about to go south .|All rise . People vs. Byron Middlebrook . Honorable Judge Veracruz presiding .
Eren Jaeger 's protection will be entrusted to the squad leaders : Rico Brzenska and Mitabi Jarnach !|The fate of mankind is in your hands . sir !
It was obvious from the start that no secret weapon existed . look at that ! what 's that ?|Did they ... fail ?
In fact , all things ... I needed ... just came to me .|You .
Do not you understand ?|This is my destiny .
Armin ! Where are you going ?|We should fall back to defending the gate .
No .|Order the elite team to retreat . No need . Keep luring the Titans to the corner of the town . they have the authority to act as they see fit .
Are you crazy ?|Just take the fucking gun , okay ?
They are the elite among the elite that I entrusted with the future of mankind .|Giving up so easily would be unforgivable .
That weapon have to get in the drop box . What can I do with this ? I want to go to the station put that in the box and use it .|Replace it with the one there . I have the key .
We 'll stop them here ! Roger ! just two squads can 't handle four at once ... no ... Why are there so many Titans ?|There are hardly any humans around here .
Does that feel like ?|Damn crazy bitch !
What happened to the plan ? Armin ?|What 's wrong with Eren ?
Why is it always pick crazy bitches ?|Call me bastard !
I ... I have something for you .|This belongs to you now .
But very beautiful .|That was a little joke bitch ! You 're a beautiful , Danny .
When you want to know .|VISIT TODAY GRAND CANYON
Eren ! Come out !|Hurry ! Eren !
Sir ? Your weapon . Let me see it .|You clean this every week ?
That is quite a case of O.C.D. , Wolfe .|Did I just lose this job ? You know what ? I need to think about it . Have a seat over there .
Never happen .|I will not let that get on that bus with this money .
That 's right . Why should I ...|Join the Recon Corps ...
Join the Recon Corps ...|Gotcha ! you piece of shit !
Before sunup . Where ?|You don 't remember .
Do not know .|Last Chance .
You don 't remember .|Show me the car .
Give me the money get in the bus and disappears .|Good .
Maybe just a stanchion ...|Dad . Is it blood ?
I 'll do it for you .|Richie .
See the kitten I found !|Gentle that little girl .
Gentle that little girl .|How is Uncle Danny ?
Dad . Is it blood ?|It 's blood , isn 't it ? Oh , God , that 's the first drink I 've had in six months .
What do I do now ? What happens now ? Take another one . What ? !|That 's what got me here in the first place , Calleigh . You came to me for help . I 'm offering you help . Take another drink . A drink ? Well , well , I can 't see how ... Just do it !
My car was involved in a ... in a ... in a incident last night . Sir , is the scotch on your breath related to that incident ? My dad took a drink to calm his nerves before we came in . I witnessed it . So the blood alcohol test is not going to help us then .|You do realize that you 're riding the line on this , right ?
Jean !|Hurry the fuck up !
Well , Horatio , we can rule out suicide for our Metrobus victim . What do we have then , Alexx ? Fresh bruise square on her back . Perimortem . Could be from a hand .|So no hesitation and all force .
What 's wrong ? Why isn 't he using his 3D Maneuver Gear ?|Don 't tell me it broke !
Don 't tell me it broke !|I 'll sort this out myself !
The outside world ... answer me ! Even though you knew hell was raging outside the walls ...|Why did you ever want to see the outside world ? you ask ? Isn 't it obvious ?
Of course , we 'll have to make some adjustments , because I 'm not as totally perfect as that girl , 'cause we can 't all be supermodels .|Um ... PJ Hillingsbrook got married ? Yeah . Lucky girl . He 's the most eligible bachelor in Beverly Hills . Do you know him ?
Um ... PJ Hillingsbrook got married ? Yeah . Lucky girl . He 's the most eligible bachelor in Beverly Hills . Do you know him ?|Okay , two weeks ago , I thought Preston was the love of my life . We were gonna get married here . I was dumb enough to think that he could love me more than his money . Oh , my God . Naomi , are you okay ?
Hey , Tyler , you get anything off that digital camera that the , uh , officer found at the scene ? Yeah , I copied all the shots on to the hard drive . These are not your grandparents vacation pictures .|Miami air , man . Makes people do things they 'd never do back home . Anything at the Marketplace ?
Because I was born into this world ! this is all we can handle ! We 're the only ones left !|Let 's fall back to the rock !
This looks like the curb out front . Our victim was behind this cameraman . We 're looking the wrong way . Do they ever turn around ?|No . That 's it . Great . Doesn 't help us at all . Maybe it does .
Let 's fall back to the rock !|Report !
I 'm used to following orders .|You 'll be thorough , right ?
Five Titans incoming from the gate .|Dammit !
Could you put your hands in your pockets , please ? I beg your pardon ? Conflict of interest could compromise the case . How is the case ? Phenolphthalein indicated blood on the undercarriage and rims . Hematrace says it 's human . What about the orange paint ? Iridescent flecks suggest he also hit a traffic sign . Oh , good , that 's something we can use to pinpoint the location . Um ... Your hands . I 'm ten feet away .|Eight and a half .
But Silver , we 're not in high school anymore . If you really are pregnant , then you can 't play games . You have to tell the father of the baby and make a decision .|Oh , you have no idea how good it feels to be out of there !
Officer Duquesne , I know it 's my first day . Regardless , uncovering the truth is more important to me than proving myself , so if you don 't mind ...|I 'm not finished yet .
Jean !|What are you doing ? !
Eren ...|Mikasa !
Mikasa !|Armin !
Both arms are folded under his body , like he tried to break his fall . Impossible to do at five stories .|Look at this , Alexx . He didn 't go easily . Evidence of a struggle .
Hello ?|Uh , hey , if you 're busy , I could ... No , I , uh ... I just didn 't know if I was ever gonna hear from you again . I didn 't either .
Well , it looks like you 're gonna get that promotion , now , Jay . You think I 'm happy about this ? Patrick was a friend . Big corner office and a huge expense account . I did not push Patrick Wakefield down that elevator shaft . Who did , Jay ?|My life is already in enough danger . Why is that ?
I 'm so sorry for putting you through this . I 've never been in a situation like this before . I don 't even know how to pray about this . Yeah . It hasn 't been easy for either of us . It 's just , ever since I was a kid , I knew I was meant to be a priest , and then you came along and ... I 'm starting to think maybe there 's a different plan for me , which is confusing and it doesn 't help matters ... you look really , really beautiful right now . How do people decide on these things ? Do they really decide or do they just let things happen ? Believe me , I wish I knew .|Wait . Um ... Are you sure ? No ... but sometimes you want something so bad , you don 't care about the consequences .
Keep them all out of the way ! We must support Eren ! go to Eren !|This is an order ! Got it ? sir !
Look ! Over here ! or I 'll shove my sword right up your stinkin ' ass and bleed you to death !|Now ! Two of them are after us !
Now ! Two of them are after us !|Run ! Run to the buildings !
Court said that Claudia couldn 't come within a hundred yards of him . I could see a hundred yards , and she was always there . Always . Why didn 't you report her ?|I was afraid I might be next0 I 'm afraid she 'll go after me for telling you this much .
It wasn 't a stranger .|It was you . You slept with Silver . Wait . She told you ? No . You just did .
Naomi . What are you doing here ? When you showed me that picture of PJ at his wedding , I thought I would never believe in love again , that everything was a lie between him and I , but today , I saw something that made me realize I was wrong . I wish I never showed you that picture . I feel awful . Oh , no , don 't . Yes , PJ married another girl 30 seconds after he broke up with me , but that would make anyone feel crappy about love . It 's not love that sucks , it 's PJ . Just because there 's one horrible guy out there doesn 't mean the rest of them are . There are really good guys out there . Actually , I loved a really good guy once .|What I 'm trying to say is , real love exists , and it is worth fighting for . Preston Hillingsbrook doesn 't deserve you .
What I 'm trying to say is , real love exists , and it is worth fighting for . Preston Hillingsbrook doesn 't deserve you .|No , he doesn 't and I hope his slutty bride gives him herpes . So ... does it mean you 'll still plan my wedding ? Yes , of course . I am so glad , because , honestly , I can 't imagine anyone else doing the job . I feel like we have some kind of connection . I swear , you were meant to be at this wedding . Speak of the devil , there 's the groom now .
Come and get me !|Hey !
Mitabi !|Why did you ever want to see the outside world ? all of us are free . don 't matter . the land of ice ... I don 't care what !
Fight ! Who would value their life over something like that ?|However terrifying the world may be ... It doesn 't matter !
However terrifying the world may be ... It doesn 't matter !|However cruel the world may be ... It doesn 't matter !
I got it . I got it .|Okay. okay .
I can 't pull him out ! We 'll have to cut it then ! you kids ...|What 's the situation here ?
White paint .|Mr. Duquesne had orange paint on the side of his car . It 's a definite transfer . And if he were a bit inebriated and so used to his routine ... He 'd ignore the sign .
Mr. Duquesne had orange paint on the side of his car . It 's a definite transfer . And if he were a bit inebriated and so used to his routine ... He 'd ignore the sign .|Arc welding .
Lake , this task has been appointed to you . What ? But why ? I 'm the least experienced of the council . I haven 't had weapons training in 15 years . This is true but all of us are well beyond our days of adventure . Lake , for countless of ages , we have fought to keep mankind safe from the horrors hidden and waiting in the dark places of the earth . Your time has come .|But alone what chance do I have ? Not much . My money is on you being brutality killed within two days . But what choice do we have ? The relic must be delivered , or all hope is lost . So be it . Who 's next in the bloodline ?
Go back to Sunside Greenery and see what you can find out . Nice going .|This is Claudia Sanders ' locker right here . All right . Thanks a lot . No problem .
Where 's Kaito 's part of the formula ? The formula is gone . Stolen . Someone is manipulating us . Someone powerful . And they must be stopped . I will find them and stop them . Actually , you 're the only one who can .|Cheerleader sleepover retreat ? What was that all about ? That was about buying some time .
We only serve one master . I have summoned the last of the ancient Deep Ones . They are still half a day 's journey from shore . So until their arrival , you will all ... suffice . Now bring me the relic .|Nice shirt .
Plagued by demons , real and imaginary .|Frightened by the challenges ahead , and haunted by the ghosts of my past .
It was the time of the dinosaurs .|Cthulhu was going to rule this world , but the earth had already been colonized by the Shoggoths and their masters are race of aliens known as the Elder Things . Cthulhu was pissed .
Does God know what I am ?|Do I ?
A great war was fought between the two alien races . The Elder Things send in wave after wave of their shoggoth hordes .|It was a long and bloody war until a giant meteorite , or whatever killed the dinosaurs came hurdling towards the earth sending Cthulhu back to his tomb beneath the sea and sent the Elder Things fleeing into the last great utopia among the Mountains of Madness . The meteor crushed into the earth causing the great ice age .
Am I an angel or a monster ? A hero or a villain ?|And why can 't I see the difference ?
And thus , the cult of Cthulhu was born .|The cult spread to all areas of the world , China , Japan , England , France , parts of Kentucky , a small piece of land in Ireland known as Worchester . They bayou . And from the darkest corners of the earth , cult worshipped their master , waiting for the day the stars would again align , and they could release Cthulhu from his tomb beneath the sea to once again rule in his dominion over man .
Did I startle you ?|Drink ?
In part , but it fails to mention the relic , an ancient key made into parts , split and lost centuries ago . If this relic comes together when the great city of R 'lyeh rises , it forms the key to Cthulhu 's tomb . The stars are aligning . The cult has found the other piece . Now you must keep this safe until the city sinks beneath the waves once more .|This was fashioned by the Old Ones using craft and skill lost long ago . It cannot be destroyed by man or any known force . Right . Can I hold it ?
Like how you knew she was in trouble . You mean Tracy ?|You said she needed my help . That she was my path .
You 're not a messenger from God . Moses saw a burning bush . Mary heard the angel .|God came to Samuel in his dreams .
Look at the shirt .|That 's the same color green as Claudia Sanders ' work uniform . I 'm going to check Katrina Hannagan 's clothing for transfer . This is great . Thanks .
Go on ...|Pretty crazy running into you , guys , like this . I don 't have to keep up with the whole " alumni situation " . I don 't know if you remember back in high school , I used to be a bit of a lone wolf . It 's just how I roll . Oh , would you look at this ? Looks like there 's no peanut butter . Boy , it 'd sure be great if I can make a sandwich . My own grandmother wasn 't such a peanut butter whore !
Break it up .|All right . You guys can go to my basement and then find whateveryou need for the trip .
No hands . Find anything ?|Almost .
When were you gonna tell me that Sylar is my brother ? What other secrets are you hiding from me , Mother ?|Tell me your secrets !
All right .|Sorry . I would have been a little bit quicker if somebody wasn 't so old ! Fuck you .
Good evening .|It 's a nice boar you got there . Yeah . I found it on the road .
What are you doing ? What 's that noise ? Is that what I think it is ? Do you want to tell me what you 're doing with that ? Don 't come any closer .|What is that ?
Roast beef .|Call it cover fire .
Call it cover fire .|What are you doing ? !
Don 't make this harder than it already is .|God . Oh , God .
God . Oh , God .|Sandra ? Crap !
Ryan ?|Ryan !
How about this guy ? Stephen Canfield . He creates vortexes , makes people disappear . Forever . Even Claire .|All right , we 'll find her .
Hey , what 's he doing ?|I 'm pretty sure the relic is fire proof , you little pop tarts . Well , I guess , we 'll find out .
Took the back door .|Unsolved homicides linked to Claudia Sanders . Solid alibis eliminate her from four of the five . This one is suspicious , though . Martin Perlman stabbed in Miami Beach . One day after purchasing a new condo .
Yes , but stabbingsare so physical . Claudia 's method is passive . This Miami Beach address looks familiar . It should . That is Jay Seaver 's current address .|He lives at the old crime scene ? Let 's get over there . No , we 're going to Claudia 's . She 's doing the dirty work , thank you .
He lives at the old crime scene ? Let 's get over there . No , we 're going to Claudia 's . She 's doing the dirty work , thank you .|This room is clear .
You 're her sister , damn it . You know where she is . I got the right to see her and my kids .|Hello ?
Hey , hey , hey . Hey look , everybody . I got the relic . Paul , what the fuck are you doing ? I 'm saving you ! Go .|Oh , god . Do you guys exercise or something ? Like ... doyou do cardio ?
Behind you .|Gotcha .
Go ahead . Have a seat .|That 's a nice crab . Sure , until you find it in your pants . Yeah .
That 's a nice crab . Sure , until you find it in your pants . Yeah .|Now , let 's hear your fish story .
Oh , come on .|Ew .
Coke .|It 's a bad habit , I know .
Wait , I know how to find your big villain and get you your formula . I have a plan .|How do you feel about recruiting ?
Daphne , you and I are standing on the precipice for real change . A world where people like you are embraced , your gifts acknowledged and respected , not ignored . I mean , you 'd like to be part of a world where you can really be somebody , wouldn 't you ?|So long as I get paid .
Here you go .|First , I thought I might be able to make a little money of the fellow . You know maybe start a little freak show or whatever . Yeah , right , a freak show . That makes sense . Well , that didn 't quite pan out . It seems you need a license for him ... or it ... or something . I was just going to bury him out in the desert . But then I realized I 've grown fond of the little fellow . Isn 't that right , Gary . You know , now that I think about it and you 've seen him up close , you probably owe me a couple of bucks .
Just sit .|Just so you know , this was her idea , not mine .
You mean , my mother ? If it was up to me , I 'd have left you to rot .| No forgiveness , is that it ? You terrorized my daughter . You killed countless others , including a target that had valuable information ... Rehabilitation doesn 't happen overnight . I am trying .
Killing is just in your nature .|What 's going on ? What do you think ? I 'm bringing you back to Level 5 where you belong . Please , don 't do this .
This is called evidence .|She followed me everywhere . I knew when I looked up , she would be there ...
You know I will , man .|You guys got like a hidden handshake or something ... Ow , ow , ow .
She followed me everywhere . I knew when I looked up , she would be there ...|Claudia .
Are you hungry too , Gary ?|Looks like peanut action , huh . All right . Here you go , little buddy .
You go , Jay . I 'll clean this up .|Don 't worry , I 'll always look out for you . I promise .
Don 't worry , I 'll always look out for you . I promise .|Claudia has a defense . Claudia is insane .
Claudia has a defense . Claudia is insane .|You are just a liar , and now a killer . For you , that adds up to life times . one ... two ... three .
Water , water . We 've got to get you to water . God . Okay , hang in there . Okay , hang on , that 's my back . Just breath .|Ah !
 I can make you happy , Maya .|I should let you get back to it .
Let 's bring the dynamite too . I like the cut of your jib .|Oh , god . Gary !
I once had a fish pee on me for hours . I loved it .|Well , all right then .
How did Wolfe do ?|Surprisingly good .
It got heated , I overreacted . Next thing I knew , he was gone .|I didn 't want to hurt him .
I didn 't want to hurt him .|They locked me away . No lawyer , no trial .
Hey , nice trip Bob !|Way to getting it close !
I just want to see them again . Hold them . Even if it 's for the last time .|I just want to be normal .
Hey , what 's going on ?|Who is this ? Get off the green !
I just want to be normal .|You don 't understand . Now , just go .
Hey !|Get the hell off the green .
Now get the ammo . Come on , lets run .|Hey , what 's in the other box ? Dynamite . Will it work ? Maybe , maybe not . Okay .
Get the hell off the green .|Call Security .
Yeah .|Just give me a head start before you call your friends at the Company .
You tried to kill yourself . How do I know you 're not gonna do it again ? What do you want from me , Nathan ? Undying gratitude ?|Thanks , you 're my hero . I want to know what you were doing on that bridge . I can 't talk about it .
The best of all the lost arts .|The best of all the lost arts .
Oh , shit . Oh , I think I just peed myself .|Reload , reload .
He threatened to run a story saying that I was Niki Sanders . When there was no way that I could reason with him , I got angry , I reached out to grab him , froze him . He shattered .|It was an accident , Tracy . I need to turn myself in .
It was an accident , Tracy . I need to turn myself in .|That 's probably not a good idea . What are you gonna tell them , Tracy ?
That 's probably not a good idea . What are you gonna tell them , Tracy ?|Who 's gonna believe you ?
Oh , fuck !|We made it up . Now what ? That was the plan , to get to the roof .
We made it up . Now what ? That was the plan , to get to the roof .|We could have jumped out the window and then run for it . We don 't know how fast those fucking things are , man . Okay , okay , so now what ?
I 'd guess 16 ... 17 .|Cromarty . That 's an expensive label for a teenager . Rigor says he 's been here at least nine hours .
I died .|And then I saw God .
Eric .|Found this next to the body .
Looks like a belt clip for a PDA of some kind .|Clasp is broken . I 'm thinking it was forcibly removed . Indicates a struggle . Okay , let 's collect all the information on the mob , and let 's connect it to the body . I will be back at the post .
I got nothing . I got one left here .|Behold .
Hi , baby . It 's me .|Wait , don 't hang up . Look . I know you 're scared but I love you . I need to see you and the kids .
I want to look for distinguishable markings .|They 've all got " mob " written on ' em .
Looking for someone ? I ought to take that thing and bend it over your head . Ha , ha . You look like the time you sat on the cactus . How are you ? Ha , ha . What 's the matter with these people ?|You could 've saved yourself a long ride . I wrote you I was coming home . I guess you wrote other people . Everybody knows you 're gonna make a try at it . They do ? Well , why burn up horseflesh coming all this way down here to tell me ? Clay , I rode to tell you not to come . At least not now . I love you You 're not ready to ride , Clay . I never see a man shot up so bad as you was . Be mine Yahoo ! You think that 's why I stayed in Mexico , huh ? Oh , don 't go back , Clay . It ain 't worth it . All southwest Texas is busted . San Antonio is just gonna be another dog town all falling down . You 're sweeter than any wine That 's just why I 'm going back .
So we agree that the mob makes the circumstances suspicious . We 'll play it as a murder until otherwise informed . What else ?|Boy was an athlete .
Dad , help !|Claire , don 't let go ! Dad !
Oh , sit down .|Come here .
His parents are overseas .|Yes , but Chad is still in Miami .
You don 't get to talk to her , ever .|Look .
All right , Clay . It 's your carcass .|He called you Clay .
Look .|We 'll talk more about this when we get home , but right now , you have to tell me where Mr. Canfield went . He 's not a killer . He 's having problems like I had problems .
This next dance is mine .|I 'm sorry , but I 'm tired now . Give us some music , boys . Don 't make me ask loud , lady . Wait a minute . I am her management . She got to have advance billing , or else : Poof . No wiggles . Shut up , Bozie . Surely you heard what the lady said , didn 't you , Lafe ?
We 'll talk more about this when we get home , but right now , you have to tell me where Mr. Canfield went . He 's not a killer . He 's having problems like I had problems .|He just ... He didn 't have you to help him .
He just ... He didn 't have you to help him .|All right . Okay , then just let me talk to him . If what you say is true , we 'll make other arrangements . You can trust me , Claire .
Uh ...|Don 't you find it a little crowded in here ? Maybe you 'd sooner talk this over in the street .
Don 't you find it a little crowded in here ? Maybe you 'd sooner talk this over in the street .|After you . Sure .
You mean " Headmaster " ? If you like .|Everything makes it to him . That 's how he keeps his job .
Thanks , Charlie .|What 's the matter , Lafe ? Something go wrong ?
Mom , that 's Tracy Strauss . Tracy , my mom . I know who she is , and why she 's come . I heard you saw Dr. Zimmerman . How do you know Dr. Zimmerman ? He worked for the Company many years ago in research and development . Very bright . Then you understand what he did to me ? You can help me . No , I 'm afraid that 's not possible . His work was classified . You want me to go public with this ?|What are you hiding , Mom ?
You see Mr. Roy Stuart ? Up in his office .|Five hundred dollars to this Jeanne Starr woman for one week .
It 's all here . The testing , the experimentation . Everything they did to us .|It wasn 't God . We were trying to be better than God .
It 's Clay Hardin ! He 's back . There 's Clay Hardin .|Why , it 's Hardin . It 's Clay Hardin . Clay ! Clay Hardin !
Your father was disappointed that you weren 't born with the genetic code , but we thought , because of your lineage , your system could handle it . And obviously we were right .|Then what about me ?
It don 't mean a thing to me . I 've handled you before , remember ? That 's why I 've come back .|They don 't want any more shooting in San Antone . Colonel Johnson and the cavalry will grab you inside of 15 minutes . Unless you get smart and save them the trouble .
Please come in .|That 's nice lipstick , Ms. Mancini . Is it Lip Sting ?
Uh ... Who is " we " ?|Well , that 's what the colonel says .
Nathan , it 's why Peter took Sylar 's ability . It 's why he sacrificed himself . He knows what 's gonna happen to this world . You do not understand . I understand , Ma . I understand . You locked Peter up , put a shunt in his head .|You did experiments on me and God knows who else . Peter ? Claire ?
You did experiments on me and God knows who else . Peter ? Claire ?|Who else did you use as your own personal guinea pig ?
Who else did you use as your own personal guinea pig ?|Nathan , listen to me . Nathan .
Nathan , listen to me . Nathan .|I 'm sorry . What 's next ? I know a scientist . He understands all of this genetic stuff . If anybody can help you , he can . Can he be trusted ? Suresh ? Yeah , he 's harmless .
How y 'all ? Awk !|Fine , thanks .
Her name is Madonna Arias . That 's her blood on the baggie ?|Do you know who she is ?
I talked to my dad .|He said he 's willing to listen .
I never seen her . Sarah , I need to know where you cop your dope , and I need to know right now .|I never see a dealer . A runner , some guy in a hoodie , comes down to the curb and takes the money and comes back with the baggie .
You know , my dear I have been looking forward so much to this visit of yours . Really , like a young boy . What a pity it was in New Orleans that we didn 't see more of each other .|Mm , but now ...
It 's really a pity , Roy that you don 't take fuller advantage of my brains . As I think of it now , I 'm afraid you have made another wretched mistake . Don 't talk so much . I 'm thinking now of a very interesting tally book that I accidentally looked into once .|One accident can lead to another , Legare . As I recall , the book contained some very curious bills of sale transferring cattle . I write bills of sale everyday . Yes . But this time you were selling cattle that didn 't belong to you , Roy .
